danke .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

ja ?
right ?
yes ?
yes ?

nachhaltig .
sustainable .
sustainable .
sustainable .

nun ja ,
yes , well ...
now , yes .
well , yes .

wir lieben innovation .
we love innovation .
we love innovation .
we love innovation .

ich danke ihnen .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

was bedeutet das ?
what does it mean ?
what does that mean ?
what does that mean ?

ja , millisekunden .
yes , milliseconds .
yes , milliseconds .
yes , milliseconds .

bewerte sie wieder .
score them again .
regarded them again .
take it again .

spieler sitzen nicht herum .
gamers don &apos;t sit around .
players don &apos;t sit around .
players don &apos;t sit around .

nennen wir ihn don .
let &apos;s call him don .
let &apos;s call it don &apos;t .
let &apos;s call him don &apos;t .

oder vor bomben .
they had to worry about being bombed .
or in front of bombs .
or bombs .

und die hatte ich immer .
and i always have been .
and i always had .
and i always had it .

er ist mein großvater .
he is my grandfather .
he &apos;s my grandfather .
he &apos;s my grandfather .

sei nicht entmutigt .
don &apos;t be daunted .
it &apos;s not courageous .
it &apos;s not disabled .

ich fühlte mich richtig gut .
and i felt really good .
i felt really good .
i felt really good .

und glücklicherweise starb er nicht .
and fortunately he didn &apos;t die .
and fortunately , he didn &apos;t die .
and fortunately , he didn &apos;t die .

frau : überlegene technologie .
superior technology .
woman : transmitting technology .
woman : overwhelming technology .

sie sahen den großen ausschlag .
you saw the big peak .
they saw the big proposal .
they saw the big impact .

die antwort ist &quot; ja &quot; .
and the answer is yes .
the answer is yes .
the answer is &quot; yes . &quot;

sie verband diese beiden menschen .
it connected those two people .
they &apos;re connected to these two people .
they connected these two people .

es sind alles wichtige möglichkeiten . &quot;
they &apos;re all important choices . &quot;
it &apos;s all important possibilities . &quot;
it &apos;s all important opportunities . &quot;

paul ist also ein terrorist .
so , paul &apos;s a terrorist .
so paul is a terrorist .
so paul is a terrorist .

darum habe ich den film gemacht .
and that &apos;s why i made the movie .
that &apos;s why i made the film .
that &apos;s why i did the film .

welche anderen marken handeln so ?
what other brands are like that ?
what other marks act like this ?
what other marks like this ?

dann kann ich das ganze übertragen .
and then i can transfer the whole thing .
then i can translate the whole thing .
then i can transmit the whole thing .

ich erinnere mich an mein erstes feuer .
i remember my first fire .
i remember my first fire .
i remember my first fire .

es kann wissen , wo wir sind .
it can know where we are .
it can know where we are .
it can know where we are .

wir sagen in deutschland nachhaltigkeit .
we say sustainability in germany .
we say in germany , sustainability .
we say in germany sustainability .

wenn sie auf das kommen , ja ?
if you think about it , right ?
if you come to that , yes ?
if you come to that , yes ?

wollen wir wirklich in diese richtung gehen ?
do we really want to go there ?
do we really want to go into this direction ?
do we really want to go to this direction ?

aber dann wollen sie wirklich tief hinein .
but then you really want to go deep .
but then you really want to get deep inside .
but then they really want to get deep into it .

der film wurde noch nicht ausgeliefert .
the film hasn &apos;t even been distributed yet .
the movie was not given yet .
the film was not provided yet .

ich habe das von meiner großmutter gelernt .
i actually learned about this from my grandmother .
i learned this from my grandmother .
i learned this from my grandmother .

tatsächlich haben wir armut neu definiert .
in fact , we redefine what poverty means .
in fact , we redefined poverty .
in fact , we redefined poverty .

man verliert immer seltene tiere .
you always lose rare animals .
you always lose rare animals .
you always get rare animals .

sie sehen erstmal von hinten nach vorne .
first you see from back to front .
you &apos;ll see the back of the back .
you look at the back to the back .

es kostete 2,7 milliarden dollar .
it cost 2.7 billion dollars .
it cost 2.7 billion dollars .
it cost 2.7 billion dollars .

es war wirklich ungeheuer tiefgreifend
it was really , really quite profound .
it was really immensely profound .
it was really immensely profound .

müssen vielleicht auch nochmal ein blick dahinter .
perhaps we should take another look at this .
maybe again , maybe a look behind it .
maybe a look back behind it .

und ich möchte ihnen die gerne vorlesen .
and i &apos;d like you to read it .
and i &apos;d like to read them .
and i &apos;d like to read them .

wir wissen nicht genau , warum das geschieht .
and we &apos;re not exactly sure why that happens .
we don &apos;t know exactly why this is happening .
we don &apos;t know exactly why that &apos;s happening .

es ist eine entscheidung zwischen freiheit und kontrolle .
it &apos;s a question of freedom against control .
it &apos;s a decision between freedom and control .
it &apos;s a decision between freedom and control .

wollen sie dazukommen und zuhören ? «
do you want to come over and listen ? &quot;
do you want to come and listen ? &quot;
do you want to listen and listen ? &quot;

kein baum ist kohlenstoffneutral .
there is not one single tree that is carbon neutral .
no tree is carbon neutral .
no tree is carbon neutral .

was sind denn jetzt eigentlich archaische modelle ?
so what are archaic models ?
now , what are archaic models ?
what are the archaean models now ?

man kann sehr leicht rein und rauszoomen .
you can zoom around very simply .
you can zoom in and zoom out .
you can zoom out very easily and zoom out .

vielleicht können wir widrigkeiten als veränderung sehen .
maybe we can see it as change .
maybe we can see change as change .
maybe we can see a third of change as change .

wir lehnen gentechnisch veränderte nahrung ab .
we object to genetically engineered food .
we live relational technology .
we &apos;re changing food .

das phosphor-problem ist viel kritischer .
the phosphorus problem is much more critical .
the phosphorus problem is much critical .
the phosphorus problem is much critical .

und hier ist jedes stück sehr gut geplant .
and here every piece is very well planned .
and here &apos;s every piece of very well done .
and here &apos;s every piece of play .

meine großeltern drängten diese zahl auf 70 .
my grandparents pushed that number to 70 .
my grandparents put this number on 70 .
my grandparents put this number down to 70 .

anfangs haben wir nur unterschrieben .
initially , all we did was autograph it .
we just signed down .
we have just signed .

nun , es war freitag , das stimmt .
well it was a friday , this is true .
well , it was free , that &apos;s true .
well , it was free , that &apos;s true .

wissen sie wie man einen 400ter nennt ?
do you know what they call a 400 baseball hitter ?
do you know how to call a 400th ?
do you know how to call a 4,000-foot ?

technische kreisläufe gibt &apos; s genauso .
there are also technical cycles .
technological circles are the same .
technological circles are just the same thing .

und wir müssen noch viel an diesem gerät verbessern .
and we &apos;ve got such a long way to go with this .
and we have to do a lot more on this device .
and we have to do a lot more on this device .

wie wäre es , länger bei guter gesundheit zu leben ?
how about living longer with good health ?
how would it be longer to live in good health ?
how would it be longer to live in good health ?

aber heute reden wir nur über die biologischen systeme .
but today we &apos;re just talking about biological systems .
but today we &apos;re just talking about biological systems .
but today we &apos;re just talking about biological systems .

das sind aufnahmen über eine dauer von 6 sekunden .
these are pictures over about a six-second period .
these are records about a permanent of six seconds .
these are footage of six seconds .

und das gilt nicht nur in bezug auf geschlecht .
and it &apos;s not just in terms of sex .
and that &apos;s not just about gender .
and that &apos;s not just in terms of gender .

er täuscht ja nur sie und nicht sich selbst .
he &apos;s only deceiving you and not himself .
he &apos;s just falling it and not himself .
he &apos;s just getting them and not himself .

wir wollen nicht versuchen , die zukunft vorher zu sagen .
we do not want to try to predict the future .
we don &apos;t want to try to say the future before .
we don &apos;t want to try to say the future before .

wir haben alle navigationssysteme in unseren autos .
we &apos;ve all got navigation controls in our car .
we have all navigation systems in our cars .
we have all navigation systems in our cars .

die frage der todesstrafe ist eine interessante frage .
it &apos;s interesting , this question of the death penalty .
the question of death penalty is an interesting question .
the question of death row is an interesting question .

wissen sie jetzt was die antwort auf diese frage ist ?
and do you know what the answer to this question now is ?
you know what the answer to this question is ?
now , you know what the answer is ?

meine mutter litt an alpträumen vom boot .
my mother suffered from nightmares all about the boat .
my mother litt lifts from the boat .
my mother litt on alpid dreams from the boat .

das ist so die vorstellung , wie die seele wirkt .
that it comes to the human from outside .
this is the idea of how the soul works .
this is the idea of how the soul does .

ich möchte ihnen von einigen der puzzlestückchen erzählen .
let me tell you about some of the pieces .
i want to tell you about some of the puzzles .
i want to tell you about some of the puzzles .

jedes große bild ist der beginn eines abschnitts .
every large image is the beginning of a section .
every big picture is the beginning of a section .
every big picture is the beginning of a cut .

sie wächst im winter und schrumpft im sommer .
it expands in winter and contracts in summer .
it grows in winter and shrinking in summer .
it grows in winter and shrimp in summer .

also wie funktionieren wir , wenn wir da reingucken ?
and how do we function , when we look in there ?
so how do we work when we look in there ?
so how do we work when we put it in there ?

aber was ist mit diesem tag , diesem bestimmten freitag ?
but what about this day , this one particular friday ?
but what about this day , this particular friday ?
but what about this day , this particular day ?

wir sprechen hier von – ungefähr 15.000 zeilen code .
we are talking about -- around about 15,000 lines of code .
we &apos;re talking about -- about 15,000 lines of code .
we &apos;re talking here -- about 15,000 lines code .

und <unk> olé ! <unk> für dich trotz alledem .
and &quot; ole ! &quot; to you , nonetheless .
and olds ! make you feel in spite .
and oluminescence ! it &apos;s possible for you despite the one .

aber ich glaube wirklich , dass nach uns noch etwas kommt .
but i think that there really is something coming along after us .
but i really believe that after we get something even more .
but i really think that after us , there &apos;s something else .

beide fälle nagten an mir , fraßen mich auf .
but each time , they were gnawing at me , eating at me .
both cases of mine , ask me questions .
both cases of me , questioned me .

aber wir wissen nur wenig darüber , wo die sachen hingehen .
but we know very little about where things go .
but we just know a little bit about where things go .
but we just know a little bit about where the things go .

aber eigentlich war es in dieser nacht ein noch größerer spaß .
but actually that night , it was even more fun .
but in fact , it was a lot more fun in this night .
but it was actually a big fun in this night .

denn wissen sie , das ist ein lustvoller vorgang .
that &apos;s a funny occurrence , you know .
because you know , that &apos;s a fun process .
because you know , that &apos;s a fun process .

er sagte : &quot; die haut wirkt wie ein schwamm .
he said , &quot; the skin acts like a sponge .
he said , &quot; the skin works like a pig .
he said , &quot; the skin does like a pig .

und weil wir älter werden , davon werden die windeln größer .
and as we get older , the nappies get bigger .
and because we &apos;re getting older , they &apos;re going to get bigger .
and because we &apos;re getting older , we &apos;re going to get the wind bigger .

dies ist die simulation der chesapeake bay .
this is a simulation of chesapeake bay .
this is the simulation of chesapeake bay bay .
this is the simulation of chesake bay bay .

wir müssen anfangen , die echte welt in ein spiel zu verwandeln .
we have to start making the real world more like a game .
we need to start turning the real world into a game .
we need to start to turn the real world into a game .

denn sie sind diejenigen , die auch experten für geschmack sind .
because they &apos;re the ones that are experts in flavor , too .
because they &apos;re the ones that are also experts for taste .
because they &apos;re the ones who are experts for taste .

&quot; weil sie sie seit heute morgen halten &quot; , sagte er .
&quot; because you have been holding it since this morning , &quot; he said .
&quot; because they &apos;ve been talking for tomorrow , &quot; he said .
&quot; because they &apos;ve been listening to this morning , &quot; he said .

eine regierung ist absolut notwendig , aber die muss effizienter werden .
we can &apos;t do without government , but we do need it to be more effective .
a government is absolutely necessary , but it has to be more efficient .
a government is absolutely necessary , but the need to be more efficient .

ein alles , was im leben schön ist , ist nicht effizient .
a all the beautiful things in life are inefficient .
everything that &apos;s beautiful in life is not efficient .
one thing that &apos;s beautiful in life is not efficient .

sehr selten wird man tatsächlich zeuge eines rollenden eisbergs .
it &apos;s a very rare occasion that you get to actually witness an iceberg rolling .
very rarely , you &apos;re actually going to end up with a rolling ice age .
very rarely , you &apos;re actually going to get a red iceberg .

katzen schauen sich katzen an , die sich dieses video anschauen .
cats were watching other cats watch this video .
cats look at cats looking at this video .
cats look at cats that look at this video .

wissen sie , wie viele entscheidungen sie in einer typischen woche treffen ?
do you know how many choices you make in typical week ?
do you know how many decisions do you meet in a typical week ?
do you know how many choices you meet in a typical week ?

also , mein herr , können sie mir helfen ? ich brauche hilfe .
so , sir , can you help me ? i need help .
so , my gentleman , can you help me ? i need help .
so , my gentleman , can you help me ? i need help .

aber bisher mache ich es erst noch &apos; n bisschen neugierig .
but for now i &apos;ll just keep up the suspense .
but i &apos;m just going to do it a little bit more curious .
but i just do it just a little bit more curiosity .

und sie sagen , &quot; doktor , was soll ich tun ? &quot;
and you say , &quot; doc , what should i do ? &quot;
and they say , &quot; doctor , what should i do ? &quot;
and they say , &quot; doctor , what should i do ? &quot;

du musst dir die enormen herausforderungen vorstellen denen sie sich stellen müssen .
you have to see the enormous challenges that they &apos;re going to face .
you &apos;ve got to imagine the enormous challenges that you have to imagine .
you have to imagine the enormous challenges that you have to imagine .

ich mag wirklich deine art , sergey brin . nun .
so i like the way you roll , sergey brin . no .
i really like your way , sergey brin . now .
i really like your way , sergey brin . now .

ceos liegen etwas über durchschnitt . aber hier wird es interessant .
so ceos , a little bit better than average , but here &apos;s where it gets interesting .
ceos are something about average . but here &apos;s interesting .
ceos are a little bit about average . but this is going to be interesting .

und wenn du es schaffst , gebe ich dir hundert dollar . &quot;
when you do break it , i &apos;m going to give you a hundred bucks . &quot;
and if you made it , i &apos;ll give you a hundred dollars . &quot;
and when you do it , i give you a hundred dollars . &quot;

vor langer zeit gab es dort grauwale – vor 500 jahren .
there were gray whales in chesapeake bay a long time ago -- 500 years ago .
a long time ago , there were gray whales -- 500 years ago .
a long time ago , there were grawals there -- 500 years ago .

und , wenn wir das können , können wir das chromosom starten ?
and if we do , can we boot up a chromosome ?
and if we can do that , can we start the chromosome ?
and if we can do that , can we start the chromosome ?

im durchschnitt sind es etwa 5 tonnen für jeden auf dem planeten .
it &apos;s an average of about five tons for everyone on the planet .
it &apos;s about five tons of sound on the planet .
in average , it &apos;s about five tons of life on the planet .

es ist nur ein bündel kalorien . es ist mies .
it &apos;s just a bunch of calories . it sucks .
it &apos;s just a bloody calories . it &apos;s mics .
it &apos;s just a bloody calories . it &apos;s mimic .

möglichkeiten , die nicht erlaubt gewesen wären , wurden ausdrücklich ermutigt .
possibilities that would not have been allowed were outrageously encouraged .
possibilities that were not allowed to have been encouraged .
opportunities that were not allowed to have been encouraged .

und das beste daran ist , dass sie sich mit magneten zusammen verbinden .
and the best part about it is they snap together with magnets .
and the best thing about it is they connect with magnets .
and the best thing about this is that they connect with magnets .

wir haben also in unserer kultur eine menge romantischer ideen über individualismus .
so we have a lot of very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
so we have a lot of romantic ideas about individual capitalism .
so we have a lot of romantic ideas about individual alism .

in der kurzen zeit hier wurde mir eines klar : ted hat eine identität .
and one of the things that &apos;s emerged in my short time here is that ted has an identity .
in the short time here , i realized one : ted has a identity .
in the short period of time , i got a clear : ted has a identity .

am 10. september letzen jahres lief die maschine zum ersten mal an .
on the 10th of september last year we turned the machine on for the first time .
on september 10 . september year , the machine went to the first time .
on september 10th , september last year , the machine went to the first time .

wir leben auf einem planeten , der zu 70 prozent mit wasser bedeckt ist .
we live on a planet 70 percent covered by water .
we live on a planet , which is 70 percent covered with water .
we live on a planet that has 70 percent covered with water .

wesentliches werkzeug der informationsvermittlung sind seit jeher geschichten gewesen .
a crucial tool in information brokerage has always been stories .
the fundamental tool of information processing has been since years-long stories .
the essential tool of information is since jewelry has been stories .

aber sogar in dieser eingeschränkten ansicht können wir eine menge dinge tun .
but even in this limited view , we can do a lot of things .
but even in this one-sized view , we can do a lot of things .
but even in this devastating view , we can do a lot of things .

es ist nicht möglich ein mobiltelefon zu kaufen , das nicht zu viel tut .
it is not possible to buy a cell phone that doesn &apos;t do too much .
it &apos;s not possible to buy a mobile phone that doesn &apos;t do too much .
it &apos;s not possible to buy a mobile phone that doesn &apos;t do too much .

jeder einzelne von euch könnte über das internet bis nächsten samstag berühmt sein .
any one of you could be famous on the internet by next saturday .
every single one of you could be famous by the internet until the next saturday .
every single one of you could be famous about the internet to the next day .

er forderte octavio auf , sein stabschef zu werden .
he asked octavio to be his chief of staff .
he asked octavio to be stable .
he asked octavio to be stable .

nun , das sind drei wochen , und das sind höchstens eineinhalb stunden .
now , that is three weeks , and that is at most an hour and a half .
well , these are three weeks , and they &apos;re at least one and a half hours .
well , these are three weeks , and that &apos;s the highest and a half hours .

es ist ein erstaunliches gerät , aber es kommt einer zaubertafel gleich .
this is an amazing device , but it &apos;s the equivalent of an etch a sketch .
it &apos;s an amazing device , but it &apos;s a magic board .
it &apos;s an amazing device , but it comes from a magic board .

nun das ist grundlegende algebra , aber gehen wir es mal durch .
now that &apos;s back from high school algebra , but let &apos;s take a look .
now this is basic algebra , but let &apos;s go through it .
now this is basic algebra , but let &apos;s go through it .

das uran wird graduell verbraucht , ein bisschen wie eine kerze .
it breathes this uranium as it goes along , so it &apos;s kind of like a candle .
the uranium is going to require a little bit like a candle .
it takes a little bit like a candle .

eine außerordentliche aussage , die sie über ihr lebenswerk machen können .
an extraordinary statement to make about your life &apos;s work , you know .
an extraordinary statement that you can do about your life .
an extraordinary statement that you can do about your life work .

er sagte : &quot; nein . sie machen das , weil das essen besser ist . &quot;
he said , &quot; no ; they do it because the food &apos;s better . &quot;
he said , &quot; no . you do that because the food is better . &quot;
he said , &quot; no . they do that because the food is better . &quot;

und wissen sie , dieser teil des lebens braucht alles was der rest des lebens braucht .
and you know , that part of life needs everything that the rest of life does .
and you know , this part of life needs everything that needs the rest of life .
and you know , this part of life needs everything that needs the rest of life .

jeweils einen großen löffel voll , so heißen wir das risiko willkommen .
one big spoonful at a time , we have to embrace risk .
each one of them is a big lion , so we &apos;re going to welcome the risk .
each one of them is a big lethal , so we welcome the risk .

vaclav havel , der große tschechische politiker , hat einmal gesagt :
vaclav havel , the great czech leader , talked about this .
vaclav hack , the big chief politician , once said .
truv hav , the great chief politicians , once said .

also waren filme der weg , bilder und geschichten zusammenzuführen . das passte zusammen .
so , filmmaking was the way to put pictures and stories together , and that made sense .
so movies were the way to put images and stories together . the arts together .
so films were the way to bring images and stories together . the most appropriate together .

sie kommen aus ideen , die angetrieben werden durch die überzeugung in unseren herzen .
they come from the ideas in our mind that are also fueled by some conviction in our heart .
they come from ideas that are driven by the permission in our heart .
they come from ideas that are driven by the persuasive in our heart .

denn an einem bestimmten punkt musste ich mir sagen : &quot; was mache ich eigentlich hier ?
because i had to , at a certain point , say , &quot; what am i doing out here ?
because at a certain point , i had to tell myself , &quot; what am i doing here ?
because at a certain point , i had to say , &quot; what am i doing here ?

wobei denen die sprache untergeordnet von untergeordnetem rang war .
and for them language had inferior importance .
which is the language of underlying submersible .
whereas the language was signed by underlying ranges .

es ist kein wunder , dass jeder denkt , dass es der welt immer schlechter geht .
it &apos;s no wonder that people think that the world is getting worse .
it &apos;s not a miracle that everybody thinks it &apos;s always going to be worse .
it &apos;s not a miracle that everybody thinks it &apos;s always worse .

nicht die arbeit selbst . die war weiterhin oft so dunkel wie eh und je .
not the work , the work was still oftentimes as dark as ever .
not the work itself . it was often as dark as eh and ever .
not the work itself . it was often as dark as eh and ever .

das wurde dann abgelöst durch die antike gesellschaft und die erste form der abstraktion .
that was then replaced by the classical age and the first type of abstraction .
that was then solved by the antike society , and the first form of abstraction .
this then was solved by the antike society and the first form of abstraction .

ich denke , wir können diese welt mit energie versorgen , die sie nicht gleichzeitig zerstört .
i think we can power this world with energy that doesn &apos;t also destroy it .
i think we can do this world with energy that they don &apos;t destroy at the same time .
i think we can make this world with energy that doesn &apos;t destroy them at the same time .

aber wenn ich dies geben könnte und sie sicher durchbringen könnte , würde ich es tun .
but if i could give it and still see them safely through , i would .
but if i could give this , and she could make sure , i would do it .
but if i could give this , and you could get it through , i would do it .

und was was sind unsere werte und was sind was ist unsere zielsetzung , unsere grundlage ?
and what what are our values and what are what are our objectives , our fundamental principles ?
and what are our values and what are our conversations , our foundation ?
and what are our values and what is our target , our basis , our basis ?

wir stellen uns epische siege vor und geben menschen die möglichkeiten , sie zu erreichen .
we want to imagine epic wins , and then give people the means to achieve the epic win .
we &apos;re looking at episode and giving people the opportunities to reach them .
we ask ourselves episode and give people the opportunities to achieve them .

sie waren dort im februar , und es hat letzten februar viel geschneit .
they were there in february , and it snowed a lot in february last year .
they were there in february , and there &apos;s been a lot of january in february .
they were there in february , and it &apos;s been a lot of time in february .

der zweite satz lautet also , wenn klaus recht hat , dann hat er keine seele .
now we have the third theorem .
so the second sentence is , if the sound is right , it doesn &apos;t have a soul .
so the second sentence is , if it &apos;s right , it doesn &apos;t have a soul .

und dann in meinen schlimmsten momenten : wie konnte ich so einen dummen fehler machen ?
and then at my worst moments : why did i make such a stupid mistake ?
and then in my worst moments , how could i make a stupid mistake ?
and then in my worst moments , how could i make a stupid mistake ?

und wenn das auto und der fahrer gut genug waren , dann gewannen sie das rennen .
and if the car and the driver were good enough , then you &apos;d win the race .
and if the car and the driver were good enough , they won the race .
and if the car and the driver were good enough , they won the race .

sie sagen : » nein – sagen sie den menschen , dass wir damit aufgewachsen sind . «
they tell me to say , &quot; no , tell them that we grew up with that . &quot;
they say , &quot; no -- tell people that we grew up with it . &quot;
they say , &quot; no -- tell the people that we grew up with it . &quot;

das räumliche denken ist eng damit verbunden , wie wir einen großteil unserer umgebung verstehen .
spatial reasoning is deeply connected to how we understand a lot of the world around us .
the spatial thinking is connected to how we understand a lot of our environment .
the wheel thinking is connected to how we understand most of our environment .

es ist fast eine ideologische reaktion so wie antikörper , die einen menschen attackieren .
and it &apos;s almost like an ideological reaction , like the antibodies begin to attack that person .
it &apos;s almost an ideological response as antibodies that attack people .
it &apos;s almost an ideological reaction like antibodies that attack a man .

wenn ich sie als kleiner junge traf , kam sie auf mich zu und umarmte mich .
when i would see her as a little boy , she &apos;d come up to me and she &apos;d give me these hugs .
if i met her as a little boy , she came up to me and i was hugged .
when i met her as little boy , she came to me and hug me .

endlich vermischt sich die positive alternative mit unserer wirtschaftlichen herausforderung und unserer herausforderung der nationalen sicherheit .
finally , the positive alternative meshes with our economic challenge and our national security challenge .
finally , the positive alternative of our economic challenge and our challenge of national security .
finally , the positive alternative with our economic challenge and our challenge of national security .

aber auch wenn man diese angaben umsetzt , bleibt es immer noch bloß etwas technisches .
but even if you implement these indications , it still just remains something technical .
but also , if you reverse these attacks , it still remains something technical .
but also , if you put these attacks , it still remains something more technical .

wissen sie , wie die menschen oft sagen , &quot; ich weiß nicht wie ich es beschränken soll .
you know , often , people say , &quot; i don &apos;t know how to cut .
you know , people often say , &quot; i don &apos;t know how to fix it .
you know how people often say , &quot; i don &apos;t know how to limited it .

in den letzten jahren haben wir also angefangen , über das glück der beiden arten des selbst zu lernen .
so in recent years , we have begun to learn about the happiness of the two selves .
so in the last years , we &apos;ve started learning about the happiness of both species .
so in the last few years , we started to learn about the happiness of both kinds of self .

die zweite geschichte soll ein anderes konzept , die veränderbare taillenweite , verdeutlichen .
the second story , also to illustrate another concept , is called shifting waistline .
the second story is to be a different concept , the changing tags , germanic .
the second story is to make another concept , the changing tags , german .

und danach sahen wir uns an in welchem fall die menschen eher ein glas marmelade kauften .
the next thing we looked at is in which case were people more likely to buy a jar of jam .
and after that , we looked at what people would buy a glass of marker .
and after that , we looked at the case that people were going to buy a glass march .

meiner meinung nach ist der mossad involviert , aber die treibende kraft ist nicht israel .
my opinion is that the mossad is involved , but that the leading force is not israel .
in my opinion , the mosquito is involved , but the grain is not israel .
i think the mosquito is involved , but the driving force is not israel .

die hießen damals alle kfa , auch die jülich hieß kfa .
they were all called kfas at the time , the place in jülich was also called a kfa .
it was all the kfa at the time , the jewish was called kfa .
at the time , all the kfa was called the junifa .

in meiner schulzeit fuhr ich mit dem bus zur schule , jeden tag eine stunde pro strecke .
in high school , i took a bus to school an hour each way every day .
in my school , i went to school at school every day a hour of hour .
in my school , i went to school every day , every day an hour per hour .

technologie ist nicht die art , wie man etwas beschreiben sollte , das sich jemand unter die achseln tut .
technology &apos;s not the way you want to describe something somebody &apos;s putting in their armpit .
technology is not the way you should describe something that someone &apos;s doing under the box .
technology is not the way you should describe something that somebody does under the box .

und das , obwohl keine davon irgendeine pharmazeutische ... es sind bloß zuckerpillen .
even though neither one of these things has any pharmaceutical -- they &apos;re sugar pills .
and that , although none of those pharmaceutical things -- it &apos;s just sugar pills .
and that , although any pharmaceutical ... it &apos;s just sugar pills .

in den vereinigten staaten strengt man sich an , das erlebnis-glück der bevölkerung zu messen .
in the united states , efforts are being made to measure the experience happiness of the population .
in the united states , you get to measure the experience of happiness in the population .
in the united states , you get to measure the experience of the population of the population .

der doktor sagt , a hat diese vorteile und risiken und b hat jene vorteile und risiken .
and the doc says , &quot; a has these benefits and risks , and b has these benefits and risks .
the doctor says , a has these benefits and b and b has the benefits and risks .
the doctor says that a has this benefits and risks and risk that has the benefits and risks .

die eigentliche bedeutung des worts &quot; <unk> ate &quot; wurzelt in dem wort &quot; educe &quot; .
in fact , the exact meaning of the word &quot; educate &quot; comes from the root word &quot; educe . &quot;
the real meaning of the word &quot; peace &quot; rocks in the word &quot; educe . &quot;
the real meaning of what the word is , &quot; roots root in the word &quot; trade . &quot;

und sie entwickelten spezielle strukturen , welche nichts anderes machten , als informationen innerhalb des organismus zu verarbeiten .
and they began building very special structures that did nothing but process information within the community .
and they developed specialized structures that don &apos;t do anything else , as information within the organism .
and they developed special structures that didn &apos;t do anything else than working within the organism .

steve pinker hat uns gezeigt , dass wir derzeit in einer sehr friedlichen zeit der menschengeschichte leben .
steve pinker has showed us that , in fact , we &apos;re living during the most peaceful time ever in human history .
steve pinker showed us that we &apos;re currently living in a very peaceful time of human history .
steve pinker has shown us that we &apos;re currently living in a very satisfying time of human history .

fügen sie diesen buzzer für einen zusätzlichen effekt hinzu und sie haben eine lärmmaschine hergestellt .
add this buzzer for some extra punch and you &apos;ve created a noise machine .
put this buzzman for an extra effect , and they made a loud machine .
add this buzzler for an extra effect , and they made a noise machine .

weil der phosphor wird bei den schweinen über die festen bestandteile exkremente abgegeben .
because with pigs , phosphorus is released in their solid components faeces .
because the phosphorus is given to the pigs about the hardest parts .
because the phosphorus is given to the pigs about the solid parts of exposure .

also zum beispiel die nummer 164 sticht sehr heraus aus diesem code ; man kann es nicht übersehen .
so for example , the number 164 really stands out in that code ; you can &apos;t overlook it .
so for example , the number 164 sticks out of this code , you can &apos;t see it .
so for example , the number 164 sticks very out of this code ; you can &apos;t see it .

entweder &quot; floral fusion &quot; oder einen &quot; paradise winds &quot; , sie werden die wahl haben .
whether it &apos;s a &quot; floral fusion &quot; or a &quot; paradise winds , &quot; they &apos;ll have their chance .
either you &apos;re going to have &quot; flood &quot; or a &quot; paradise , &quot; you &apos;re going to have the choice .
either &quot; flesh &quot; or a &quot; paradise winds , &quot; you &apos;ll have the choice .

und als teil davon verschafften sie uns ein konzept das von anatomischen gemeinsamkeiten handelte .
so as part of that , they were coming to us with a concept that was about anatomical commonality .
and as part of this , they made us a concept of anatomic commons .
and as part of that , they created a concept of anatomic common action .

beides sind starke untertreibungen , weil wir das problem nicht so genau betrachten , wie wir es sollten .
in both cases , these are gross underestimates , because we really aren &apos;t ferreting out the problem as we should .
both of these are strong fuels , because we don &apos;t really look at the problem as we should .
both of these are strong conversations , because we don &apos;t look at the problem just as we should .

sowas nennt man gestaltgesetz oder eben gestaltpsychologie , die uns auch eben wiederum in der wahrnehmung beeinflusst .
this is called a law of design or gestalt psychology , which in turn affects our perception .
it &apos;s called the elderly law or just recently psychology that affects us in perception as well .
it &apos;s called an old law , or it &apos;s called unexploring psychology that we &apos;re also influenced in perception .

tatsächlich aber , meiner forschung am institut für die zukunft zufolge , ist genau das gegenteil zutreffend .
but actually , according to my research at the institute for the future , it &apos;s actually the opposite is true .
but in fact , my research institute at the future is exactly the opposite .
but in fact , my research on the institute for the future is the opposite .

sie hörte von diesem buch von charles darwin , die entstehung der arten und die abstammung des menschen .
she heard about this book by charles darwin , the origin of species and the descent of man .
they heard about this book from charles darwin , the emergence of species and the degradation of the people .
she heard of this book from charles darwin , the emergence of the species and the triggers of the human .

den ozean aber , einen echten ozean , bekam ich erst zwei jahre später zu gesicht , als wir nach kalifornien zogen .
and i didn &apos;t see the ocean , a real ocean , for another two years , until we moved to california .
but the ocean , a real ocean , i only got two years later , when we moved to california .
but the ocean , a real ocean , i got only two years later , when we moved to california .

wer weiß , wenn der film dann raus kommt , sehen wir vielleicht wie eine horde vollidioten aus .
who knows , maybe by the time your film comes out , we look like a bunch of blithering idiots .
you know , when the film comes out , we might see a hormone volcanoe .
who knows when the film comes out , we might see a hormone volcandidate .

passiert ist das maschinenzeitalter und passiert ist das buch und passiert ist die ist die fotolitografie .
then the machine age happened and the book and then we had photolithography .
this is what happens to the machine age , and it &apos;s the book that happens , and it &apos;s the olith gray gray .
it &apos;s happened to be the machine age , and it &apos;s happened to be the book , and it &apos;s the phototography .

für diese nicht-ingenieure , wurde littlebits ein weiteres material , elektronik wurde einfach ein weiteres material .
to these non-engineers , littlebits became another material , electronics became just another material .
for those non-engineers , little-shaped material became another material , electronics was just another material .
for these non-engineers , litted became another material , electronics was just a different material .

und sie können in die vergangenheit gehen , sie können in die zukunft gehen ; sie können nicht im hier und jetzt bleiben ,
and you can go backwards , you can go forwards ; you cannot stay where you are .
and you can go to the past , you can go into the future ; you can &apos;t stay in here and now .
and you can go to the past , you can go to the future ; you can &apos;t stay in here and stay here .

ich habe versucht deutlich zu machen , wie wertvoll städte sind , um wie viel wertvoller sie sind als sie kosten .
i tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are , how much more valuable they are than they cost .
i &apos;ve been trying to make it clear , like valuable cities , to be as much valuable as they are as they are .
i &apos;ve tried to make clear how valuable cities are , how much value they are than they cost .

es gibt extra einen verein dazu , cradle-to-cradle-verein , wo jeder mitmachen kann .
there &apos;s also an extra association , the cradle-to-cradle-institute , where everybody can get involved .
there &apos;s a devastating , cradle cradle , where everyone can do .
there &apos;s an extra one to do cradle cradle where anyone can do it .

dass ich auf einmal dass das aussehen immer unwichtiger für den erfolg , gerade die usability eine applikation wird .
that i can suddenly that the appearance is becoming increasingly irrelevant for success , and usability is becoming an application .
that i think that &apos;s always more important for success , which is the useless application .
that &apos;s when i look at that , it &apos;s always more important for success , which is just going to be a application .

hier ein spektakuläres bild des atlas in der konstruktion damit sie die größenverhältnisse sehen .
spectacular picture here of atlas under construction so you can see the scale .
this is a spectacular picture of the atlas in the construction so that you can see the size of scale .
here &apos;s a spectacular image of the atlas reading in the construction so you can see the scale of scale .

und das letzte spiel bringen wir am 3. märz heraus . es ist ein spiel in zusammenarbeit mit der weltbank .
so , finally , the last game , we &apos;re launching it march 3rd . this is a game done with the world bank institute .
and the last game is , we &apos;re bringing out on the 30th , and it &apos;s a game in collaboration with the world bank .
and the last game we &apos;re going to bring out on the 30s . march . it &apos;s a game in collaboration with the world bank .

somit sind dies alles flickr-bilder , und sie alle stehen räumlich auf diese weise in beziehung zueinander .
and so these are all flickr images , and they &apos;ve all been related spatially in this way .
so these are all flickr-images , and they &apos;re all standing up in this way .
so these are all flickr-like images , and they &apos;re all surrounded in this way in each other .

aber dies drückt nicht stark genug die ernsthaftigkeit dieses speziellen problems aus , da es nicht die dicke des eises zeigt .
but this understates the seriousness of this particular problem because it doesn &apos;t show the thickness of the ice .
but this doesn &apos;t make enough of the serious problem of this particular problem , because it doesn &apos;t show the thick of the ice .
but this is not very strong enough of this particular problem , because it doesn &apos;t show the thickness of the egg .

während ich später darüber nachdachte , fiel mir ein spruch ein , der lautet : &quot; ich sammle schlechte weine &quot; .
as i thought about that later on , i came up with a saying , which is , &quot; i collect bad wines . &quot;
as i was thinking about it later , i was a statement that said , &quot; i collecting bad wells . &quot;
while i was thinking about it , i was going to get a saying , &quot; i have a bad wine . &quot;

nun , das mittagessen steht bevor und ich denke ich höre hier jetzt auf , bevor ich noch rausgewählt werde .
so lunch is coming along , and i think i will stop at that point , before i get selected out .
well , the lunch is before i think i &apos;m going to stop here before i &apos;m going to be chosen .
now , the lunch is before i think i &apos;m going to stop here before i &apos;m going to pick up .

sie können hier sehen , er beginnt zu rollen , und das boot hat sich zur anderen seite bewegt , der mann steht dort .
you can see here , it begins to roll , and the boat has moved to the other side , and the man is standing there .
you can see here , he begins to roll , and the boat has moved to the other side , the man is there .
you can see here , he begins to roll , and the boat moved to the other side , the man stands there .

jetzt weiß ich &apos; s und jetzt projieziere ich nach vorne , dass ich den dalmatiner sehe .
now i know it and project the fact that i &apos;m seeing a dalmatian to the front .
now i know it , and now i &apos;m going to get into the front of the room , i &apos;m looking at the dalmaer .
now , i know it , and now i &apos;m going to look forward to the front that i see the daler .

das ist der erste ökologische rucksack , tatsächlich , der dafür gemacht ist , in den kreislauf zurückzugehen .
it &apos;s the first biological rucksack , truly , that was made to be returned into the life cycle .
this is the first ecology rusty , which is actually made to go back into the cycle .
this is the first ecological rocket , which is actually made for it to go back into the cycle .

design ist der schlüssel , und wenn man mit digitaler information im computer starten will muss diese digitale information wirklich fehlerfrei sein .
design is critical , and if you &apos;re starting with digital information in the computer , that digital information has to be really accurate .
design is the key , and if you want to start with digital information in the computer , this digital information really has to be free .
design is the key , and if you want to start with digital information in the computer , this digital information really has to be miserable .

überall wo wir hinsehen , große dinge und kleine dinge , materielle dinge und lebensstil , leben ist eine frage der wahl .
so everywhere we look , big things and small things , material things and lifestyle things , life is a matter of choice .
anywhere we see , big things and small things , material and lifestyle and lifestyle , life is a question of choice .
wherever we see , big things and small things , material things and lifestyle , life , is a question of choice .

wenn sie in einem kriminalfall verdächtigt werden , dann wird mit ziemlicher sicherheit ihr telefon angezapft .
if you are a suspect in a criminal case , well it &apos;s pretty obvious , your phone will be tapped .
if you &apos;re suspected in a criminal case , you &apos;re going to do with a goat security telephone .
if you &apos;re suspected in a criminal case , you &apos;re going to have a security security of security .

ich habe sie aber überzeugt , indem ich sagte : &quot; wir tauchen zu dem wrack . wir filmen das echte wrack .
but i convinced them . i said , &quot; we &apos;re going to dive to the wreck . we &apos;re going to film it for real .
but i convinced them to be convinced by saying , &quot; let &apos;s go to the mack . we filed the real job .
but i &apos;ve convinced them , by saying , &quot; we &apos;re going to go back to the rick . we &apos;re filming the real thing .

und während ich für google arbeitete , versuchte ich diese sehnsucht – kunst zugänglicher zu machen – mit technologie zusammen zu führen .
and while working at google , i tried to put this desire to make it more accessible with technology together .
and while i was working for google , i was trying to make this segment -- to make art more responsible -- to do with technology .
and while i was working for google , i was trying to take this sixth -- art to make sure -- with technology .

aber das ist ein essenziell wichtiges bestandteil , wenn man dinge eben entsprechend auch möglichst intuitiv gestalten möchte .
but it &apos;s an essential component , if you want to design things as intuitively as possible .
but that &apos;s an essential component , if you just want to design things to be intuitively intuitive .
but that &apos;s a key thing to do , if you want to make things intuitively intuitively intuitive .

und das tolle dabei ist , dass die verbrechensrate in den favelas um über neunzig prozent zurückgeht .
and the great thing about it is that the crime rate in the favelas goes down by over ninety percent .
and the great thing about this is that the criminal rate rate goes back in the favelas around neanderthals .
and the great thing about this is that the vertical rate in the favelas is about nine-percent .

schließlich sagte sie : » das letzte , was du mir versprechen musst , ist « dass du niemals alkohol trinken wirst . «
then finally she said , &quot; the third thing i want you to promise me is that you &apos;ll never drink alcohol . &quot;
finally , she said , &quot; the last thing you &apos;ve got to talk to me is , &quot; you &apos;re never going to drink alcohol . &quot;
finally , she said , &quot; the last thing you have to talk to me is you never will drink alcohol . &quot;

und wie treten wir damit in beziehung ohne darüber unseren verstand zu verlieren , sondern uns im gegenteil sogar bei geistiger gesundheit zu halten ?
and how are we to relate to it in a way that will not make us lose our minds , but , in fact , might actually keep us sane ?
and how do we deal with it without losing our minds , but even in the contrast of mental health ?
and how are we going to lose relationship with it without losing our minds , but to keep ourselves in mind with mental health ?

ich antwortete ihm , &quot; nun haben sie politisches asyl in erwägung gezogen anstatt einer operation um sie zu trennen ? &quot;
my response to him was , &quot; well , have you considered political asylum instead of a separation surgery ? &quot;
i said to him , &quot; well , did you write political asyl instead of separating an operation ? &quot;
i answered him , &quot; now , did you put political asyl in action rather than a surgery to separate them ? &quot;

lassen sie uns nun unseren blick auf die rollstuhlfahrer richten , etwas , für das ich mich besonders leidenschaftlich einsetze .
now let &apos;s turn our heads towards the wheelchair users , something that i &apos;m particularly passionate about .
now let &apos;s look at the wheelchair of wheelchair , something that i &apos;m particularly passionate about .
now let &apos;s look at our view of the wheelchair driver , something that i &apos;m particularly passionate about .

in unserem bemühen um demokratie haben wir unsere sache richtig gut gemacht , und ich denke , wir würden unsere sache in der zukunft gut machen .
we &apos;ve done a really good job struggling with democracy , and i think we would do a good job in the future .
in our effort for democracy , we &apos;ve done our thing right , and i think we &apos;re going to do our things in the future .
in our effort for democracy , we made our thing really well , and i think we would do our thing in the future .

ich sehe sie als ein puzzle der realität , bei dem man verschiedene stücke nehmen und zusammensetzen kann , um eine alternative realität zu kreieren .
i just see it as a puzzle of reality where you can take different pieces of reality and put it together to create alternate reality .
i look at it as a puzzle of reality where you can take different pieces and put together to create an alternative reality .
i see them as a puzzle of reality where you can take different pieces and put together to create an alternative reality .

nicht , wenn ich hier lokal ökologisch denke und der nachbar denkt weniger ökologisch , dann funktioniert das ganze nicht mehr .
not , if i am environmentally aware here on the local level and the neighbour is less environmentally aware , the whole thing will no longer work .
not if i think local ecologically and the neighbor thinks less ecologically , it doesn &apos;t work anymore .
not if i think local ecologically and thinking less ecologically , it doesn &apos;t work anymore .

diese kommunikation erlaubte nun das gründen von gemeinschaften , welche in gewissem sinne im selben boot waren ; sie waren synergetisch .
now what this communication allowed was communities to form that , in some sense , were in the same boat together ; they were synergistic .
this communication now allowed the communities that were in a certain sense in the same boat ; they were synergy .
now this communication allowed the reasons of communities that were in a certain sense in the same boat ; they were synership .

vielleicht können wir das gedankengut aus 500 jahren rationalen humanismus nicht einfach in einem 18-minütigen vortrag auslöschen .
maybe we can &apos;t just erase 500 years of rational humanistic thought in one 18 minute speech .
maybe we can do that well from 500 years of rational humanism , not just in an 18-minute talk .
maybe we can eradicate this out of 500 years of rational humanism , not just in an 18-minute talk .

in den letzten 5 jahren haben wir 70 millionen tonnen an co2 produziert alle 24 stunden -- 25 millionen tonnen jeden tag in die ozeane .
in the last five years we &apos;ve added 70 million tons of co2 every 24 hours -- 25 million tons every day to the oceans .
in the last five years , we &apos;ve produced 70 million tons of co2 every 24 hours -- 25 million tons every day in the oceans .
in the last five years , we produced 70 million tons of co2 every 24 hours -- 25 million tons of tons every day in the oceans .

und peter erzählt : &quot; keines der kinder investiert zeit darin chef der spaghetti gmbh zu sein &quot; .
and peter likes to say that none of the kids spend any time trying to be ceo of spaghetti , inc . right ?
and peter &apos;s told , &quot; none of the children &apos;s kids are investing at the spaghetti gmbmbh . &quot;
and peter says , &quot; no one of the kids are investing at the spaghetti gmb . &quot;

ungefähr eine woche später gab es ein problem mit der maschine welches mit diesen drähten hier zu tun hatte -- diese goldenen drähte hier
about a week later we had a problem with the machine , related actually to these bits of wire here -- these gold wires .
about a week later , there was a problem with the machine that had to do with these drouses here -- these golden ones here .
about a week later , there was a problem with the machine that had to do with these wires here -- these golden plates here .

und er sagt : &quot; wir werden zeugen von nicht weniger als einer massenemigration in virtuelle welten und online-spielumgebungen . &quot;
and he says , &quot; we &apos;re witnessing what amounts to no less than a mass exodus to virtual worlds and online game environments . &quot;
and he says , &quot; we &apos;re not going to be less than a mass migration in virtual worlds and online game environments . &quot;
and he says , &quot; we &apos;re not going to be used by less than a mass migration in virtual worlds and online play . &quot;

er hatte gerade eine vorführung von beethovens erster und vierter sinfonie gehört und kam hinter die bühne , um sich mir vorzustellen .
he had just heard a performance of beethoven &apos;s first and fourth symphonies , and came backstage and introduced himself .
he had just heard a demonstration of beethoven &apos;s first and four senses and came behind the stage to imagine me .
he had just heard a introduction of beethoven and fourth sincerony and came behind the stage to imagine me .

dann sah er mir ins gesicht und sagte : » oh nein , du machst dich doch nicht immer noch verrückt wegen der unterhaltung mit oma ? «
then he looked at me real hard and he said , &quot; oh , i hope you &apos;re not still hung up on that conversation mama had with you . &quot;
and then he saw me in the face , and he said , &quot; oh no , you &apos;re not going to do it still because of the conversation with oma ? &quot;
and then he saw me in the face , and he said , &quot; oh no , don &apos;t you do you still don &apos;t get you crazy because of the entertainoma ? &quot;

der grund ist , ich helfe digitale werkzeuge und prozesse erstellen , um teams zu helfen , autos , videospiele und &quot; visual <unk> &quot; zu erstellen .
and the reason is , i help create digital tools and processes to help teams build cars and video games and visual effects .
the reason is , i create digital tools and processes to help team teams , video games and play .
the reason is , i create helmet digital tools and processes to help teams , cars , video games and video games .

das ist eigentlich nicht notwendig , weil jede jede jeder kaffeeautomat hat eigentlich höher entwickelte technologie als die meisten laborgeräte , das ist wirklich so .
that &apos;s not necessary in fact , because every every every coffee machine actually uses more advanced technology than most laboratory devices , that &apos;s really true .
it &apos;s actually not necessary because each of every coffee machine has actually developed higher than most lab devices , that &apos;s really like this .
this is actually not necessary because every coffee coffee has actually developed higher technology than most of the lab that is really .

wir wussten von einem mechanismus der homologe rekombination genannt wird , den die biologie verwendet um dna zu reparieren , die solche stücke zusammenfügen kann .
we knew there &apos;s a mechanism called homologous recombination that biology uses to repair dna that can put pieces together .
we knew of a mechanism called homretina combination , which is used to repair the biology to repair the dna that can put these pieces together .
we knew from a mechanism called homiologist recombines to repair biology to repair dna that can put together like this .

wir hatten also zum beispiel designer mit keinerlei erfahrung in elektronischen dingen , die anfingen , mit littlebits als material zu spielen .
so for example , we &apos;ve had designers with no experience with electronics whatsoever start to play with littlebits as a material .
so , for example , we had designers with no experience in electronic things that started playing with livious materials .
so , for example , we had designers with no experience in electronic things that started playing with littable materials as a material .

wir alle wollen stars sein - berühmtheiten , sänger , comedians - als ich jung war , schien das so unendlich schwierig .
we all want to be stars -- celebrities , singers , comedians -- and when i was younger , that seemed so very , very hard to do .
we all want to be the stars -- famous , singers , comedians , comedians -- when i was young , that seemed so undifficult .
we all want to be stars -- famous , danger , comedians , comedians -- when i was young , that seemed so undifficult .

ich habe gewettet , dass ich alles andere , was ich vielleicht tragen wollte , finden würde , wenn ich erst einmal nach palm springs käme .
i was betting that i &apos;d be able to find everything else i could possible want to wear once i got here to palm springs .
i &apos;ve come up with anything that i might want to carry on , if i was just going to go back to palm .
i &apos;ve got tissues that i wanted everything else i wanted to wear , if i just went to palm palm .

während schimpansen von großen , furcht einflößenden kerlen geführt werden , wird die bonobo-gesellschaft von ermächtigten weibchen geführt .
while chimpanzees are dominated by big , scary guys , bonobo society is run by empowered females .
as chimpanzees of great , austrian cereal guys are led , the bonobo-society is led by empowering feminine female .
while chimpanzees of big fear are led , the bonobo-boarding society has led by a powerful female .

unser system wird aber nicht nur geformt durch fragen , die mit rassenzugehörigkeit zu tun haben , es wird auch durch armut entstellt .
our system isn &apos;t just being shaped in these ways that seem to be distorting around race , they &apos;re also distorted by poverty .
but our system is not just going to be shaped by questions that have to do with ravelocity , it will also be by poverty .
but our system is not only reformed by questions that have to do with ratio , it will also be deployed by poverty .

keine dieser extremen entscheidungen , gehört zu den entscheidungen , die jemand von menschen empfehlen würde , wenn uns ihr zukünftiges finanzielles wohlergehen wichtig ist .
now neither of these extreme decisions are the kinds of decisions that any of us would recommend for people when you &apos;re considering their future financial well-being .
none of these extreme decisions , belong to the decisions that someone would recommend to people if they are important to us their future well-being .
no one of those extreme decisions , belonging to the decisions that someone would recommend by people if we &apos;re going to have their future fundraising prosperity .

jetzt stellt sich heraus , dass selbst wenn sie sich entschliessen teilzunehmen , wenn mehr möglichkeiten zur auswahl standen , selbst dann , hat es negative konsequenzen .
now it turns out that even if you do choose to participate when there are more choices present , even then , it has negative consequences .
now , it turns out that even when you get to participate , if more choices were to choice , even , it has negative consequences .
now , it turns out that even if you participate , if you have more choices to choice , even it has negative consequences .

wissen sie , es gibt da noch viele herausforderungen , aber es ist ein beispiel von vielen hunderten von konzepten , die wir brauchen , um vorwärts zu kommen .
so , you know , it &apos;s got lots of challenges ahead , but it is an example of the many hundreds and hundreds of ideas that we need to move forward .
you know , there &apos;s a lot of challenges there , but it &apos;s an example of many concepts that we need to get forward .
you know , there &apos;s a lot of challenges , but it &apos;s an example of many hundreds of concepts that we need to come forward .

um also das blinken zu beschleunigen oder zu verlangsamen , drehen sie einfach an diesem knopf und er macht den impuls schneller oder langsamer .
so to make this blink faster or slower , you would just turn this knob and basically make it pulse faster or slower .
so to slow down to accelerate or slow down , just turn it on this button , and it drives the power faster or slower .
so to accelerate the blind or slow down to slow down , just turn it down to this button , and it makes the impulse faster or slow down .

unsere fähigkeit genetischen code zu schreiben hat sich sehr langsam entwickelt aber trotzdem gesteigert . und unser letzter punkt würde jetzt auf eine exponentielle kurve setzen .
our ability to write the genetic code has been moving pretty slowly but has been increasing , and our latest point would put it on , now , an exponential curve .
our ability to write genetic code has been very slow down , but still , and our final point would now put on a exponential curve .
our genetic code has evolved very slowly , but our final point would now sit on an exponential curve .

das erregte unsere aufmerksamkeit und wir begannen ein labor- projekt , in dem wir unsere umgebung mit stuxnet infizierten , und untersuchten dieses konstrukt .
so that got our attention , and we started a lab project where we infected our environment with stuxnet and checked this thing out .
and that reformed our attention , and we started a lab project where we &apos;re looking at our environment with stuffinous infide , and investigating this investigation .
this led our attention , and we started a lab project where we studied our environment with stuffints , and we studied this .

wenn ich ins nächste jahrzehnt vorausschaue , bin ich mir bei zwei dingen sicher : dass wir jede vorstellbare zukunft erschaffen können , und dass wir alle möglichen spiele spielen können .
when i look forward to the next decade , i know two things for sure : that we can make any future we can imagine , and we can play any games we want .
when i look at the next decade , i &apos;m sure that we can create every imaginable future , and that we can play all kinds of games .
if i look at the next decade , i &apos;m sure that we can create any imaginable future , and that we can play all kinds of games .

erstens , wie geschmeidig sie verläuft – in guten wie in schlechten zeiten , krieg oder frieden , rezession , depression und hochkonjunktur .
number one , how smooth it is -- through good time and bad time , war time and peace time , recession , depression and boom time .
first of all , how they lost -- in good times like bad times , war , war or peace , depression , depression and high conjunction .
first of all , as you get lost -- in good times in bad times , war or peace , reference , depression and high configuration .

wir haben eine falsche anzeige mit sehr hoher resolution entworfen , die viel höher als bei einer normalen anzeige ist und wir haben zusätzlichen inhalt hinzugefügt .
we &apos;ve made up a fake ad that &apos;s very high resolution -- much higher than you &apos;d be able to get in an ordinary ad -- and we &apos;ve embedded extra content .
we designed a false display with very high hostile , which is much higher than a normal display , and we added additional content .
we designed a false show with very high school that is much higher than a normal show , and we &apos;ve added additional content .

diese könnten kurierdienste sein , oder techniker zum beispiel , nur um sicherzustellen , dass der gemeldete aed sich immer noch an seiner stelle befindet .
these might be courier services or cable guys for instance , just to see whether the aed that &apos;s submitted still is in place .
this may be the most cooperative , or technician , for example , to make sure that the melted man would still be on his place .
this could be the cuban services , or technicians , for example , just to make sure that the geese was still in his place .

es war mitten in der nacht und sie stand im schlafanzug und barfuß unter einem schirm draußen im strömenden regen , während ihr haus in flammen stand .
here it was , the middle of the night , she was standing outside in the pouring rain , under an umbrella , in her pajamas , barefoot , while her house was in flames .
it was in the middle of the night , and it was standing in the bedroom and barefoot under a screen outside the streams in the rain , while your house was in flamms .
it was in the middle of the night , and she was standing in the battle and barbarrier , under a screen outside the rain , while her house was in flames .

denn , natürlich , ist sie nicht etwas , das man wirklich einfangen kann , aber ich möchte es immer so aussehen lassen , als ob sie das hätte können , auf einem foto .
because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can capture really , but i always want it to look like it could have been captured somehow as a photograph .
because , of course , it &apos;s not something that you can really catch , but i always want to look at it as if you could have this on a photograph .
because , of course , it &apos;s not something that you can really catch , but i always want to let it look like you could have seen this on a photograph .

und wir hoffen natürlich , dass wir halt uns dann ähnlich auch ausbreiten und dann auch ähnlich gut vernetzt sind , so dass halt auch mehr dran leute involviert werden können .
and of course we hope that we &apos;ll expand in a similar way and also be similarly networked , so that more people can get involved .
and we hope , of course , that we &apos;re also spreading down , and then we &apos;re also very much connected , so that more people can be involved .
and we hope , of course , that we &apos;re going to change too much more and then are similar to the same as well as that people can be involved .

manche weigern sich aufzugeben und klammern bis zum bitteren ende , während andere es nicht mehr aushalten und in einem anfall dramatischer leidenschaft zusammenstürzen .
some refuse to give up and hold on to the bitter end , while others can &apos;t take it anymore and crumble in a fit of dramatic passion .
some refers like to give up and claim to the bitter , as other people don &apos;t think of it , and in a dramatic passion .
some of them tend to give up and clapping up to the bitter , while others don &apos;t stop there , and in a case of dramatic passion .

und das ist nicht schlecht für ein projekt , bei dem fast jede werbeagentur , mit der wir sprachen , ihren kunden empfohlen hat , die finger davon zu lassen .
and not bad for a project that almost every ad agency we talked to advised their clients not to take part .
and that &apos;s not bad for a project where almost every advertising that we talked to , has their clients to let the fingers .
and that &apos;s not bad for a project where almost every commercial agency we talked to their clients , to let the fingers of it .

stellen sie sich dieses gerät vor . mitten in einem entwicklungsland , wo es keine ärzte gibt , jedoch 25 prozent der krankheitslast und 1,3 prozent der mitarbeiter des gesundheitswesens .
so literally , imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , 25 percent of the disease burden and 1.3 percent of the health care workers .
imagine this device . in the middle of a developing country , where there is no doctors , but 25 percent of the disease burden and 1.3 percent of the staff of health care .
imagine this device . in the middle of a developing country , where there &apos;s no doctors , but 25 percent of the disease and 1.3 percent of the staff of health care .

ein sahnespender , wenn man den voll macht mit wasser , hat der genug druck , also ich glaube , so vierzig bis sechtzig bar etwa drauf .
a whipped cream dispenser , when you fill it up with water , it has enough pressure , i think about forty to sixty bar .
a saesman who , if you do the full of the power of water , has enough pressure , so i think it &apos;s four to four to six .
a safer pencil , if you make the full of water with water , it has enough pressure , so i think that &apos;s four to four to six .

aber diese apps sind wie kleine digitale erinnerungen , dass wir nicht nur konsumenten sind , und wir nicht nur konsumenten der regierung sind , die steuern bezahlen und leistungen empfangen .
but these apps are like little digital reminders that we &apos;re not just consumers , and we &apos;re not just consumers of government , putting in our taxes and getting back services .
but these apps are like little digital memories , that we &apos;re not just consumers , and we &apos;re not only consumers of government who pay control and recommend .
but these apps are like little digital memories that we &apos;re not just consumers , and we &apos;re not just consumers of the government who pay taxes and recommendation .

und sehr oft habe ich mit intersexuellen menschen gearbeitet , deren geschlecht atypisch ist -- also menschen , die nicht die durchschnittlichen männlichen oder weiblichen körpertypen aufweisen .
and a lot of what i &apos;ve worked on is people who have atypical sex -- so people who don &apos;t have the standard male or the standard female body types .
and very often , i &apos;ve been working with sexual human beings , whose gender atypical -- so people who don &apos;t have the average male male or female guys .
and very often , i &apos;ve been working with internal sexual people whose gender is balanic -- so people who don &apos;t have the average male or female bodies .

dabei ist intuitive benutzbarkeit nicht erst seit apple ein elementarer wirtschaftsfaktor , nen elementarer erfolgsfaktor , wenn ich eben technologische geräte dem menschen nutzbar machen möchte .
intuitive usability didn &apos;t start to become an elementary economic factor , an elementary success factor , when apple appeared on the scene , if i wanted to make technological devices usable for people .
the intuitive user is not only since apple &apos;s fundamental factor , elementary factor , elementary success factor , when i just want to use technological devices to people .
now , intuitive uses not only since apple has been an elementary economic factor , elementary factor , elementary violence , when i want to make technological devices for people to use .

also von daher merkt man auch da , dass da ein wandel da ist und erst von dieser abwehrhaltung hin zu ja , zu der vorstellung , hundert prozent erneuerbare stimmt ja .
so you &apos;re noticing a change is taking place , from a defensive attitude to to well , to the idea , one hundred percent renewable energies is right .
so , there &apos;s also a change there , because there &apos;s a change there , and it &apos;s only from that waste , yes , to the idea , a hundred percent renewable renewables .
so from that , you also realize that there &apos;s a change there , and it &apos;s only from this devastation , yes , the idea of a hundred percent renewable renewable .

und dann haben wir einen d.v.d brenner auseinandergeschraubt und den brenner den laser rausgeholt und dann versucht , auf diese kamera da zu fokussieren .
and then we took apart a dvd burner and took out the burner the laser and then tried to focus on this camera .
and then we chose a v.d burning burn and burning the laser , and then we tried to focus on these camera .
and then we put a v.d burning , and we put the burn on the laser , and then tried to focus on this camera .

aber es war eine ziemlich abstrakte diskussion , an an einer stelle als es eine pause gab , hat octavio gesagt , &quot; paul , könnten wir uns vielleicht den tedtalk ansehen . &quot;
but it was a fairly abstract discussion , and at some point when there was a pause , octavio said , &quot; paul , maybe we could watch the tedtalk . &quot;
but it was a pretty abstract discussion , at one point when there was a break , octavio said , &quot; paul , &quot; we might look at the tedtalk . &quot;
but it was a pretty abstract discussion in a place when there was a break , octao said , &quot; paul , we might look at the tedtalk . &quot;

dringlichkeits-optimismus ist das verlangen , sofort etwas zu tun , eine hürde zu meistern , zusammen mit dem glauben , dass wir eine begründete hoffnung auf erfolg haben .
urgent optimism is the desire to act immediately to tackle an obstacle , combined with the belief that we have a reasonable hope of success .
drunk optimism is the desire to do something immediately , a roadside star that we believe that we have a profound hope on success .
dringness optimism is the desire to do immediately , a smoke , together with the belief that we have a founded hope for success .

das gilt für laien , die über ihr eigenes glück nachdenken , und es gilt für wissenschaftler , die über glück nachdenken , weil sich herausstellt , dass wir genau so durcheinander sind wie jeder andere .
this applies to laypeople thinking about their own happiness , and it applies to scholars thinking about happiness , because it turns out we &apos;re just as messed up as anybody else is .
this is true for latin , thinking about your own happiness , and it &apos;s true to scientists who are thinking about happiness , because it turns out that we &apos;re exactly the same as each other .
that &apos;s true for lalawrence that they think about their own happiness , and it &apos;s true for scientists who think about happiness , because it turns out that we are exactly the same as each other .

diese gemeinschaften begannen also sich weiterzuentwickeln , so dass die ebene , auf welcher die evolution stattfand , nicht länger die einzelne zelle war , sondern die ganze zellengemeinschaft , welche wir organismus nennen .
so these communities began to evolve so that the interesting level on which evolution was taking place was no longer a cell , but a community which we call an organism .
so these communities started to evolve so that the level that evolution was going on , not longer the individual cell , but the whole cell community that we call organism .
so these communities began to evolve so that the level of what evolution was happening , not the individual cell , but the whole cell community that we call organism .

und glücklicherweise gibt es heute dutzende von firmen , und wir brauchen hunderte , die , genauso , wenn deren ansätze funktionieren , die förderung für ihre piloten funktioniert , dafür mitbieten können .
and there are , fortunately now , dozens of companies -- we need it to be hundreds -- who , likewise , if their science goes well , if the funding for their pilot plants goes well , that they can compete for this .
fortunately and luckily , there are dozens of companies today , and we need hundreds of people who work in the same way as they can do their approaches that work for their pilots , they can offer for it .
and fortunately , there are dozens of companies today , and we need hundreds of companies that work as well as their approaches that can work for their pilots , to offer them .

was ich ihnen also heute vorschlagen möchte sind vier einfache techniken -- techniken , die wir auf verschiedene arten und an verschiedenen forschungsorten getestet haben -- die sie einfach in ihrem geschäft anwenden können .
so what i want to propose to you today are four simple techniques -- techniques that we have tested in one way or another in different research venues -- that you can easily apply in your businesses .
so what i want to suggest to you today is four simple techniques -- techniques that we &apos;ve tested on different kinds of different kinds of sites and different research sites -- that you can just apply them in your business .
so what i want to suggest to you today is four simple techniques -- techniques that we &apos;ve tested on different kinds of research and different research places that you can just apply in your business .

nun , der exakte zusammenhang zwischen einem co2-anstieg und der dadurch resultierende temperaturveränderung und wo deren weitere folgen liegen , da gibt es einige unklarheiten , aber nicht sehr viele .
now , the exact amount of how you map from a certain increase of co2 to what temperature will be and where the positive feedbacks are , there &apos;s some uncertainty there , but not very much .
now , the exact correlation between a carbon rise and the results of animal change and where the other consequences are , there are some unclear unclear units , but not a lot of .
now , the exact relationship between a carbon increase , and the results of the animal change , and where other things are , there are some unclear , but not very many .

kinder , alte , alle möglichen leute gehen dahin , um sich einfach damit auseinanderzusetzen , sie haben ein labor eingerichtet und schauen sich an was kann man machen , wenn diese laborprotokolle an .
children , elderly people , all sorts of people go there to simply examine this in a different kind of way , they &apos;ve set up a laboratory and look at what can be done there , if at laboratory protocols .
children , old , all kinds of people go there to just sit down with it , look at a lab and look at what you can do when these lab protocol .
children , old , all kinds of people go out there to just sit down and look at a lab and look at what you can do when they do these lab protocols .

und wenn sich dieser lufthauch dann über den menschen ergießt , dann ist er angefüllt mit würde , mit geist , mit natur , die nur leben kann , ja eben mit seele .
and then it can leave you .
and if this lufthal also goes across the people , it would be filled with emotion , with mind , with nature , can only live with life , yes .
and if this funny thing is also about the people , it &apos;s filled with mind , with nature , with nature that can only live with soul .

wir sollten die effektivitätsmaßnahmen nutzen , um reduktion auf den weg zu bringen . je weniger wir emittieren , desto geringer wird die co2-summe sein und damit auch die temperatur .
we should go through these efficiency measures to start getting reductions : the less we emit , the less that sum will be of co2 , and , therefore , the less the temperature .
we should use the effects of efficiency to get reducing reduction . the less we &apos;re doing , the more sophisticated the carbon sum is going to be the carbon sum and the temperature .
we should use the effects of efficiency to get reduction on the way , and the less we emitted , the more the carbon is going to be the carbon and the temperature .

sobald der erste fertig ist , wenn er so läuft wie versprochen , dann ist alles ganz klar , denn die wirtschaftlichkeit , die energiedichte ist so anders als bei nuklearenergie , wie wir sie kennen .
once you get the first one built , if it works as advertised , then it &apos;s just clear as day , because the economics , the energy density , are so different than nuclear as we know it .
as soon as the first one is done , as it goes , it &apos;s all very clear , because the economic , the energy source is so different from nuclear energy , as we know it .
once the first finished is , when it goes like this , it &apos;s all clear , because the economic power is so different than nuclear energy as we know it .

und er ist wirklich extrem witzig – ich nenne ihn yoda , denn man redet mit ihm , oder bekommt eine e-mail , und denkt sich : &quot; ich bin so unwürdig , dieser kerl ist unglaublich . &quot;
and he &apos;s seriously one of the funniest -- i call him yoda , because you talk to the guy , you get an email from him , and you &apos;re like , &quot; i &apos;m not worthy . this guy &apos;s so amazing . &quot;
and he &apos;s really extremely funny -- i call him yoda , because you talk to him , or you get an email , and you think , &quot; i &apos;m so unworthy of this guy . &quot;
and he &apos;s really extremely funny -- i call him yoda , because you &apos;re talking to him , or you get a email , and you think , &quot; i &apos;m so unworthy , this guy is incredible . &quot;

das spannende daran ist , wenn man das anguckt , diese neue gesellschaft , diese computergesellschaft , entlehnt sich sehr vieler mechanismen , prinzipien und archaischer denkmuster aus dem aus der stammesgesellschaft .
the exciting thing about this is that when you look at it , this new society , this computer society , you can see that many mechanisms , principles and archaic patterns of thought have been taken from from the tribal society .
the exciting thing is , when you look at this , these new society , these computer society , these computer society , they reject a lot of mechanisms , principles and archaic patterns from the mesh of society .
the exciting thing about this is , if you look at this , this new society , this computer society , is very different mechanisms of mechanisms , principles and aarchaesthetic patterns from the tribal society .

ich nahm nicht den hörer auf und tat , was ich hätten sollen , was ein anruf bei meinem oberarzt gewesen wäre um es mit ihm abzuklären , so dass er eine chance gehabt hätte sich ein eigenes bild zu machen .
i didn &apos;t pick up the phone and do what i was supposed to do , which was call my attending and run the story by him so he would have a chance to see her for himself .
i didn &apos;t take the audience up , and i did what i should have had , what was a call on my doctor in my doctor to tell him that he had a chance to make a picture .
i didn &apos;t take the audience and do what i should have been asked to have been a call in my doctor &apos;s office to make it easier to make him a chance to make a own picture .

es ist eine gruppe besorgter bürger , die einen sehr detaillierten 325-seitigen bericht geschrieben hat , der eine antwort auf das <unk> -memo über die gesetzesvorlage zur finanz-reform ist .
it &apos;s a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed 325-page report that &apos;s a response to the sec &apos;s request for comment on the financial reform bill .
it &apos;s a group of concerned citizens who wrote a very detailed 3,000-page report , which is an answer to the memo of the copyright form .
it &apos;s a group of worker who wrote a very detailed 25,000 silk report , which is an answer on the membrane membrane to the reform of financial reform .

schauen sie sich den bereich des östlichen pazifik genau an , vom amerikanischen kontinent westlich und beiderseits des indischen subkontinents , wo es einen drastischen rückgang des sauerstoffs in den meeren gibt .
look carefully at the area of the eastern pacific , from the americas , extending westward , and on either side of the indian subcontinent , where there is a radical depletion of oxygen in the oceans .
look at the area of the eastern pacific pacific , from the american continent , and beyond the indian continent of the indian continent , where there is a dramatic decline of oxygen in the oxygen .
look at the area of the eastern pacific , from the american continent west and both beyond the indian continent , where there &apos;s a dramatic return of oxygen in the metabolism .

letzten monat hat das mit eine studie veröffentlicht , die zeigt , dass bis zum ende dieses jahrzehnts in den sonnigen gegenden der usa solarenergie 6 cent pro kwh , im vergleich zu 15 cent im nationalen durchschnitt kosten wird .
last month , mit put out a study showing that by the end of this decade , in the sunny parts of the united states , solar electricity will be six cents a kilowatt hour compared to 15 cents as a national average .
last month , this has been published with a study that shows that until the end of this decade in the sunny areas of the united states , the solar power of solar power per six cents a mile , in comparison to 15 cents a national average .
last month , this was published with a study that shows that until the end of this decade , in the sun , the solar power of solar energy per capita , in comparison , is going to cost 15 cents a average cost .

man kommt dann zu großen geldsummen , und hier können vernünftige leute widersprechen , wenn man etwas hat , das nicht ökonomisch ist , und versucht , das zu finanzieren . für mich geschieht hier die meiste verschwendung .
the thing you get into big money on , and this , reasonable people can disagree , is when you have something that &apos;s non-economic and you &apos;re trying to fund that -- that , to me , mostly is a waste .
you come to large money , and here you can talk about reasonable people , if you have something that &apos;s not economic , and trying to fund that . for me , most of the time , it &apos;s happening here .
you get too big money , and here you can talk about reasonable people , if you have something that &apos;s not economic , and try to fund that . for me , most of the waste is happening .

man lädt d.n.a auf goldpartikel und die goldpartikel dann in diese luftdruckpistole , und dann ich habe die dann auf zwiebeln geschossen und habe die dann zum leuchten gebracht damit so .
you charge gold particles with dna and then put these gold particles into this air pressure gun , and then i shot at onions and made them light up and stuff like that .
you invite n.a on gold particles , and the gold particles then put them into this awesome pipe , and then i put it on top of the bones , and then the light would light up like this .
you invite by n.n.a in goldman particles , and the gold particles then put into these prints of print , and then i went down to the tent , and then they took it up to the light .

sie verließen lydien und machten sich auf die suche nach einer neuen heimat . sie ließen gerade so viele menschen zurück , wie es lebensmittel zum überleben gab und suchten mit dem rest nach einer gegend , in der sie gedeihen konnten .
they would leave lydia , and they would go out in search of a new place to live , leaving behind just enough people to survive on the resources that were available , and hopefully to take their civilization somewhere else where they could thrive .
they left lyrics , and they went to the search for a new home , and they just let so many people go back to survival , and they were looking for survival , and looking for the rest of a neighborhood where they could delete .
they left poetry , and they went to the search for a new home , and they just went back to a lot of people as much as there were food for food to survive and sought to the rest of a region that they could put in .

und wenn ich dann noch einen schritt weitergehe in diese natural user interfaces , wo ich per stimme , per sprache , per touch , per geste und nicht mehr per maus und cursor die dinge steuern muss , dann bin ich noch schneller und noch unmittelbarer .
and if i go a step further in these natural user interfaces , where i can control things via voice , speech , touch and gesture rather than a mouse and cursor , then i am even faster and more immediate .
and then , if i move another step further into these interior interactions , where i agree with each voice , in language , by language , and they don &apos;t have to tax more and more cursor the curves , i &apos;m even faster , and then i &apos;m even more immediate .
and then when i go on to the other hand , in this community , where i share a voice , language , sharing language , or less and not more mouse and mouse things have to control , then i &apos;m even faster and even faster .

es wäre allerdings schlimmer , wenn ich mich nicht daran erinnern würde , dass ich vor über 20 jahren , als ich als teenager zum ersten mal davon erzählte , dass ich schriftstellerin sein wollte , mit der gleichen art von angstbesetzter reaktion konfrontiert worden bin .
but it would be worse , except for that i happen to remember that over 20 years ago , when i first started telling people -- when i was a teenager -- that i wanted to be a writer , i was met with this same kind of , sort of fear-based reaction .
but it would be worse if i wouldn &apos;t remember that i was talking about 20 years ago when i first told you that i was a writer that i wanted to be a writer with the same kind of anxiety response .
it would be worse if i wasn &apos;t remembered that i was talking about 20 years ago when i first told for the first time that i wanted to be a writer with the same kind of anxiety .

sie ist ein prozess , und manchmal funktioniert er und manchmal nicht , aber die idee , dass wir der wissenschaft nicht erlauben sollten , ihre arbeit zu tun , weil wir angst haben ist eine wirkliche sackgasse , und sie hält millionen von menschen vom aufblühen ab .
it &apos;s a process , and sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn &apos;t , but the idea that we should not allow science to do its job because we &apos;re afraid , is really very deadening , and it &apos;s preventing millions of people from prospering .
it &apos;s a process , and sometimes it works , and sometimes it doesn &apos;t work , but the idea that we should not allow science to do their work , because we &apos;re afraid of a real gas , and it keeps millions of people from blows .
it &apos;s a process , and sometimes it works , and sometimes it doesn &apos;t work , but the idea that we should not allow science to do their work , because we &apos;re afraid of being a real gas , and it keeps millions of people from the floating .

damals war &apos; s genauso ein affront , wo adel , klerus und andere gesagt haben : seid ihr eigentlich wahnsinnig , wenn das volk anfängt zu lesen , dann wollen die nachher noch mitreden und das ist natürlich total fatal .
that was also an affront at the time , where the gentry , clergymen and others said : have you gone mad , if the people start to read , they &apos;ll want to have something to say and that would be totally fatal of course .
at the time , it was just a monkey , where askull , clonus , and others said , you &apos;re really awesome when the people start reading the people , then they want to talk about the afternoon , and that &apos;s completely fatal .
at the time , it was a monkey ront , where askulus and others have said , &quot; you know , you know , if people start reading the people , then they want to read the afternoon , and of course , that &apos;s completely shaped .

also habe ich auch darüber einen artikel geschrieben , und ich konnte nicht verstehen , warum die leute dachten , das wäre &quot; frankenfood &quot; , warum sie glaubten , dass moleküle auf eine bestimmte statt eine zufällige art herumzuschieben einen übergriff auf das gebiet der natur war .
so i wrote a story about that too , and i couldn &apos;t understand why people thought this was &quot; frankenfoods , &quot; why they thought moving molecules around in a specific , rather than a haphazard way , was trespassing on nature &apos;s ground .
so i also wrote a paper about it , and i couldn &apos;t understand why people thought that was &quot; franken-officers , &quot; why they believed that molecules were going to be a certain kind of random way around the field of nature .
so i also wrote a article about this , and i couldn &apos;t understand why people thought that would be &quot; french food food , &quot; why they believed that molecules were going to have a certain kind of random way around the world .

würde ich diesen eintrag ernst nehmen wäre ich in eine welt geboren , die jemand wie mich als eine person wahrnehmen würde , deren leben in keinster weise positiv verlaufen kann . heute aber werde ich für die chancen und abenteuer , die ich erlebt habe , gefeiert .
i mean , from this entry , it would seem that i was born into a world that perceived someone like me to have nothing positive whatsoever going for them , when in fact , today i &apos;m celebrated for the opportunities and adventures my life has procured .
if i was to take this entry seriously , i would be born in a world that would be like someone who would perceive me as a person whose life can be lost in a more positive way , but today i &apos;m going to be looking for the chances and adventure that i &apos;ve experienced .
i would take this adventure seriously , i would be born in a world that someone like me would perceive me as a person who could run their lives in a more positive way , but today i &apos;m going to be able to celebrate the chances and adventures that i &apos;ve been celebrated .

als die golden cat corporation ihr 10 am schlechtesten verkauften katzenstreus loswurde , erlebten sie , dass die gewinne um 87 prozent anstiegen -- ein ergebnis von beidem , dem anstieg der verkaufszahlen und der reduzierung von kosten .
when the golden cat corporation got rid of their 10 worst-selling cat litter products , they saw an increase in profits by 87 percent -- a function of both increase in sales and lowering of costs .
when the golden cat corporate corporation turned out to be rid of the worst catastrophic catastrophe , they learned that the wins came around 87 percent -- a result of the results that the increase in numbers of numbers and the cost of civic cost .
when the 18-cat media education was going to get rid of the cost of the worst catastrophic catastrophic , they realized that the winnacle was about 87 percent -- a result of two percent -- a result of the rise , the rise of the sales and the cost of numbers .

also nicht nur eine farm , die ihre tiere nicht füttert , nicht nur eine farm , die ihren erfolg an der gesundheit ihrer räuber misst , sondern eine farm , die buchstäblich eine wasser-aufbereitungsanlage ist , und nicht nur für diese fische , sondern auch für dich und mich .
so , not just a farm that doesn &apos;t feed its animals , not just a farm that measures its success by the health of its predators , but a farm that &apos;s literally a water purification plant -- and not just for those fish , but for you and me as well .
so not just a farm that doesn &apos;t feed your animals , not just a farm that mixes your health of your health , but a farm that is literally a farm for water facility , and not only for those fish , but for me and for you .
so not just a farm that doesn &apos;t feed your animals , not only a farm that fits success on their health , but a farm that &apos;s literally a farm that &apos;s a water tutoring , and not just for these fish , but for me .

und wenn ich darüber nachdenke , denke ich an einen urlaub , den wir vor ein paar jahren in der antarktis gemacht haben , der eindeutig der beste urlaub war , den ich je gehabt hatte , und ich denke relativ oft daran im verhältnis dazu , wie oft ich an andere urlaube denke .
and when i think about that , i think about a vacation we had in antarctica a few years ago , which was clearly the best vacation i &apos;ve ever had , and i think of it relatively often , relative to how much i think of other vacations .
and when i think about it , i think of a vacation that we made a couple of years ago in antarctica , which was clearly the best vacation i had ever had , and i think a lot about how many times i often think about it .
and when i think about it , i think about a speaker that we did a few years ago in antarctica , which was clearly the best one that i &apos;ve ever had , and i think , and i think , in fact , in a lot of time , i think about how often i think about it .

das erscheint zuerst vielleicht etwas abwegig , also wiederhole ich es , damit es wirken kann : wenn wir probleme wie hunger , armut , klimawandel , globale konflikte und fettleibigkeit lösen wollen , glaube ich , müssen wir versuchen , spiele online für mindestens 21 milliarden stunden pro woche bis zum ende des nächsten jahrzehnts zu spielen .
so , that &apos;s probably a bit of a counterintuitive idea , so i &apos;ll say it again , let it sink in : if we want to solve problems like hunger , poverty , climate change , global conflict , obesity , i believe that we need to aspire to play games online for at least 21 billion hours a week , by the end of the next decade .
this may seem to be a little bit abundant , so i &apos;ll repeat it , so that if we can solve problems like hunger , poverty , climate change , global conflicts and obesity , i think we need to try to be able to play online for at least 21 billion hours a week to play the next week .
so this may seem to be a little bit more abundant , so i repeat it so that if we can solve problems like hunger , poverty , climate change , global warming and obesity , i think we need to try to play , at least for 21 billion hours to play the next week .

&quot; cloud-computing &quot; , etwas , das meine freunde bei autodesk &quot; infinite-computing &quot; nennen , sensoren und netzwerke , roboter , 3d-drucker , die es ermöglichen , die persönliche produktion auf unserem planeten zu demokratisieren , synthetische biologie , treibstoffe , impfungen und nahrung , digitale medizin , nano-materialien und künstliche intelligenz .
cloud computing , what my friends at autodesk call infinite computing ; sensors and networks ; robotics ; 3d printing , which is the ability to democratize and distribute personalized production around the planet ; synthetic biology ; fuels , vaccines and foods ; digital medicine ; nanomaterials ; and a.i .
&quot; cloud-like &quot; cloud , &quot; something that my friends call &quot; autodesk tonight , &quot; sensors , sensors and robots , 3d models , 3d printer , which allow us to democratize the personal production on our planet , synthetic , synthetic fuel , vaccine , digital vaccine , technological materials , medicine and artificial intelligence .
&quot; cloud , &quot; a little bit , which is what my friends call descending &quot; descending , &quot; sensors , sensors and networks , robots , robots , 3d printer that allow them to enable the personal production of our planet to democratize our planet , synthetic biology , synthetic biology and digital materials and artificial materials .

mein kollege an der mit , assaf biderman , könnte ihnen noch viel mehr über das wahrnehmen und die vielen anderen wunderbaren dinge , die man mit wahrnehmen machen kann , erzählen , aber ich möchte gerne auf den zweiten teil zu sprechen kommen , den wir am anfang diskutierten und das ist die betätigung unserer umwelt .
my colleague at mit , assaf biderman , he could tell you much more about sensing and many other wonderful things we can do with sensing , but i wanted to go to the second part we discussed at the beginning , and that &apos;s actuating our environment .
so , my colleague at mit , with assigbif , you could still take a lot more about this , and the many other wonderful things that you can perceive with , but i &apos;d like to talk about the second part of the second part that we &apos;re talking about , and that &apos;s the concrete of our environment .
now , my colleague with this colleague , with asks , assman , could give you a lot more about what the other wonderful things that you can perceive with , but i &apos;d like to talk to the second part of the beginning to talk to the beginning , and that &apos;s the environment of our environment .

nun würde ich gerne mit einem beispiel anfangen von jemandem , der eine frage-und-antwort-sitzung hatte nach einer meiner vorlesungen , der eine geschichte berichtete . &#91; undeutlich ... &#93; er sagte , er hätte eine sinfonie gehört , und es war absolut herrliche musik , und ganz am ende der aufnahme gab es ein fürchterliches kreischendes geräusch .
now , i &apos;d like to start with an example of somebody who had a question-and-answer session after one of my lectures reported a story , and that was a story -- he said he &apos;d been listening to a symphony , and it was absolutely glorious music and at the very end of the recording , there was a dreadful screeching sound .
now , i &apos;d like to start with an example of someone who had a fragile replication after one of my lectures , who told a story . &#91; unclear &#93; -- he said he had heard a sink , and it was absolutely beautiful music , and it was the end of the recording there was a circular sound of the sound .
now , i &apos;d like to start with an example of someone who had a fragile answer-answering response to one of my lectures , who had a story called a story . &#91; unclear &#93; &#91; unclear &#93; -- he said he had heard a feature , and it was absolutely vital , and it was a very scary of the sound of the sound of the sound .

es bedeutet , dass ein kleines kind aus den anden , das in dem glauben aufwächst , dass der berg ein apu-geist ist , der sein oder ihr schicksal bestimmen , wird ein ganz anderer mensch werden , und eine andere beziehung zu dieser ressource oder diesem ort haben , als ein kleines kind aus montana , das in dem glauben aufwächst , dass ein berg ein haufen steine ist , der abgetragen werden kann .
it means that a young kid from the andes who &apos;s raised to believe that that mountain is an apu spirit that will direct his or her destiny will be a profoundly different human being and have a different relationship to that resource or that place than a young kid from montana raised to believe that a mountain is a pile of rock ready to be mined .
it means that a small child from the one who grows up in the belief is that the mountain is a mountain puppet , or your destiny , will determine another person , and have a different relationship to this rescue , or this place , as a little child growing up from montana , who believes that a pile is a pile of stones who can carry on .
it means that a little child from the anger that grows up in this belief that the mountain is a aputy , or your destiny , or your destiny will be a very different person , and another relationship to have another relationship , or this place , as a little bit of a little bit of montana , which is growing up in the mountain .

und wenn sie menschen vor sich haben , die der festen überzeugung sind , dass sie eine seele besitzen , oder man kann auch sagen , die glauben , dass sie von der seele zum leben erweckt worden sind , dann stellen die sich das so ungefähr vor , als wäre die seele so ein geistiger rahmen über sie , nicht aus materie , sie selber nur aus fleisch und blut , etwas steinernes sozusagen , an die erde gebundenes , vergängliches , verwesbares , unwichtiges , ja totes .
and now you see the soul as having something of a cloud like nature , an airy nature , it &apos;s called anima in latin , being like a breath of air .
and if you have yourself in front of people who are the most compelling , that you have a soul , or you can also say that you &apos;ve been caught by the soul of your life , then you &apos;re going to be able to imagine that , that &apos;s how the soul would be like a soul of spiritual , not just from it , you know , blood , and you &apos;re kind of a blood that &apos;s kind of kind of kind of thing , you can say it , it &apos;s kind of unbelievable , you know , it .
and if you have people , and if you have people who have a feminist , that they have a soul , or you can say that they believe that they have been killed by the soul of life , then the soul of life would be so much more than the matter of matter , they &apos;re not just about the eggs , they &apos;re not just a flourish , and what they call a flesh , it , the earth , it &apos;s unknown , it &apos;s unlocated .

