auch die art der gewährten unabhängigkeit ist wichtig .
the nature of the independence bestowed is also important .
the kind of independence granted is also important .
the kind of independence granted is also important .

dies verschafft ihnen medienruhm .
that wins them media acclaim .
this gives you media leverage .
this gives them the media ruins .

partnerschaft ist in diesem zusammenhang wesentlich .
partnership is essential here .
partnership is essential in this context .
partnership is essential in this context .

ist freiheit allein genug ?
is freedom enough ?
is freedom alone enough ?
is freedom alone enough ?

steuern als rettung
saved by taxes
saving taxes than saving taxes
tax as a saving of taxes

die hälfte aller neuen hiv-infektionen entfallen auf junge leute .
young people account for half of all new hiv infections .
half of all new hiv infections are based on young people .
half of all new hiv infections are due to young people .

und die rede ist nicht von prinzipien , sondern von politik .
i speak not of principles , but of policy .
and the speech is not based on principles , but on politics .
and the speech is not principles , but politics .

der bedrohung ist am besten durch einen krieg zu begegnen .
the threat could best be eliminated by war .
the best way to deal with the threat is to face war .
the threat is best dealt with by a war .

beide seiten müssen hart arbeiten , wenn sie gewinnen wollen .
both sides will have to work hard if they want to win .
both sides must work hard if they want to win .
both sides must work hard if they want to win .

ökonomen machen preise gerne zur grundlage ihrer überlegungen .
economists like to think of things in terms of prices .
economists would like to make prices the basis of their considerations .
prices are happy to make prices on the basis of their considerations .

der zweite schock war die europäische einigung einschließlich der nördlichen und südlichen eu-erweiterungen .
the second shock was eu integration , including the northern and southern enlargements .
the second shock was the european agreement , including the northern and southern eu enlargements .
the second shock was the european agreement , including the northern and southern eu enlargements .

roh konnte überdies nutzen aus der sich ausbreitenden anti-amerikanischen stimmung ziehen .
roh &apos;s campaign also took advantage of a rising tide of anti-americanism .
furthermore , roh has been able to benefit from the widespread anti-american approach .
in addition , roh has been able to benefit from the broad anti-american vote .

zweitens sollte die politik die jungen menschen dabei unterstützen , gute entscheidungen zu treffen .
second , policies should support young people as they strive to make good decisions .
secondly , the policy should support young people to take good decisions .
secondly , the policy should help young people to take good decisions .

vielfach werden sie jedoch übertrieben und unüberwindlich sind sie gewiss nicht .
however , they are often exaggerated and certainly not insurmountable .
however , in many cases , they will be exaggerated and untenable , they are certainly not .
however , they are often exaggerated and unovercome , they are certainly not .

momentan lässt der preisanstieg bei eigenheimen in manchen dieser städte nach .
now growth in home prices is weakening in some of these cities .
at the moment , the rise in prices in secret in some of these cities is leaving .
at the moment , the price increase in their own homes in some of these cities is increasing .

auch wird es auf jeden fall probleme geben , beziehungen zwischen serbien und dem kosovo zu knüpfen .
likewise , there will be problems establishing ties between serbia and kosovo under any circumstances .
there will , in any case , be problems with relations between serbia and kosovo .
in any event , there will also be problems of continuing relations between serbia and kosovo .

selbstverständlich gibt es keine einfache kausale verknüpfung , die armut und ungleichheit mit gewalt verbindet .
of course , there is no simple causal relationship linking poverty and inequality to violence .
of course , there is no simple link between poverty and inequality .
of course , there is no simple link between poverty and inequality with violence .

die förderung des respekts für menschenrechte war immerhin ein grundpfeiler bei der schaffung der uno .
promoting respect for human rights was , after all , the guiding principle behind the un &apos;s establishment .
the promotion of respect for human rights was , after all , a fundamental pillar in the creation of the un .
the promotion of respect for human rights was , after all , a fundamental pillar in the creation of the un .

unter diesen umständen gibt es keinen guten grund , mit einer zinserhöhung zu warten .
in these circumstances , there is no good reason to wait to raise interest rates .
under these circumstances , there is no good reason to wait for a fuel increase .
under these circumstances , there is no good reason to wait for a fascinating threat .

wenige tage nach den abstimmungen konnten sie sich nicht auf den eu-haushalt für 2007-13 einigen .
within days of the votes , they failed to agree on the eu budget for 2007-13 .
a few days after the votes , they were unable to agree on the eu budget for 13 .
a few days after the votes , they were unable to agree on the eu budget for 13 .

am zuverlässigsten übertreiben dabei die übertrieben zukunftsgläubigen und die unheilspropheten .
boom and doom pundits are the most reliable over-claimers .
the most reliable exaggeration is the exaggeration of future creditors and the uncurable prophets .
the most reliable exaggeration in this is the exaggeration of excessive creditors and the incurable protagonists .

aber sind politische , bürger- und menschenrechte genug , um die stärke und das überleben der demokratien zu gewährleisten ?
but are civil , political , and human rights enough to ensure the strength and survival of democracies ?
but are political , civil and human rights enough to ensure the strength and survival of democracies ?
but are political , civil and human rights enough to ensure the strength and survival of democracies ?

es handelt sich vielmehr um das versprechen eines inflationsbereinigten lebensstandards ( einschließlich medizinischer versorgung ) .
instead , they are promises of a certain standard of living ( including the value of medical services ) , corrected for inflation .
it is , in fact , the promise of inflation standards ( including medical care ) .
rather , it is the promise of inflation standards ( including medical care ) .

der ruf nach verstärkter einführung von volksabstimmungen reflektiert diesen trend und beschleunigt ihn zugleich .
the call for more referenda both reflects and fuels this trend .
the call for increased introduction of referendums reflects this trend and accelerates it at the same time .
the call for greater introduction of referendums reflects this trend and accelerate it at the same time .

rechtliche einschränkungen für humanitäre interventionen sind notwendig , da diktatoren damit zu oft ihre kriminellen übergriffe rechtfertigen .
legal restraints on humanitarian intervention are necessary because dictators too often use it to justify criminal aggression .
legal restrictions on humanitarian interventions are necessary , as dictators often justify their criminal attacks .
legal restrictions on humanitarian intervention are necessary , since dictators often justify their criminal attacks .

sollen wir uns fürchten , dass europa nicht mehr ein rein jüdischer / christlicher und rein weißer kontinent ist ?
should we fear the fact that europe is no longer a purely jewish / christian and white continent ?
should we fear that europe is no longer a purely jewish / christian and purely white continent ?
should we fear that europe is no longer a purely jewish / christian and purely white continent ?

was uns aber diese finanzexperten nicht mitteilen ist , wie wir beurteilen sollen , wann defizite vertretbar sind und wann nicht .
but what these accountants do not provide is a way to judge when deficits are justifiable and when they are not .
however , what these financial experts do not tell us is how we should assess when deficits are acceptable and when not .
however , what these financial experts do not tell us is how we should judge when deficits are acceptable and when they are not .

die kosovo-albaner der provinz haben erklärt , dass sie keine noch so zarte verbindung zu serbien akzeptieren werden .
kosovo &apos;s ethnic albanians have proclaimed that they will not accept any tie to serbia , no matter how tenuous .
the kosovar albanians of the province have stated that they will not accept such a kind of link with serbia .
the kosovars of the province of kosovo have stated that they will not yet accept such a hindrance to serbia .

die beantwortung dieser fragen ist diffizil , denn sie hängt davon ab , was zukünftige regierungen tun werden .
the issues are subtle , because they hinge on what future governments may do .
the answer to these issues is distress , because it depends on what future governments will do .
the answer to these questions is diligent , because it depends on what future governments will do .

natürlich kann man es sich , wenn der feind bereits angreift , nicht erlauben , zu viele fragen zu stellen .
of course , when enemies are already attacking , one cannot afford to ask too many questions .
of course , if the enemy is already taking action , we cannot allow too many questions to be asked .
of course , if the enemy is already taking place , it cannot allow too many questions to be raised .

sollte das nicht geschehen , käme das einem bruch politischer verpflichtungen gleich und würde der glaubwürdigkeit der eu in der welt massiven schaden zufügen .
not to do so would mean to renege on political commitments and to severely damage the eu &apos;s credibility in the world .
if this does not happen , it would be a breach of political obligations and would seriously damage the credibility of the eu in the world .
if this does not happen , this would be a breach of political commitments and would seriously damage the credibility of the eu in the world .

einige hoffen , dass ein aufschub im kosovo gewalt provozieren und den westen weiter dazu bewegen kann , die unabhängigkeit neu zu überdenken .
some hope that postponement will stimulate violence in kosovo and further encourage western reconsideration of independence .
some hope that a postponement in kosovo will provoke violence and that the west can continue to rethink independence .
some hope that a delay in kosovo can provoke violence and continue to encourage the west to rethink independence .

die einzigen , die sich um den schleichenden autoritarismus in russland keine sorgen machen , sind die russen selbst .
indeed , about the only people who are unconcerned about creeping authoritarianism in russia are the russians themselves .
the only people who do not worry about the criminal authoritarian behaviour in russia are the russians themselves .
the only ones who are not concerned about the illegal authoritarian arism in russia are the russians themselves .

die ergebnisse dieses entscheidenden experiments in der proteinkristallographie wurden 1934 in einem artikel im magazin
the results of this first defining moment in protein crystallography were published as a letter in
in 1934 , the results of this decisive analysis in the vendor of electronic sales have been included in an article in the magazine in 1934 .
in 1934 , the results of this crucial investment in protein consuming graspes have been included in a article in magazin .

der schonungslose kampf der letzten woche über die mittelfristige zukunft der union , hat dieses urteil mit allem nachdruck bestätigt .
last week &apos;s bruising battle over the medium-term future of the union &apos;s budget has confirmed that verdict with a vengeance .
last week &apos;s unwarranted fight on the medium-term future of the union has strongly confirmed this judgment .
last week &apos;s unprecedented fight on the medium-term future of the union has confirmed this judgment with the utmost emphasis .

wenn sich die orchester nicht selbst um ihre zukunft kümmern , könnte es sein , dass sie keine haben werden .
if orchestras don &apos;t look after their own futures , they may well not have one to look after .
if the orchestra does not look for its future , it could be that they will not have .
if the orchestors do not look at their future themselves , it could be that they will not have any .

im gegenteil , wenn immer eine rezession droht , dreht sich die politische diskussion darum , ob es nötig sei , die stabilisatoren durch
on the contrary , whenever recession threatens , political debate revolves around whether they need to be reinforced by
on the contrary , if there is always a recession , the political discussion is about whether it is necessary for the stabilisers to be stable .
on the contrary , if there is always a recession , the political debate is about whether it is necessary for stabilisers to be stable by stabilisers .

realistischer ist , dass sie dazu entworfen wurde , regierungen anreize zu geben , die reformen anzugehen , die wirtschaftswachstum und produktivität ankurbeln .
more realistically , it is designed to provide governments with the incentive to undertake the reforms that stimulate economic growth and productivity .
more realistic is that it was accused of giving governments incentives to tackle reforms , boost economic growth and productivity .
realism is that it has been accused of giving governments incentives to tackle the reforms , boost economic growth and productivity .

aber das gilt auch für jede andere demokratie , in der radikale gruppen den demokratischen prozess sehr wohl auch für ihre zwecke missbrauchen könnten .
but the same is true for any other democracy , where radical groups could well misuse the democratic process for their purposes .
however , this also applies to any other democracy , in which radical groups may well be able to abuse the democratic process for their purposes .
however , this also applies to any other democracy in which radical groups could very well abuse the democratic process for their purposes .

das ostdeutsche bip je person im erwerbsfähigen alter lag 1996 bei 61 % des westdeutschen niveaus ; nun sind es 59 % .
gdp per working-age person in east germany had been 61 % of the west german level in 1996 , but it is now only 59 % .
the eastern german gdp per person in the age of working age was 61 % of the western german level in 1996 ; now it is 59 % .
in 1996 , the eastern german gdp per person in the working age was 61 % of the west german level ; now it is 59 % .

in gesellschaften , in denen die offizielle arbeitslosenquote über mehrere generationen bei 10 % oder höher liegt , hat das wirtschaftsmanagement der regierung versagt .
societies in which the official unemployment rate stands at 10 % or more for generations are societies in which government economic management has failed .
in societies where the official unemployment rate over several generations is 10 % or higher , the government &apos;s economic management has failed .
in societies where the official unemployment rate is more than 10 % or higher , the government &apos;s economic management has failed .

die politische entwicklung in der tschechoslowakei in den letzten 20 jahren des kommunistischen regimes setzt die tschechische republik und die slowakei deutlich von polen und ungarn ab .
political developments in czechoslovakia during the last 20 years of communism set the czech republic and slovakia apart from both poland and hungary .
the political development in czechoslovakia in the last 20 years of the communist regime requires the czech republic and slovakia clearly from poland and hungary .
the political development in czechoslovakia over the last 20 years of the communist regime is the czech republic and slovakia clearly from poland and hungary .

doch die deutschen wähler scheinen dies nicht zu wollen , und dadurch ist es unberechenbar , wie die deutsche politik in vier jahren aussehen wird .
but this does not seem to be what the german electorate wants , and this makes the complexion of german politics four years from now incalculable .
however , the german voters do not seem to want to do so , and it is unpredictable how the german policy will be in four years &apos; time .
however , the german voters do not seem to want to do so , and it is unpredictable how german policy will be in four years &apos; time .

zugegeben , es ist nicht leicht , methoden zu entwickeln , die die treffsicherheit von prognosen überprüfen und für das gesamte spektrum vernünftiger meinungsäußerung glaubwürdig sind .
granted , it is not easy to create methods of keeping score that are credible across the spectrum of reasonable opinion .
it is not easy to develop methods that review the accurate safety of forecasts and are credible for the whole range of opinions .
it is not easy to develop methods that review the safety of forecasts and are credible for the whole range of sensible opinions .

ein kurzfristiger rückzug des kapitals - zu dem es kommen könnte , wenn eines der beiden risiken wächst - könnte größere ertragsschwankungen hervorrufen .
short-term capital outflows--which might occur should either risk worsen--could create greater output volatility .
a short-term withdrawal of capital - which could arise if one of the two risks is growing - could lead to greater fluctuations .
a short-term withdrawal of capital - which could arise if one of the two risks is growing - could cause greater fluctuations of fluctuations .

die italienische eu-präsidentschaft hat eine enorme verantwortung zu tragen , nämlich für die rückbesinnung auf die erweiterung als wichtigsten aspekt der neuen eu .
italy &apos;s presidency of the european union bears an enormous responsibility , namely reinvigorating enlargement as the key aspect of the new eu .
the italian presidency has a huge responsibility to bear in mind , namely the return to enlargement as the most important aspect of the new eu .
the italian presidency has a huge responsibility to bear in mind , namely the return to enlargement as the most important aspect of the new eu .

tatsächlich kam es trotz zunehmenden ausstoßes während der neunziger jahre zur deflation , was bedeutet , daß sich indiens potentieller warenausstoß stärker ausweitet .
indeed , throughout the 1990s , despite rising output , deflation occurred , which means that india &apos;s potential output is expanding .
in fact , despite the increase in emissions during the 1990s , there has been a deflation , which means that india has increased its potential emissions .
in fact , despite the increase in previous years , there has been an increase in deflation , which means that india has increased its potential for goods .

jetzt , da unzählige private interessengruppen versuchen , ihn bis zur belanglosigkeit zu verwässern , steht dieser kampf auf jeden fall 2006 auf der eu-agenda .
now , with countless private interest groups trying to water it down into irrelevance , the battle will be firmly on the eu &apos;s agenda in 2006 .
now that countless private interest groups are trying to dispel him up to the impunity , this fight is , in any case , on the eu agenda in 2006 .
now that many private interest groups are trying to watered down it up to bells , this fight is certainly on the eu agenda in 2006 .

wenn der feind jedoch nur droht , ist es besser , erst seine legitimität geltend zu machen und so ein gewisses maß an glaubwürdigkeit zu hause und im ausland herzustellen .
but when enemies are merely threatening , it is better first to assert legitimacy , and thus acquire some credibility at home and abroad .
however , if the enemy is threatened only , it is better to assert its legitimacy and thus create a certain degree of credibility at home and abroad .
however , if the enemy is only threatened , it is better to exercise its legitimacy only and thus create a certain degree of credibility at home and abroad .

zweitens : mit dem explosionsartigen wachstum der globalen kommunikation aufgrund von internet und mobiltelefonen stieg das öffentliche vertrauen in glamouröse internationale städte .
second , the public &apos;s faith in glamorous international cities has increased with the explosive growth in global communications due to the internet and the cell phone .
secondly , with the explosive growth of global communications on the basis of internet and mobile telephones , public confidence in glamse international cities is increasing .
secondly , with the explosive growth of global communication on the internet and mobile telephones , public confidence in glamb international cities .

die wichtigste vertrauensbildende maßnahme -- eine modifizierung des abm-vertrags , um eine begrenzte raketenabwehr zu ermöglichen -- wird geprüft .
the most important of confidence-building measures , a modification of the abm-treaty to allow for limited missile defense , is being explored .
the most important measure of confidence - an amendment to the abm treaty , in order to allow a limited missile defence ban - is being examined .
the most important step of confidence - a change in the treaty of abm to allow a limited missile defence defence - will be examined .

syrische offizielle glauben , dass die usa die baath-partei , da diese weltlich eingestellt ist , komme was wolle gegen einen wieder auflebenden islamismus unterstützen werden .
syrian officials believe that because the baath party is secular , the us will invariably support it against an islamist resurgence .
syrian official belief that the united states will support the bathing party , since this world is halfway , and that is what is intended to support islamic islamic .
syrian official believe that the united states will support the bathing party , because this world has been closed , and that is what is going to fight against a reexistence of islamic fundamentalist .

niedrige landwirtschaftliche erträge lassen sich steigern durch verbessertes , speziell an afrikanische bedingungen angepasstes saatgut und technologien zur regenerierung des bodens und zum wassermanagement .
low farm yields can be addressed through improved seed varieties specially adapted for african conditions , combined with technologies for replenishing soil and managing water .
low agricultural revenue can be increased by improving , especially in african conditions , seed seed and technologies for the raft of soil and water management .
low agricultural income can be increased by improving , particularly in african conditions , seed and technologies for the raft of land and water management .

unsere politiker verstehen nicht genug von den naturwissenschaften , und sie holen selten den rat von wissenschaftlern und ingenieuren ein , wenn es um die lösung wichtiger probleme geht .
politicians don &apos;t understand science , and rarely seek the advice of scientists and engineers in addressing major issues .
our politicians do not understand enough of the nature of science , and rarely do they get the council of scientists and engineers when it comes to solving important problems .
our politicians do not understand enough of the nature sciences , and they rarely catch up with the council of scientists and engineers when it comes to resolving important problems .

sie verkennen dabei , dass amerikanische regierungsvertreter syrien als komplizen an den aktivitäten islamistischer terrorgruppen in den palästinensergebieten , im irak und im libanon betrachten .
they fail to see that american officials regard syria as complicit in the activities of islamist terrorist groups in the palestinian territories , iraq , and lebanon .
you see that american government representatives of syria regard syria as compliant in the activities of islamic terrorist groups in the palestinian territories , iraq and lebanon .
they bear in mind that american representatives of government syria , as compliments to the activities of islamic terrorist groups in the palestinian territories , iraq and lebanon .

in der tat hat ministerpräsident vojislav kostunica , der verfechter des serbischen nationalismus , auf alle möglichen arten versucht , die interimsregierung des kosovo zu unterminieren .
indeed , prime minister vojislav kostunica , the apostle of serbian nationalism , has been trying in every way to undermine kosovo &apos;s interim government .
in fact , prime minister mugabe has tried to undermine the interim government of kosovo , the champion of serbian nationalism , to all possible species .
in fact , prime minister islam has , in fact , tried to undermine the interim government of kosovo , with the supporters of serbian nationalism , to all kinds of species .

orban argumentierte , dass die zurücknahme der &quot; benes-dekrete &quot; eine bedingung für die aufnahme der tschechischen republik ( und der slowakei ) in die europäische gemeinschaft sein müsse .
orban argued that revoking the &quot; benes decrees &quot; must be made a condition for the czech republic ( as well as slovakia ) joining the european union .
orban argued that the withdrawal of the &apos; benats &apos; should be a condition for the inclusion of the czech republic ( and slovakia ) into the european community .
orban argued that the withdrawal of the bendekrete &apos; should be a condition for the inclusion of the czech republic ( and slovakia ) in the european community .

schrã <unk> ders tragik liegt darin , dass sein machtverfall sich fortsetzen kã <unk> nnte , egal , fã ¼ r welchen weg er sich entscheidet .
schröder &apos;s tragedy is that his power may further erode whatever way he chooses .
mr gifk , mr tragik , is that his case of power continues to be the case of the party , no matter what way it decides .
the fact is that his power case continues to be a matter of violence , regardless of the premise , the fr of what way he decides .

tatsächlich liegt der gesamtanteil der volkswirtschaften der beitrittsländer nur bei etwa 6 % des bip einer erweiterten eu - so dass diese unmöglich signifikante auswirkungen auf den euro haben können .
indeed , the combined size of the candidate countries &apos; economies is so small--around 6 % of the enlarged eu &apos;s gdp--that they cannot possibly exert any significant effect on the euro .
in fact , the overall part of the economies of the candidate countries is only around 6 % of the eu &apos;s gdp , so that they cannot have significant effects on the euro .
in fact , the total part of the economies of the candidate countries is only about 6 % of the gdp of an enlarged eu - so that they can have an impossible impact on the euro .

es fing gut an , als die spanischen wähler den verfassungsentwurf der europäischen union annahmen , doch schlug es um , als die französischen und holländischen wähler ihn bald danach ablehnten .
it began well , when spanish voters approved the draft european union constitution , but it turned sour when french and dutch voters spurned it soon after .
it is a good thing when the spanish voters took the draft constitution of the european union , but it was proposed when the french and dutch voters were soon opposed to it .
it is a good thing when the spanish electorate took the draft constitution of the european union , but it proposed that the french and dutch voters rejected it soon .

diese regierungen haben möglicherweise bei der einführung des euro ihrer haushaltspolitischen entscheidungsfreiheit lang genug entsagt , aber in normalen zeiten werden die nationalen regierungen diese haushaltspolitische souveränität wieder beanspruchen .
they may have suspended their freedom of fiscal maneuver long enough to launch the euro , but in normal times , national governments will reclaim their fiscal turf .
these governments may have long enough to say enough in the introduction of the euro of their budgetary freedom of choice , but in normal times , national governments will reclaim these budgetary sovereignty .
these governments may have been sufficiently disregarded in the introduction of the euro of their budgetary decision-making freedom , but in normal times , national governments will reclaim this budgetary sovereignty .

dieser prozess wird gestochen scharf erkennbar , wenn wir -- dem philosophen sir isaiah berlin folgend -- die experten in &quot; igel &quot; und &quot; füchse &quot; unterscheiden .
we can see this process in sharp relief when , following the philosopher sir isaiah berlin , we classify experts as &quot; hedgehogs &quot; or &quot; foxes . &quot;
this process will be seen very clearly if we distinguish between the experts in ick and &apos; cose &apos; , and we would like to see the rapporteur , sir isaiah berlin .
this process will be seen in the light of the fact that if we distinguish between the experts in the ivory and &apos; scake &apos; , the rapporteur , mr isaiah berlin .

diese fã <unk> higkeit ist seine grã <unk> ã <unk> te stã <unk> rke , und es scheint , als hã <unk> tte er nun seine bisher riskanteste gegenoffensive eingeleitet .
this quality is his greatest strength , and it seems he has now embarked on his riskiest counteroffensive ever .
it seems that this fty is the most vulnerable to the fact that it has been the first to do so , and it seems that it is now the first to take its most offensive offensive .
this fatigue is a great concern for its major action , which is the most serious element of the action that has been committed , and it seems that it is a way of opening up to now to its most risky attack .

bei einem besuch in afrika erläuterte mir jüngst ein führender agrarwissenschaftler , dass in unserer heutigen welt der wissenschaftler immer näher an den landwirt heranrückt , sich jedoch vom politiker immer weiter entfernt .
on a recent visit to africa , a senior agricultural scientist said that in today &apos;s world , the scientist is closer than ever before to the farmer , but farther away than ever from the policymakers .
at a visit to africa , i recently explained to me a leading agricultural scientists that , in today &apos;s world , scientists are becoming ever closer to the farmer , but the politicians are still moving away .
in a visit to africa , i recently explained a leader of agriculture that , in our world today , scientists are becoming increasingly closer to the farmer , but from politicians , it is always a long way away .

das scheitern des annan-plans für zypern deutet darauf hin , dass gute absichten nicht ausreichen -- dabei waren die streitigkeiten auf zypern unbedeutend im vergleich zu dem , was israelis und palästinenser trennt .
the failure of the annan plan for cyprus suggests that good intentions are not enough -- and the disagreements in cyprus were miniscule compared to what divides israelis and palestinians .
the failure of the annan plan for cyprus indicates that good intentions were not enough - the disputes in cyprus were insignificant compared to what israelis and palestinians are eating .
the failure of the annan plan for cyprus shows that good intentions were not enough - the disputes in cyprus were insignificant compared with what israelis and palestinians are inseparating .

in all diesen punkten ist seit den im jahr 2000 in camp david gescheiterten verhandlungen die kluft zwischen den israelischen und den palästinensischen positionen nicht schmaler geworden , während angst und misstrauen angewachsen sind .
on all of these issues , the gulf between the israeli and palestinian positions has not narrowed since the failed negotiations at camp david in 2000 , while fear and distrust have increased .
in all these points , since the negotiations in camp david in the year 2000 , the gap between the israeli and palestinian positions has not become closer , while fear and mistrust have grown .
all these points have become the gap between the israeli and palestinian positions since the year 2000 in camp david failed negotiations , while fear and mistrust have grown .

vor allem anderen sollte es unser ziel sein , eine welt zu schaffen , in welcher regierungen , organisationen und völker eine ordnung bilden , die es ihnen erlaubt , ihre gemeinsamen interessen zu verfolgen , und die fundamentale universelle werte widerspiegelt .
our over ? riding goal should be to create a world in which governments , organizations , and peoples embrace arrangements that allow them to realize their shared interests and that reflect fundamental universal values .
above all , it should be our aim to create a world in which governments , organisations and peoples form a order that allows them to pursue their common interests , and the fundamental values reflect .
above all , it should be our aim to create a world in which governments , organisations and peoples form a order that allows them to follow their common interests and reflects the fundamental universal values .

diese vorstellung ist aber in gefährlicher weise falsch , denn sie führt geradewegs dazu , große moralische ( und sogar existenzielle politisch-militärische ) entscheidungen ländern wie syrien , kamerun , angola , russland , china und frankreich zu überlassen .
but this is a dangerously wrong idea , an idea that leads inexorably to handing great moral ( and even existential politico-military decisions ) to the likes of syria , cameroon , angola , russia , china , and france .
however , this idea is , in a dangerous way , wrong , because it is leading to large moral choices ( and even political , military ) , such as syria , cameroon , angola , russia , china and france .
however , this idea is wrong in a dangerous way , because it will lead to a great moral , and even vital political military ) decision by countries such as syria , cameroon , angola , russia , china and france .

in frankreich etwa spiegelt das übermäßig schmeichelhafte gedenken an präsident françois mitterrands tod vor zehn jahren in erster linie die weit verbreitete ernüchterung über seinen nachfolger jacques chirac wider .
in france for example , the overly flattering commemoration of president françois mitterrand &apos;s death ten years ago primarily reflects widespread disillusion with his successor , jacques chirac .
in france , for example , the excessive memory of president françois mitterry death 10 years ago reflects the widespread harvest of his successor jacques chirac .
in france , for example , the excessively sophisticated memory memory of president françois mitterrand , ten years ago , has been the main concern of the widespread humiliation over his successor jacques chirac .

für die menschen in polen wird papst johannes paul ii , der die menschenrechte zum zentralen thema seiner lehre machte , für immer der mann sein , der ihnen mut und hoffnung gab und ihre historische identität wiederherstellte .
for the people of poland , john paul ii , by making human rights the central subject of his teaching , will forever be the man who gave us courage and hope , who restored our historical identity .
for the people of poland , pope john paul ii , who gave human rights the central issue of his lesson , is always the man who has had courage and hope and reproduced their historic identity .
for the people of poland , pope john paul ii , who made human rights the central issue of his lesson , will always be the man who gave them the courage and hope and gave their historical identity .

aber es ist leichter , weil man , wenn man jene beschränkungen einmal angemessen angegangen ist , mit relativ einfachen änderungen der politik enorme wirtschaftliche erträge erzielen und einen wirksamen kreislauf zwischen wachstumsschub und institutioneller reform beginnen kann .
but it is easier because once those constraints are appropriately targeted , relatively simple policy changes can yield enormous economic payoffs and start a virtuous cycle of growth and institutional reform .
however , it is easier because , if we are to deal with those restrictions properly , we can achieve relatively simple changes in the policy of huge economic revenue and start an effective cycle between growth and institutional reform .
however , it is easier because , if we look at these restrictions properly , we can start with relatively simple changes to the policy of enormous economic revenue and an effective cycle of growth and institutional reform .

der völkerbund war schlicht nicht in der lage , den italienern in abessinien etwas entgegenzusetzen und noch weniger wäre er in der lage gewesen , ( wenn es ihn zu diesem zeitpunkt noch gegeben hätte ) es mit den nazis in deutschland aufzunehmen .
the league was simply not up to confronting italy in abyssinia , much less ( had it survived that debacle ) taking on nazi germany .
it was quite simply not in a position to counter the italians in avainia , and it would have been even less able to include the nazis in germany ( if it had been given it at this time ) .
it was simply not in a position to address the italians in athinia , and it would have been even less able to accept it ( if it had been present at this time ) with the nazis in germany .

ohne ein bekenntnis der regierungen , die treibhausgase auch über das jahr 2012 hinaus zu reduzieren wird der emissionsmarkt allerdings unsicher bleiben und der -- für den markt lebenswichtige - private sektor wird seine teilnahme daran wahrscheinlich auch nicht in sinnvoller und nachhaltiger weise ausbauen .
but , without a commitment by governments to limit greenhouse gas emissions beyond 2012 , the carbon market will remain uncertain , and the private sector -- vital to the market &apos;s success -- is unlikely to expand its participation in a meaningful and sustained way .
however , without a commitment by the governments to reduce greenhouse gases beyond 2012 , the emission market will remain uncertain , and the private sector will probably not develop its participation in a more sensible and sustainable way for the market .
without a commitment from governments to reduce greenhouse gases beyond 2012 , however , the emissions market will remain unsafe , and the private sector will probably not be able to develop its participation in a more sensible and sustainable way for the market .

sie betrachten vielmehr noch immer instinktiv &quot; große männer &quot; als ursache von geschichte : jene männer ( und frauen ) , die durch ihren politischen weitblick , ihr persönliches charisma und die kraft ihrer moralischen ansprüche die ereignisse zu schmieden scheinen .
instead , most people still instinctively look at &quot; great men &quot; as the agents of history , the men ( and women ) who seem to forge events through their political vision , personal charisma , and the force of their moral claims .
rather , they still consider &apos; big men &apos; to be the cause of history : men ( and women ) , who seem to be forceful by their political vision , their personal charisma and the strength of their moral rights .
rather , they still look at &apos; big men &apos; as the cause of history : those men ( and women ) , who seem to be sophisticated by their political vision , their personal charisma and the strength of their moral rights .

es wird letzten endes eine inflation in süd- und osteuropa geben -- es muss sie geben , denn wenn sich regionen entwickeln und industrialisiert werden , müssen sich ihre handelsbedingungen verbessern , und dies kann mit einer regionalen inflation im rahmen der währungsunion geschehen .
there will , after all be inflation in southern and eastern europe -- there must be , for as regions develop and industrialize their terms of trade must improve , and under a monetary union regional inflation is how this can happen .
at the end of the day , there will have to be inflation in southern and eastern europe , because if regions are developed and developed , their trade conditions need to be improved , and this can happen with regional inflation within the framework of monetary union .
at the end of the day , there will be inflation in southern and eastern europe , because if regions are developed and developed , their trade conditions must be improved , and this can be done with regional inflation within the framework of monetary union .

rechtsexperten in washington weisen darauf hin , dass bescheidene vorbereitungen zum bau von raketen- und radaranlagen nicht gegen den abm-vertrag verstoßen und folglich noch keiner ankündigung durch die usa bedürfen , den vertrag zu kündigen .
legal experts in washington suggest that modest preparations for building missile and radar sites do not violate the abm-treaty and so do not yet require a us notice to quit .
in washington , legal experts in washington point out that modest preparations for the construction of missile and raging plants do not violate the abm treaty and , consequently , no announcement by the united states needs to resign the treaty .
in washington , experts in washington pointed out that modest preparations for the construction of missile and raging plants are not breached against the abm treaty and therefore no announcement by the united states still need to sign the treaty .

die nato-friedenstruppen hatten keine anweisung , entführungen , verschwindenlassen , rachemorde und die massive zerstörung von privateigentum durch gruppen ethnischer albaner zu stoppen , die zu enormen ethnischen säuberungen nun in der umgekehrten richtung -- also unter der nichtalbanischen ( überwiegend serbischen ) bevölkerung -- führte .
nato peacekeeping troops were not directed to stop the abductions , disappearances , retaliation killings , and massive property destruction by groups of ethnic albanians , which led to a vast reverse ethnic cleansing of the non-albanian ( mainly serb ) population .
nato peacekeeping forces did not have an indication , kidnapping , depression , rail and the massive destruction of private property by ethnic groups of ethnic albanians , which led to enormous ethnic cleansing in the reversal direction - in other words , under the non-talent ( mainly serbian ) .
the nato peacekeeping forces did not have an anger , abduction , abduction , rachemical orde and the massive destruction of private property by ethnic groups , which led to enormous ethnic cleansing in the opposite direction - in other words , under the non-talent ( mainly serbian population ) .

der &quot; rückzug des staates &quot; in vielen entwicklungsländern in den letzten jahren hat eine im allgemeinen verminderte rolle der regierung mit sich gebracht , einschließlich der fähigkeit , entwicklung einzuleiten und aufrechtzuerhalten , sowie fortschrittliche soziale eingriffe der regierung in bereichen wie der öffentlichen bildung , dem gesundheitswesen , dem wohnungsbau und den versorgungseinrichtungen .
the &quot; retreat of the state &quot; in much of the developing world in recent decades has involved a generally reduced role for government , including the capacity to lead and sustain development , as well as its progressive social interventions in areas such as public education , health , housing , and utilities .
in recent years , the &apos; withdrawal of the state &apos; in many developing countries has played a general role in the government , including the ability to start and maintain development , as well as progressive social intervention by the government in areas such as public education , health care , housing and supply facilities .
in recent years , in many developing countries , the government &apos;s role in general has been reduced , including the ability to develop and maintain development , as well as progressive social intervention by the government in areas such as public education , health care , housing and supply facilities .

konfrontiert mit dem problem , in einem nationalen oder internationalen umfeld , welches sich dem einfluss &quot; normaler &quot; führer zu widersetzen scheint , positive veränderungen herbeizuführen , halten wir ausschau nach einem neuen alexander , der den gordischen knoten lösen und komplexitäten durch schiere willenskraft und dynamik überwinden kann .
confronted with the problem of bringing about positive changes in a domestic or international environment that seems to defy the power of &quot; normal &quot; leaders , one looks for new alexanders to untie the &quot; gordian knot &quot; and transcend complexity by sheer force of will and dynamism .
faced with the problem , in a national or international environment , which seems to be opposed to the influence of &apos; normal &apos; leader , we believe that positive changes are being made , we are keeping a new alexander , which can resolve the goruncians and overcome the complex nature of a more welcome and dynamic .
the problem facing the problem , in a national or international environment , which seems to be opposed to the influence of the &apos; normal &apos; leader , to bring about positive changes , we are keeping an end to a new alexander , which can solve the gorsel and overcome complex powers by means of a more welcome and dynamic .

europaübergreifend besteht heute , wie man anhand der gemeinsamen trauer und der beileidsbekundungen an spanien erkennen konnte , ein nie zuvor da gewesenes maß der solidarität ; wir müssen auf diesem enormen potenzial aufbauen , um eine logik der solidarität in unserer welt zu erschaffen .
an unprecedented degree of solidarity now exists across europe , as was apparent in the collective mourning and outpouring of sympathy towards spain ; we must build on that huge potential to create a logic of solidarity in the world .
today , as we have seen from the common european across europe , how we can see from the common trauma and the signs of sympathy to spain , an unprecedented level of solidarity that we need to build on this enormous potential in order to create a logic of solidarity in our world .
today , as a result of the common trauer and the solidarity expressed by spain , there has been an unprecedented degree of solidarity , and we must build on this enormous potential to create a logic of solidarity in our world .

doch handelt es sich dabei um ausnahmen : die kumulativen auswirkungen dieser reformen im laufe der letzten 25 jahre waren größere ungleichheit in den meisten industrie- und entwicklungsländern bei steigender arbeitslosigkeit , größeren gehaltsunterschieden , geringerem sozialschutz und einer verschlechterung der umweltsituation .
but they are exceptions : the cumulative impact of these reforms over the past 25 years has been greater inequality in most developed and developing countries , with rising unemployment , greater earnings disparities , reduced social protection , and environmental degradation .
however , this is exceptions : the cumulative effects of these reforms have been greater inequality over the last 25 years in most industrial and developing countries in the area of unemployment , greater differences in unemployment , lower social protection and a deterioration in the environmental situation .
however , these exceptions are exceptions : the cumulative effects of these reforms over the last 25 years have increased inequality in most industrial and developing countries in terms of unemployment , greater differences of opinion , lower social protection and a deterioration in the environment .

in einer hinsicht ist es gut , wenn die finanzminister der euro-zone ihre nationalen schulden langfristig gering halten wollen : ist dies doch ein zeichen dafür , dass der sieg , der in den 1970er jahren über die inflation errungen worden ist , nicht bei gelegenheit wieder aufgegeben wird .
from one perspective , it is good that the euro zone &apos;s finance ministers are eager to keep their national debts low in the long term : it is a sign that the victories over inflation won in the 1970 &apos;s will not be casually thrown away .
in a sense , it is good if the finance ministers of the euro zone want to keep their national debts in the long term : this is a sign that the victory that has been given over inflation in the 1970s is not being abandoned once again .
in a sense , it is good if the finance ministers of the euro area want to keep their national debt in the long term : this is a sign that the victory of inflation in 1970s over inflation has not been abandoned in the 1970s .

das internationale handelsverhältnis der entwicklungsländer hat sich verschlechtert : die preise primärer verbrauchsgüter sind im verhältnis zu industriegütern gesunken , genau wie die preise tropischer agrarerzeugnisse im gegensatz zu denen aus der gemäßigten klimazone , und die preise für allgemeine industriegüter sind im verhältnis zu produkten , die durch gewerbliche schutz- und urheberrechte geschützt sind , gefallen .
developing countries &apos; international terms of trade have worsened : prices of primary commodities have declined in relation to manufactures , as have tropical agriculture prices against temperate agriculture , and prices of generic manufactures have fallen relative to output protected by intellectual property rights .
the international trade relationship between developing countries has deteriorated : primary goods have fallen to industrial goods , such as the prices of tropical agricultural products in the case of the moderate climate zone , the global trade prices in the world , which have been protected by industrial and copyright , have fallen in line with the price of tropical agricultural products , which are contrary to the moderate climate zone , and the prices for industrial products , in relation to products that are protected by industrial rights and copyright .
the international trade relationship between developing countries has deteriorated : the prices of primary goods have fallen in relation to industrial goods , just as the prices of tropical agricultural products , unlike the moderate climate , and the prices for industrial products in relation to industrial products , protected by the protection of industrial and copyright rights .

schließlich stimmt fast jeder zu , dass regierungen , gemeinnützige einrichtungen und energieunternehmen weit mehr ausgeben sollten , um technologien zu entwickeln , die strom ohne co2-ausstoß erzeugen , kohlendioxid aus der atmosphäre in wälder oder meere umlenken und die erde kühlen , indem sie mehr von dem auf ihr ankommenden sonnenlicht reflektieren .
finally , almost everyone agrees that governments , non-profit institutions , and energy companies should be spending far more to develop technologies that generate non-carbon-emitting power , that remove it from the atmosphere to forests or oceans , and that cool the earth by reflecting more of the sunlight that lands on it .
after all , it is almost true that everyone agrees that governments , local and energy companies should spend far more on developing technologies that produce electricity without co2 emissions , carbon dioxide from the atmosphere or the world of the world , and costing the world , in the light of the fact that they are more reminiscent of their eyes .
finally , it is almost true that all governments should spend more use of useful energy facilities and companies in order to develop technologies that produce electricity without carbon dioxide , carbon dioxide from the atmosphere in the seas or the earth , and that they are cooling more from the light of their suitability to reflect on their sunlight .

