was von zhao ziyang bleibt
remembering and forgetting zhao ziyang
what remains of zhao ziyang
what remains of zhao ziyang .

aber irgendetwas hält lateinamerika zurück .
yet something is holding latin america back .
but anything goes back to latin america .
however , there is something that latin america is going back .

das wird sich jetzt ändern .
now , this will change .
this will change now .
that will now change .

die wirklichen gefahren der defizite
the real risks of deficits
the real dangers of shortcomings are the real dangers of deficits .
the real dangers of deficits

fünfzig prozent !
fifty percent !
50 % !
50 % !

der preisunterschied ist bei vielen anderen verbrauchsgütern sogar noch größer .
the differences in price for many other consumer goods is even larger .
the price difference is even greater in many other consumer goods .
the price difference is even greater in many other consumer products .

) keinen filmstar gefunden haben , um ihn zu ersetzen .
) found a film star to replace him .
( de ) there has been no film weapons to replace it .
) no film star found in order to replace it .

optimisten meinen , die technologie werde das problem lösen .
optimists say that technology will solve the problem .
i believe that technology will solve the problem .
i believe that technology will solve the problem .

in der zwischenzeit hat sharon teuer für seine politik bezahlt .
in the meantime , sharon has paid heavily for his policies .
in the meantime , sharon has paid expensive for its policy .
in the meantime , sharon has paid expensive for his policy .

brasilien zeigt das potenzial zu einer technologischen exportmacht .
brazil has demonstrated the ability to be a technological export power .
brazil shows the potential for a technological export force .
brazil shows the potential for a technological export power .

als verbraucher finde ich , dass großeinkaufsmärkte großartig sind .
as a consumer , i think big-box stores are great .
as consumers , i think that big purchases are great .
as a consumer , i think that big purchases are great .

seiner meinung nach sind die schwächen des liberalismus für die postkommunistischen länder besonders schädlich .
he sees the failings of liberalism as particularly pernicious in postcommunist countries .
in his opinion , the weaknesses of liberalism are particularly harmful to the post-communist countries .
in his opinion , the weaknesses of liberalism are particularly harmful to the post-communist countries .

manchmal jedoch scheint dieser wunsch in allen postmodernen demokratien überwältigend zu werden .
but sometimes this desire seems overwhelming in post-modern democracies everywhere .
however , sometimes this desire seems to be overwhelming in all post-modern democracies .
however , sometimes this desire seems to be overwhelming in all modern democracies .

vielmehr heißt es , dass es sich dabei um ein politisches problem handelt .
what it does mean is that the problem is political .
rather , it says that this is a political problem .
on the contrary , it says that this is a political problem .

man betrachte die steigende zahl prominenter bürger türkischer herkunft in deutschland .
look at the growing number of prominent citizens of turkish origin in germany .
we see the increasing number of prominent citizens of turkish origin in germany .
the increasing number of prominent citizens of turkish origin in germany seems to be seen .

in einem anderem bereich , nämlich der globalen erwärmung , haben wir allerdings schon eine frühwarnung bekommen .
but in one area , global warming , we have already received an early warning .
however , in one area , such as global warming , we have already received early warning .
in one area , namely global warming , however , we have already received a early warning .

es gibt auch eine allgemeine abneigung dagegen , nachteilige medikamentenwirkungen zu melden .
there is also a general reluctance to report unfavorable drug effects .
there is also a general disorder to report the adverse effects of diseases .
there is also a general denial against the fact that there are adverse effects on the effects of medicinal products .

außerdem hätte man das in den krieg investierte geld auch anderweitig ausgeben können .
at the same time , money spent on the war could have been spent elsewhere .
in addition , the money invested in the war could also have been spent elsewhere .
in addition , the money invested in the war could also have been spent elsewhere .

wenn wir nicht lernen , das zu respektieren , wird es für uns alle zu spät sein .
unless we learn how to respect it , we will all miss the boat .
if we do not learn to respect that , it will be too late for all of us .
if we do not learn to respect this , it will be too late for all of us .

wie de gaulle in algerien hat sharon die karten in israels politik neu gemischt .
like de gaulle in algeria , sharon has reshuffled the cards of israel &apos;s politics .
like de gaulle in algeria , sharon has remarked the cards in israel &apos;s policy .
like de gaulle in algeria , sharon has remixed the cards in israel &apos;s policy .

der bildungszugang für mädchen hat sich verbessert , und auf einigen gebieten wurde die geschlechterkluft verkleinert .
access to education for girls has improved , and some gender gaps have been reduced .
education for girls has improved , and in some areas the gender gap has been reduced .
education for girls has improved , and in some areas the gender gap has been reduced .

von der amerikanischen seite des atlantiks aus erscheinen alle dieser rationalisierungen als ausgesprochen grotesk .
from the american side of the atlantic , all of these rationales seem utterly bizarre .
from the american side of the atlantic , all of these rationalisation appear to be extremely grotesque .
from the american side of the atlantic , all of these rationalisation appear to be a very grotesque .

präsidentschaftskandidat roh plädierte für veränderte , auf unabhängigkeit und gleichberechtigung basierende beziehungen zu den usa .
candidate roh called for a new relationship between south korea and the us , one based on the principle of independence and equality .
presidential candidate roh argued for change , independence and equality relations with the united states .
presidential candidate roh called for change , independence and equal rights relations with the united states .

so haben zum beispiel internationale körperschaften wie die wto den rahmen verändert , in dem wirtschaftliche entscheidungen gefällt werden .
for example , international bodies such as the wto have changed the framework within which economic decisions are taken .
for example , international bodies such as the wto have changed the framework in which economic decisions are taken .
for example , international bodies such as the wto have changed the framework in which economic decisions are taken .

werden sie sich ebenso europäisch fühlen können wie es die polen oder tschechen schon immer getan haben ?
will they be able to feel european , like the poles or the czechs have always felt ?
will you feel as european as it has always been done by poland or czechs ?
will you be able to feel european in the same way as the poland or czechs have always done ?

derartige programme müssen gut konzipiert , zielgerichtet und koordiniert sein , um den zielgruppen die richtigen anreize zu bieten .
such programs must be well designed , targeted , and coordinated to give the right incentives to beneficiaries .
such programmes must be well developed , targeted and coordinated to provide the right incentives for target groups .
such programmes must be well developed , targeted and coordinated in order to provide the right incentives to target the target groups .

unglücklicherweise fällt das europäische system der staatlichen kunstfinanzierung dem langsamen wirtschaftswachstum und den wachsenden haushaltsdefiziten zum opfer .
unfortunately , europe &apos;s system of direct government financial support is falling victim to europe &apos;s slow economic growth and budget deficits .
unfortunately , the european system of public art funding is the victim of slow economic growth and the growing budget deficits .
unfortunately , the european system of state art financing falls victim to slow economic growth and the growing budgetary deficit .

trotz ihrer praktischen errungenschaften scheint er an der marktwirtschaft oft das herz und das menschliche antlitz zu vermissen .
the market economy , despite its practical achievements , seems to him oftentimes to lack a heart and a human face .
despite its practical achievements , it often seems to be missing from the market economy the heart and the human antlitz .
despite their practical achievements , it seems often to be the heart of the market economy and human antlitz .

dies ist der grund , warum die maßnahmen der bush-administration die dynamik virtueller terroristischer unternehmen tatsächlich stärken .
that is why the bush administration &apos;s actions actually strengthen the virtual terrorist enterprise dynamic .
this is the reason why the bush administration &apos;s measures really strengthen the dynamic of virtual terrorist companies .
this is the reason why the bush administration &apos;s measures actually strengthen the dynamic of virtual terrorist companies .

nicht wegen der tauglichkeit , sondern wegen der tatsächlichen oder vermeintlichen absichten amerikas sind regierungen jetzt besorgt .
governments are worried now , not because of capabilities , but because of america &apos;s real or imagined intentions .
governments are now concerned not because of the viability , but because of the real or alleged intentions of america .
governments are now concerned about this because of the exchange of views , but because of the real or alleged intentions of america .

zumal plausible alternativen fehlen , kann man nur hoffen , dass dies auch bei den israelis und palästinensern der fall sein wird .
in the absence of plausible alternatives , one hopes that this will also be the case for israelis and palestinians .
given the lack of alternatives , we can only hope that this will also be the case with the israelis and palestinians .
since plausible alternatives are missing , we can only hope that this will also be the case with the israelis and palestinians .

was auch immer die beweggründe waren , später fasste man den klugen entschluss , sich der uno anzuschließen .
whatever america &apos;s motive , it later wisely decided to join the un effort .
whatever the reasons were , then , the wise decision was taken to join the un .
whatever the motives were , then , the wise decision was taken to join the un later .

hinzu kommt : wenn der zeitpunkt eines krieges so wie in diesem fall gewählt werden kann , ist unzureichende vorbereitung noch weniger zu rechtfertigen .
certainly , when a war &apos;s timing is a matter of choice , as in this case , inadequate preparation is even less justifiable .
in addition , if the time of war can be elected as in this case , insufficient preparation is still less justified .
in addition , when the time of war can be elected as in this case , insufficient preparation is still less justified .

obwohl die globalisierung allmählich vor sich geht , gewann sie deutlich an kraft , als china auf den weltmärkten erschien .
although globalization is a gradual process , it gained momentum when china decided to play the game .
although globalisation is beginning to come , it has become clear when china came to the world markets .
despite the fact that globalisation is gradually beginning to come , it is clear that it seemed to be in force when china appeared on the world markets .

die befürworter von defiziten sind der ansicht , diese wären notwendig , um verlorenes vertrauen in einer volkswirtschaft wieder aufzubauen .
those who advocate running deficits often portray them as necessary to fix an economy in which confidence is draining away .
the supporters of deficit are of the view that these would be necessary to restore lost confidence in a population economy .
the supporters of deficits are of the opinion that they would be necessary to restore lost confidence in a population economy .

im großteil europas wird in der zwischenzeit die einwanderung aufgrund sinkender einwohnerzahlen und der überalterung der bevölkerung ohnehin unerlässlich geworden sein .
meanwhile , diminishing and aging populations in most of europe will have made immigration a necessity .
in the meantime , in the long term , immigration will have become essential because of falling housing and the ageing of the population .
in most of europe , immigration will , in the meantime , become essential because of sinking and the ageing of the population .

während der 90er jahre sind sie praktisch aus dem serbisch regierten kosovo ausgestiegen , indem sie parallele institutionen gründeten .
throughout the 1990 &apos;s , they virtually opted out of serbian-run kosovo by creating parallel institutions .
during the 1990s , they have , in practice , increased from the serfts of kosovo by setting up parallel institutions .
during the 1990s , they have virtually increased from the serb regime in kosovo , based on parallel institutions .

seit ihren anfängen hat die eu danach gestrebt , über vergangenes leid hinauszuwachsen und durch kooperation eine bessere zukunft zu schaffen .
since its inception , the eu has sought to reach beyond past grief and , through cooperation , to build a better future .
since its beginning , the eu has sought to grow beyond past suffering and to create a better future through cooperation .
since its initial start , the eu has tried to grow over past suffering and create a better future through cooperation .

überraschenderweise gibt es dafür keinerlei gesicherte erklärung , denn letztlich sind die gründe dafür zum großteil psychologischer natur .
surprisingly , there is no well-received explanation , because this boom &apos;s ultimate causes are mostly psychological .
there is no safe explanation for this , because ultimately the reasons for this are the majority of psychological nature .
it is surprising that there is no guarantee statement in this respect , because ultimately , the reasons for this are most psychological nature .

wahrscheinlich wäre die einzige rationale vorgehensweise anzuerkennen , dass einseitige schritte auf beiden seiten immer noch zu deeskalation und letztendlicher aussöhnung beitragen können .
probably the only rational way to proceed would be to acknowledge that unilateral steps on both sides can still further the cause of de-escalation and ultimate reconciliation .
the only rational approach would probably be to recognise that unilateral steps on both sides can still contribute to deescalation and final reconciliation .
probably the only rational approach would be to recognise that unilateral steps on both sides can still contribute to declining and final reconciliation .

viele einwanderergruppen in europa sind aufgrund der unmöglichen sozialen und wirtschaftlichen integration gezwungen , in ihren eigenen gemeinschaften zuflucht zu nehmen .
many immigrant groups in europe find themselves flung back on their own communities by the impossibility of social and economic integration .
many immigrants in europe are forced to escape from their own communities due to the impossible social and economic integration of their own communities .
many immigration groups in europe are forced to flesh out in their own communities because of the possible social and economic integration .

hierbei verhält sich europa wie amerika , das schon lange die freihandelsrhetorik im munde führt , während es in seinen handlungen diese prinzipien seit langem missachtet .
here , europe acts like america , which has long talked the rhetoric of free trade , while its actions have long ignored the principles .
europe like america , which has long led to free trade rhetoric , while it has long failed to respect these principles in its actions .
in this respect , europe like america , which has long led to free trade rhetoric , while in its actions , it has been a long way away from these principles .

gegenwärtig sind es die reichen länder , die infolge ihres verbrauchs von kohle , öl und erdgas das weltklima durch emission von milliarden tonnen kohlendioxid verändern .
right now , rich countries are changing the world &apos;s climate by emitting billions of tons of carbon dioxide each year from the use of coal , oil , and natural gas .
at present , it is the rich countries that change the global climate of carbon dioxide as a result of their consumption of coal , oil and natural gas .
at present , it is the rich countries that change the global climate from billions of tonnes of carbon dioxide as a result of their consumption of coal , oil and natural gas .

schrã <unk> ders rotgrã ¼ ne koalition hã <unk> tte mit lediglich 35 % der stimmen ein katastrophales wahlergebnis eingefahren .
with no more than 35 % of the vote , schröder &apos;s &quot; red-green &quot; coalition would have suffered a disaster .
this is only 35 % of the votes in favour of the vote , with only 35 % of the votes .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the president of the council , mr wasteer , is not doing so , with only 35 % of the votes in favour of a disastrous election result .

es liegt auf der hand , dass die reichen länder der welt es auf sich nehmen sollten , den klimawandel im laufe der nächsten generationen zu bewältigen .
clearly , the world &apos;s rich countries should carry the burden of dealing with climate change over the next generations .
it is obvious that the rich countries of the world should take it to tackle climate change over the next generations .
it is obvious that the rich countries in the world should take it up to deal with climate change over the next generations .

bemerkenswert ist , dass roh die wahl gewann , obwohl nordkorea beschlossen hatte , seine seit 1994 stillgelegten atomreaktoren wieder zu aktivieren .
remarkably , roh won the election despite north korea &apos;s decision to reactivate nuclear reactors that had been frozen since 1994 .
it is remarkable that roh was elected , although north korea decided to reactivate its nuclear reactors since 1994 .
it is remarkable that roh was the election , even though north korea decided to reactivate its nuclear reactors which have been closed since 1994 .

die situation der politischen rechten wird in jedem einzelnen zentraleuropäischen land auch durch erfahrungen beeinflusst , die in der geschichte und der tradition des jeweiligen landes verwurzelt ist .
the situation of the political right in each central european country is also influenced by experiences that are rooted in history and tradition .
the situation of political rights is also influenced by experience in every single central european country , which is rooted in history and the tradition of the country in question .
the situation of political rights is also affected by experience in each individual central european country , which is rooted in history and the tradition of the country concerned .

dazu bedarf es höherer investitionen in forschung und entwicklung im bereich energie , die zu neuen und verbesserten technologien führen . dieser prozess muss von stärkeren öffentlich-privaten partnerschaften unterstützt werden .
this would require increasing investments in energy research and development for new and improved technologies -- a process that needs to be supported by stronger public-private partnerships .
this requires increased investment in research and development in the field of energy , which will lead to new and improved technologies , and this process must be supported by greater public-private partnerships .
this requires more investment in research and development in the field of energy , which will lead to new and improved technologies , and this process must be supported by greater public-private partnerships .

vielmehr streben die amerikaner danach , in der verteidigung ihrer werte und ihrer sicherheit die welt , insbesondere die westliche welt , gegen dunkle neue bedrohungen zu verteidigen .
rather , in defending their values and security , americans strive to defend the world , especially the western world , from dark new threats .
instead , the americans are seeking to defend the world in defence of their values and their security , especially the western world , against dark threats .
on the contrary , the americans are seeking to defend new threats in defence of their values and security , especially the western world , against dark threats .

die weltbank war maßgeblich daran beteiligt , das so genannte carbon finance als praktikables entwicklungsinstrument zu fördern und die beteiligung des privaten sektors am markt zu erleichtern .
the world bank has been instrumental in advancing carbon finance as a viable development tool , and in facilitating private-sector participation in the market .
the world bank has played a major part in promoting the so-called road traffic as a viable development instrument and facilitating the participation of the private sector in the market .
the world bank has been a major part of promoting the so-called framework for development as a workable development instrument and facilitating the participation of the private sector in the market .

zusammen mit euro-skeptikern wie italiens berlusconi und österreichs schüssel-haider-koalition , kann dadurch das wesen europäischer politik entschieden verändert werden .
linked to eu <<unk>> tics like italy &apos;s berlusconi and austria &apos;s <<unk>> ssel-haider coalition , the very nature of european politics may turn decidedly nasty .
together with euro-sceptics , such as italy and austria , the same haider haider coalition , can be amended by the nature of european policy .
together with euro-sceptics , such as italy and austria , the coalition of bishop , can be changed by the nature of european policy .

um eine erfolgreiche , jugendorientierte politik zu verfolgen , müssen sich regierungen auf drei bereiche konzentrieren : jungen leute mehr möglichkeiten zu bieten , ihre fähigkeiten zu erweitern und ihnen zweite chancen einzuräumen .
to build successful youth-friendly policies , governments need to focus on three policy areas : expanding opportunities , enhancing capabilities , and providing second chances for young people .
in order to pursue a successful , youth policy , governments need to focus on three areas : to offer young people more opportunities to expand their skills and to give them second opportunities .
in order to pursue a successful , youth policy , governments must focus on three areas : young people must offer more opportunities to extend their skills and give them second opportunities .

da dies ein spezielles hilfsmittel wäre , um eine außerordentliche krise zu bewältigen , würde es nicht zum vorbild für leichtfertige angriffe auf lateinamerikas demokratisch gewählte regierungen werden .
since this is designed to defuse an exceptional crisis , it would not become a precedent that encourages frivolous attacks on latin america &apos;s democratically elected governments .
since this would be a specific aid tool in order to deal with an extraordinary crisis , it would not become the model of tireless attacks on latin america democratically elected governments .
given that this would be a specific aid tool to deal with an extraordinary crisis , it would not be an example of bad attacks on latin america democratically elected governments .

im afrika südlich der sahara verfehlten es die meisten volkswirtschaften , den vom internationalen währungsfond ( iwf ) und der welt-bank geforderten anpassungsprogrammen zu entsprechen .
in sub-saharan africa , most economies failed to respond to the adjustment programs demanded by the imf and world bank .
in africa , the sub-saharan sahara failed to meet most of the economies required by the international monetary fund ( imf ) and the world bank for adjustment programmes .
in africa in south of the sahara , it failed to meet the majority of the economies of the international monetary fund ( imf ) and the world bank &apos;s adjustment programmes required .

oder man denke an die vielen indischen oder pakistanischen briten der zweiten generation , die heute in business-anzügen und laptops die ganze welt bereisen .
consider the many second generation indian and pakistani britons who are now seen in business suits carrying laptop computers and flying around the world .
or think of the many indian or pakistani british british , the second generation of the second generation , which is now in the business of the tons and shoes , the entire world .
or we are thinking of the many indian or pakistani british people of the second generation , who are now looking at the whole world .

die rolle der regierung - der einzige spieler , der mit dem mandat der bevölkerung eine legitimität besitzt - ist von grundlegendem gewicht , um eine gesellschaft vorwärts zu steuern .
the role of government--the only actor possessing the legitimacy of a popular mandate--is fundamentally important in steering a society forward .
the role of the government - the only player who has legitimacy with the mandate of the population - is of fundamental importance in order to move towards a society .
the role of the government - the only players who have legitimacy with the mandate of the population - is of fundamental importance in order to move towards a society .

unsere rentensysteme und staatshaushalte müssen auf einer art , , generationenbuchhaltung`<unk> beruhen , die sicherstellt , dass das risiko gleichmäßig auf die generationen verteilt wird .
our pension systems and our national budgets must be based on a ``generational accounting &apos; &apos; that assures that economic risk is spread systematically across generations .
our pension systems and state budgets need to be based on a kind of , generosity of accounts , which ensure that the risk is distributed equally to generations .
our pension systems and statutes must be based on a kind of , generosity , generational accounting , which ensures that the risk is distributed equally to generations .

gemessen an internationalen standards ist die region nicht arm , sondern eher gefangen im mittleren einkommensbereich zwischen den ärmsten und den reichsten ländern der welt in nordamerika , europa und ostasien .
indeed , the region is not poor by international standards , but rather stuck in the middle-income range between the world &apos;s poorest places and the high-income countries of north america , europe , and east asia .
as far as international standards are concerned , the region is not poor , but rather is caught in the middle income area between the poorest and the richest countries of the world in north america , europe and east asia .
in terms of international standards , the region is not poor , but rather in the middle of income between the poorest and the richest countries of the world in north america , europe and east asia .

außerdem schmälern kämpfe der sozialisten untereinander eine ihrer größten politischen stärken : die nüchterne disziplin und den politischen professionalismus , den sie aus ihren kommunistischen tagen geerbt haben .
moreover , infighting among the socialists has dented one of their biggest political advantages : the hard-headed discipline and political professionalism inherited from their communist days .
in addition , the socialists &apos; clashes are strengthening one of their largest political groups : the cautious discipline and the political professionalism that they have suffered from their communist days .
in addition , the socialists are fighting against one of their largest political groups : the fierce discipline and political professionalism that they have suffered from their communist days .

je länger die energiepreise ihr gegenwärtiges hohes niveau beibehalten , desto größer ist die wahrscheinlichkeit , dass die inflationserwartungen zunehmen werden und sich zweitrundeneffekte einstellen werden .
the longer energy prices remain at their current lofty levels , the greater the probability that inflationary expectations will increase and that second-round effects will materialize .
the longer energy prices continue to maintain their current high level , the greater the likelihood that inflation rates will increase and that the second effects will be halted .
more than ever , energy prices maintain their high level , the more likely that inflation can be increased and that the second effects will be put to an end .

sie sind es nicht , denen man die schuld gibt für steil ansteigende preise , oder die den bösen geist der inflation wieder in die flasche hinein zwängen müssen .
they are not the ones who will be blamed for soaring prices , nor are they the ones who will have to force the inflation genie back into the bottle .
they are not the ones who blame for rising prices , or the tireless spirit of inflation must again be imposed on the bottlenecks .
they are not the blame for rising prices , or the sophisticated spirit of inflation must once again be forced into the flagrant constraints .

wenn immer änderungsvorschläge zur us-verfassung gemacht wurden , die auf irgendeine art von haushaltsausgleich abzielten , dann haben die befürworter darin typischerweise ausnahmen nicht nur für den kriegsfall sondern auch für die rezession vorgesehen .
whenever proposals have surfaced for some sort of balanced-budget amendment to the us constitution , proponents have typically included exemptions not just for war , but also for recessions .
if we have always proposed amendments to the us constitution , which were aimed at any kind of budgetary compensation , then the supporters in this regard have provided for exceptions not only for the war , but also for the recession .
when amendments to the us constitution have always been made to the us constitution , which were aimed at any kind of budgetary compensation , the supporters of it have , of course , provided for exceptions not only for the war case , but also for the recession .

zwischen 1995 und 2005 ist die deutsche wirtschaft lediglich um 14,6 % gewachsen , während die alte eu 24 % , die usa 39,9 % und die weltwirtschaft 45,6 % erreichten .
from 1995 to 2005 , germany will have grown by only 14.6 % , while the old eu on average will have grown by 24 % , the us by 39.9 % , and the world economy by 45.6 % .
between 1995 and 2005 , the german economy has only increased by 14.6 % , while the old eu accounts for 24 % , the usa reached 39.9 % and the global economy of 45.6 % .
between 1995 and 2005 , the german economy has only increased by 14.6 % , while the old eu has reached 24 % , the usa has 399.9 % and the global economy achieved 45.6 % .

die mischung aus generationswechsel und dem starken wunsch nach fortführung der annäherungspolitik an nordkorea - ungeachtet seiner politik am rande des atomaren abgrundes - führt beinahe zwangsläufig zu konflikten mit den usa .
but couple the generational changeover thaty put him in office with a strong popular desire for continued engagement with north korea--notwithstanding north korea &apos;s growing nuclear brinkmanship--and the recipe is complete for disputes with the us .
the mixture of generosity and the strong desire for the continuation of the north sea policy - despite its policy on the brink of the nuclear waste - inevitably leads to conflicts with the united states .
the mixture of generosity and the strong desire for the continuation of the policy towards north korea - regardless of its policy on the brink of nuclear waste - leads almost to conflicts with the united states .

doch gehen die großen demokratien der welt - die usa , indien , das vereinigte königreich und andere - vermehrt dazu über , den frei geäußerten meinungen nicht zu erlauben , der regierung schranken aufzuerlegen .
but the world &apos;s great democracies--the us , india , the uk , and others--are increasingly adept at not allowing freely expressed opinions to constrain what the government does .
however , the major democracies of the world - the united states , india , the united kingdom and others - are increasing by not allowing the free opinions that have been expressed to impose barriers on the government .
however , the great democracies in the world - the united states , india , the united kingdom and others - are increasing the way in which they do not allow the opinions that have been expressed free to impose barriers on the government .

welche maßnahmen müssen wir jetzt ergreifen , um die risiken zu verringern , die sich aus der immer wahrscheinlicher eintretenden erderwärmung und dem klimawandel für unsere nachfahren und unseren planeten ergeben ?
what actions are we obligated to take now in order to diminish the risks to our descendants and our planet from the increasing likelihood of global warming and climate change ?
what measures must we take now to reduce the risks arising from the ever more likely global warming and climate change for our planet ?
what measures must we now take to reduce the risks resulting from the increasingly likely global warming and climate change for our neighbour and our planet ?

falls in großbritannien irgendwann eine volksabstimmung über die einführung des euro abgehalten werden sollte , so wird uns ihr ergebnis höchstwahrscheinlich alles mögliche über tony blair und über die europäische union sagen , aber wenig über die vor- und nachteile der gemeinsamen währung .
if and when britain votes on joining the euro , the result will most likely tell us all sorts of things about tony blair and about the european union , but little about the merits of the common currency .
if a referendum should be held in britain at some point on the introduction of the euro , it will probably be possible to say everything about tony blair and about the european union , but little about the advantages and disadvantages of the single currency .
if , at some point , a referendum should be held on the introduction of the euro , it will probably be possible to say everything possible about tony blair and about the european union , but little about the advantages and disadvantages of the single currency .

in den nächsten drei wochen wird die israelische armee etwas völlig neues tun : anstatt das land gegen feinde oder terroristen von außen zu verteidigen , wird sie -- gegebenenfalls mit gewalt -- 9.000 israelis aus ihren häusern vertreiben .
in the next three weeks , the israeli army will do something unprecedented : instead of defending the country against external enemies or terrorism , it will evacuate -- by force if necessary -- 9,000 israelis from their homes .
in the next three weeks , the israeli army will do something completely new : instead of defending the country against enemies or terrorists from outside , it will , if necessary , be represented by violence by 9000 israelis from their homes .
in the next three weeks , the israeli army will do something completely new : instead of defending the country against enemies or terrorists from outside , it will - if necessary - cooperated with violence - 9000 israelis from their homes .

in zukünftigen verhandlungen müssen die endgültigen grenzen zwischen israel und palästina , das schicksal von 200.000 jüdischen siedlern im westjordanland , der status von jerusalem und das problem der palästinensischen flüchtlinge von 1947 / 48 besprochen werden .
future negotiations will have to deal with the ultimate borders between israel and palestine , the fate of 200,000 jewish settlers in the west bank , the status of jerusalem , and with the problem of the 1947-48 palestinian refugees .
in future negotiations , the final borders between israel and palestine , the fate of 200000 jewish colonies in the west bank , the status of jerusalem and the problem of the palestinian refugees from 1947 / 48 .
in future negotiations , the final borders between israel and palestine , the fate of 200 000 jewish associations in the west bank , the status of jerusalem and the problem of palestinian refugees from 1947 / 48 .

zudem hat sie , entgegen den versprechen ihrer befürworter , dazu geführt , dass nettokapital langfristig von der kapitalarmen an die kapitalreiche bevölkerung fließt , während sie die finanzielle unbeständigkeit steigerte und die wirtschaftliche aktivität schwächte .
in addition , contrary to the promises of its proponents , financial liberalization has actually resulted in net capital flows from the capital-poor to the capital-rich over the long term , while increasing financial volatility and weakening economic activity .
furthermore , contrary to the promises made by their supporters , it has led to net capital from the capital capital to the rich people of capital in the long term , while it eroded the financial viability and weakening economic activity .
in addition , contrary to the promises made by your supporters , it has led to the long-term flow of net capital from the poor people of capital to the capital , while it undermines the financial inconsistency and the economic activity .

auch wenn sich der geldumlauf mehr als doppelt so schnell vermehrt wie das bruttoinlandprodukt ( bip ) , ist das inflationsrisiko wahrscheinlich doch gering , da noch erhebliche überschusskapazitäten vorhanden sind .
although monetary growth is more than twice the rate of real gdp growth , the inflationary risk is probably low because substantial excess capacity exists .
even though the money is more than doubled than twice as rapidly as the gross domestic product ( gdp ) , inflation risks are probably low , because there are still considerable surplus capacity .
even though the dumd is more than doubled than twice as quickly as the gross domestic product ( gdp ) , the inflation risk is probably low , since there are still significant surplus capacities .

die regierungen überall in den entwicklungsländern müssen dringend eine geeignete mischung aus investitionen und politischen strategien entwickeln , um ihre jungen leute zu unterstützen , eine ausbildung zu erlangen , arbeit zu finden , gesund zu bleiben , familien zu gründen und sich staatsbürgerlich zu betätigen .
throughout the developing world , governments urgently need to devise the right mix of investments and policies to encourage their young people to get an education , find work , stay healthy , form families , and exercise citizenship .
governments across the developing countries urgently need to develop an appropriate mixture of investment and political strategies in order to support their young people , to obtain training , to find work , to be healthy and to stay , to families and to become citizens .
governments in developing countries must urgently develop an appropriate mixture of investment and political strategies to support their young people , to find training , to find work , to stay healthy and to remain families and to become a citizen .

angesichts der angst vor dem terrorismus und des argwohns gegenüber aktienkapital erscheint geographische berühmtheit solide , wenn nicht gar selbstverstärkend : je bekannter new york , paris und london werden , desto glamouröser werden sie auch .
as with fear of terrorism and suspicion of equities , geographical celebrity appears resilient , if not self-reinforcing : the more famous new york , paris , and london get , the more glamorous they become .
in view of the fear of terrorism and of poor people in relation to limited capital , it seems to be geographically advantageous if not self-evident : the more known new york , paris and london , the glamse they will be .
in view of the fear of terrorism and the array of capital , geographical sovereignty seems to be a very good thing , if not even more self-self-evident : the known new york , paris and london will become , the glamb will be the one .

zahlreichen beobachtern drängte sich dabei der gedanke auf , dass das reichste land der welt das geizigste im bereich der auslandshilfe ist -- umso mehr , wenn man dessen ausgaben für hilfsleistungen mit denen für krieg und verteidigung vergleicht .
this led many observers to reflect on the fact that the world &apos;s richest country was in general the most miserly in foreign assistance -- all the more so in comparison to the amount it spends on war and defense .
the idea that the richest country in the world is the most unfortunate country in the area of foreign aid - all the more so if we compare its spending on aid to those for war and defence .
many observers were pressing for the idea that the most rich country in the world is the most vulnerable in the area of foreign aid - all the more so if we compare expenditure on aid for aid to those who are in war and defence .

da die usa mit nmd fortfahren , müssen sie entweder gegen den vertrag verstoßen oder ihn sechs monate vorher aufkündigen ; dazu sind beide unterzeichner berechtigt , falls sie der meinung sind , dass ihre vitalen sicherheitsinteressen einen solchen schritt erfordern .
as the us proceeds with nmd , it will either have to violate the treaty or give six months notice to quit , something both signatories are entitled to do if they feel their vital security interests demand it .
as the united states continues with nmd , they must either violate the treaty or resign it six months before ; both signatories are entitled to do so if they believe that their vital security interests require such a step .
since the united states continues with nmd , they must either violate the treaty or sign it six months before ; both signatories are entitled to this if they believe that their vital security interests require such a step .

so wurde deutschland in letzter zeit von einer reihe von eu-ländern beim pro-kopf-einkommen überholt -- darunter von irland , großbritannien , den niederlanden und frankreich -- , doch noch immer ist das wachstum in deutschland geringer als in all diesen ländern .
germany has recently been overtaken in terms of per capita income by several eu countries , including ireland , the uk , the netherlands , and france , and is still growing more slowly than all of them .
in recent times , germany has been outdated by a number of eu countries in the case of per capita income , including ireland , britain , the netherlands and france , but growth in germany is still less than in all these countries .
in recent times , germany has been outdated by a number of eu countries at per capita income - including ireland , britain , the netherlands and france - but growth in germany is still lower than in all these countries .

aber der kürzliche zusammenbruch des wachstums- und stabilitätspaktes , der von seinem erfinder deutschland unter mitwirkung des mitverschwörers und willigen komplizen frankreich zu fall gebracht wurde , erinnert uns an die wichtigste lektion : gewählte politiker finden es schwierig , wenn nicht gar unmöglich , umfangreiche kompetenzen im bereich der haushaltspolitik aus den händen zu geben .
but the recent death of the stability and growth pact-killed off by germany , its father , with france acting as co-conspirator and willing accomplice-reminds us of a key lesson : elected politicians find it hard , if not impossible , to relinquish substantial power in the area of fiscal policy .
however , the recent collapse of the growth and stability pact , which has been taken into account by its inventory of germany , with the participation of the covenant and accomplices of france , reminds us of the most important lesson : elected politicians find it difficult , if not impossible , to provide extensive competences in the field of budgetary policy .
however , the recent collapse of the growth and stability pact , which has been made up of germany &apos;s inventory of participation and complicity of france , reminded us of the most important lesson : elected politicians find it difficult , if not impossible , to give extensive powers in the field of budgetary policy .

nicht einmal propaganda , jubelnde iraker in den straßen und das staunen über die intelligenten bomben der amerikaner würden von einer schrecklichen wahrheit ablenken können - dass nämlich bush und blair den weltfrieden gebrochen und vorsätzliches töten angeordnet haben und das noch dazu gegen die überwältigende mehrheit auf der welt .
propaganda , streets lined with cheering iraqis , amazement over the prowess of us smart bombs , would not distract us from an awful truth-that bush and blair shattered world peace , engaged in massive premeditated killing , and did so against overwhelming global opinion .
not even propaganda , jewish iraqis in the streets and the staunch about the intelligent bombs of the americans would be able to escape from a terrible truth - that bush and blair have broken the world &apos;s peace and deliberately killing it , which is still against the overwhelming majority in the world .
not even propaganda , jewish iraq in the streets and the staunch bombs of the americans would be able to depart from a terrible truth - that bush and blair have broken down world peace and deliberately killing the world , which is still opposed to the overwhelming majority in the world .

nun konnten 60 % der exportgewinne zum tageskurs und der rest zu dem von der rbi festgelegten kurs umgetauscht werden . ( dieser kurs wurde von der regierung dazu benutzt , wichtige einfuhren wie petroleum , speiseöl , düngemittel und lebenswichtige medikamente zu finanzieren ) .
this was subsequently replaced with a two-tier exchange-rate system making the rupee partially convertible--60 % of export earnings could be converted at the market exchange rate , and the rest at the rbi &apos;s fixed rate ( used by the government to finance essential imports like petroleum , cooking oil , fertilizers , and life-saving drugs ) .
now , 60 % of export profits have been able to convert on the day and the rest on the course set by the rus , and this course has been used by the government to finance important imports such as leg oil , food , fertilisers and vital medicines ) .
now , 60 % of the export profits have been able to be deferred to the course of the day and the rest of the course set out by the rbi ( this course was used by the government to finance important imports such as lever , fertiliser oil , fertilisers and important medicines ) .

eine sache ist es , das &quot; europäische projekt &quot; zu unterstützen , wenn es darum geht , deutschland so eng an frankreich zu binden , dass niemand es jemals wieder als lohnend erachten wird , einen krieg darüber zu führen , welche sprache in elsass-lothringen gesprochen wird .
it is one thing to back the &quot; european project &quot; when the idea is to bind germany so tightly to france that never again will anybody think it worthwhile to wage a war over what language is spoken in alsace-lorraine .
it is a matter of supporting the &apos; european project &apos; , when it comes to involving germany so closely to france , that no one ever sees it as a wage to conduct a war on which language is referred to in elsa-lothnia .
it is a matter for us to support the &apos; european project &apos; , when it comes to linking germany so closely to france , that no one will ever see it as a wage to lead to a war on what language is being spoken in elsassman &apos;s language .

die us-wirtschaft hat viele andere stärken , unter anderem ihr überlegenes finanzsystem und ihre führende stellung bei hightech-investitionsgütern , doch bleibt die tatsache , dass amerikas vorsprung in diesen bereichen bisher bei weitem nicht so bemerkenswert war wie das wal-mart-phänomen .
the us economy has many other strengths , including its superior financial system and leading position in high-tech capital goods , but the fact remains that america &apos;s advantage in these areas has so far not been nearly as striking as the wal-mart phenomenon .
many others have strengthened the us economy , among other things , their excessive financial system and its leading position on high-tech investment goods , but the fact that america has so far far been far from remarkable in these areas , has been as remarkable as the forest phenomenon .
many others have strengthened the us economy , including their overfinancial system and its leading position on high-tech investment goods , but the fact that latin america has so far not been as remarkable in these areas as the forest phenomenon was like the mart phenomenon .

während die amerikaner behaupten , nmd richte sich gegen niemanden und alles , was die usa wollten , sei der schutz ihrer bürger vor staaten wie irak oder nordkorea , denkt ansonsten fast jeder anders . die russen befürchten , amerika wolle seine militärische überlegenheit ( und russlands unterlegenheit ) auf immer zementieren ; die chinesen sind beunruhigt , dass nmd eine amerikanische bereitschaft signalisiert , taiwan bei der wahrung der unabhängigkeit zu helfen , und die europäer sind darüber besorgt , dass die amerikanischen pläne zu spannungen mit russland führen und dass die usa sich von europa lösen könnten .
while americans claim that nmd is not directed against anyone , that all the us wants is to protect its citizens against states like iraq or north korea , almost everyone else thinks differently : russians fear that america wants to cement its military superiority ( and russia &apos;s inferiority ) forever ; the chinese are concerned that nmd signals american readiness to help taiwan remain independent ; europeans worry that america &apos;s plans invite tensions with russia and may separate the us from europe .
while the americans claim that nmd was opposed to no one and everything that the united states wanted to protect its citizens from countries such as iraq or north korea , it would be almost different , and the russians fear that america wants to keep its military suitability ( russia and russia ’ s subsistence ) ; the chinese are worried that nd is a willingness to help taiwan with respect for independence , and europeans are concerned that american tensions could lead to russia and that the united states could resolve europe .
while the americans claim that nmd was against anyone and everything that the united states wanted to protect their citizens from countries such as iraq or north korea , the russians fear that america wants to overturn its military sovereignty ( and russia ) , and that the chinese are worried that the american willingness to help taiwan in respect of independence , and that europeans are concerned that the american tension could lead to russia and that the united states could solve it .

baghdad hat das assad-regime wiederholt beschuldigt , es lasse zu , dass irakische gelder an aufständische weitergeleitet würden , und hat die syrer kürzlich davon in kenntnis gesetzt , dass ein bei der leiche eines islamistischen kämpfers in falludscha gefundenes foto diesen zusammen mit einem führenden syrischen geheimdienstler zeige .
baghdad has repeatedly accused the assad regime of allowing iraqi funds to be channeled to insurgents , and recently notified the syrians that the photograph of a senior syrian intelligence official taken with an islamist combatant was found on the latter &apos;s body in falluja .
the ad hoc regime has repeatedly accused the assad regime that it would go on to iraqi money , and it has recently noted that , in the case of an islamic leader in the case of an islamic war , in the case of an islamic leader in the case of an abua , in the case of a man in the case of the abua jutia , that he has sent his hands to iraq , and he has recently informed him that he has taken note of the fact that , in the case of an islamic advocate in the case of a man in the case of jautia jail , he has been playing his head with a secret of a secret .
the ad hoc regime has repeatedly accused of the ashdad regime , that iraqi money would be passed on , and the syrian syrian regime recently noted that one in the face of an islamic attack in uuhan gean has repeatedly accused of this regime , together with a leading trilliant , with a syrian .

