damit wären beide vorschläge politisch undurchführbar .
both proposals are thus politically unfeasible .
this would make both proposals politically impractical .
this would make both proposals politically impossible .

ist der boom damit zu ende ?
has the boom ended ?
is the boat to end ?
is the boat in order to end ?

es gibt wenig grund für optimismus .
there is little reason for optimism .
there is little reason for optimism .
there is little reason for optimism .

die gespenster der vergangenheit
the ghosts of economics past
the divisions of the past have been divided .
the holy of the past

auf keinen fall .
absolutely not .
it is not true .
no case is the case .

falls er ein reformer ist , so sind davon wenige überzeugt .
if he &apos;s a reformer , few are convinced .
if he is a reform , there are few people who are convinced of it .
if he is a reform , a few of them are convinced .

weil er über diese frage nicht eine sekunde nachgedacht hat .
because he has not thought about the question for one moment .
because he did not think about this issue .
because he did not think about this issue .

seine baathistische führung wird allerdings nicht alleine untergehen .
his ba &apos;athist government , however , will not go alone .
however , his baathcal leadership will not go alone .
however , his baathist leadership will not go alone .

es ist an der zeit , ernsthafte maßnahmen zu ergreifen :
the time has come to get serious :
it is time to take serious measures :
it is time to take serious measures :

zumindest würde serbien stark gegen eine anerkennung ankämpfen .
at a minimum , serbia would campaign strongly against recognition .
at least serbia would be strongly opposed to recognition .
at least serbia would be strongly opposed to recognition .

es ist an der zeit , den neoliberalismus und den washingtoner konsens aufzugeben .
it is time to abandon neoliberalism and the washington consensus .
it is time to abandon neo-liberalism and washington &apos;s consensus .
it is time to abandon neo-liberalism and the washington consensus .

war es wunschdenken oder selbsterfüllende prophezeiung ?
was this wishful thinking or self-fulfilling prophecy ?
was it a wish thinking or an independent prophecy ?
was it a wish thought or self-testing ?

schwere zeiten wie die große depression waren immer auch zeiten eines grundlegenden wandels .
hard times , like the great depression , have been occasions for fundamental changes .
serious times such as the great depression have always been times of fundamental change .
serious times such as the great depression have always been times of fundamental change .

heute ist eine derartige erklärung verbunden mit einer gründlichen beweisführung nicht weniger notwendig .
such an explanation , backed by rigorous evidence , is no less necessary today .
today , a declaration of this kind is not less necessary with a thorough evidence .
today , such a statement is not linked to a thorough evidence of proof .

die welt scheint in zeiten wie diesen wirklich ein globales dorf zu sein .
indeed , it is at times like this that the world truly does seem like a global village .
the world seems to be a global village in times like this .
in times such as this , the world seems to be a global village in time .

war der krieg im hinblick auf seine kosten und nutzen gerechtfertigt und war er wirklich der letzte ausweg ?
was the war justified in terms of costs and benefits , and was war really the last resort ?
was the war justified in terms of its costs and benefits , and was it really the last way ?
was the war justified in terms of its costs and benefits , and was it really the last way of doing so ?

schließlich sind konfrontationen wie diese nicht ungewöhnlich in lateinamerikas starren präsidialsystemen .
after all , confrontations like this are not unusual in latin america &apos;s rigid presidential systems .
finally , disputes such as those which are not unusual in latin america are rigid presidential systems .
after all , there is a lack of confusion in latin america , such as these are not unusual in latin america .

infolge dieser nachlässigkeit ist der kosovo heute von giftigen gesellschaftlichen und politischen rückständen erfüllt .
as a result of this neglect , a noxious social and political residue pervades today &apos;s kosovo .
as a result of this negligence , kosovo has now met with toxic social and political backwardness .
as a result of this negligence , kosovo has now been fulfilled by toxic social and political backgrounds .

der einzige weg , um solche befürchtungen auszuräumen , ist durch engeren und häufigeren dialog .
the only way to arrest such fears is through closer and more frequent dialogue .
the only way to eliminate such fears is through closer and more frequent dialogue .
the only way to overcome such fears is through closer and more frequent dialogue .

als ergebnis dieser fehlentwicklungen erzielen kleine eliten vorteile , während die mehrheit darunter leidet .
the result of such failures is that small elites benefit while the majority suffers .
as a result of these failed developments , small elites benefit , while the majority are suffering .
as a result of these failure developments , small elites benefit , while the majority is suffering .

die heutige ära der globalisierung entwickelte sich mit der verbreitung des computers und des internets .
today &apos;s era of globalization emerged with the spread of computers and the internet .
today &apos;s era of globalisation is developing with the spread of the computers and the internet .
today &apos;s era of globalisation is developing with the spread of the computers and the internet .

auch in der quasselstube am new yorker east river wird man weiterschwatzen .
the looming chatterbox on new york &apos;s east river will also continue to bleat .
even in the quasser of the new south east east , we will continue to go further .
in the quasses of the new iraqi east , too , we will continue to go on .

die anpassungsmechanismen auf nationaler ebene und deren angemessene finanzielle dotierung werden zunehmend als hauptthema anerkannt werden .
increasingly , adaptation at the national level will be recognized as a major issue that will require appropriate funding .
the adjustment mechanisms at national level and their adequate financial management are increasingly recognised as the main issue .
the adaptation mechanisms at national level and their appropriate financial regulation are increasingly recognised as the main issue .

in unserem globalisierten zeitalter sind es angeblich enorme , unpersönliche mächte , die den verlauf der ereignisse bestimmen .
in our globalized age , vast impersonal forces are supposed to determine events .
in our globalised era , it is allegedly enormous , unpersonal powers that determine the course of events .
in our globalised age , it is allegedly enormous , unpersonal powers that determine the course of events .

seit über 20 jahren vertrete ich den standpunkt , dass die hohen arbeitslosenquoten in europa unhaltbar sind .
for over 20 years i have argued that western europe &apos;s high unemployment rates are unsustainable .
for over 20 years , i believe that the high unemployment rates in europe have been untenable .
for over 20 years , i believe that the high unemployment rates in europe have been untenable .

trotz der enormen menge an hervorragenden daten , waren ergebnisse also in quälend weiter ferne .
so despite the enormous amount of excellent data that was collected , the solution remained tantalizingly out of reach .
despite the enormous amount of excellent data , results were , in other words , too long .
in spite of the enormous amount of excellent data , results have therefore been further distance in the near future .

es waren unabhängig und häufig innerhalb des betreffenden landes selbst entwickelte anschläge , bei denen kurzfristig verfügbare ressourcen zum einsatz kamen .
independently generated plots emerged and used ad hoc resources , often within the target country .
it was independent and often developed within the country in question , where resources available in the short term were used .
it was independent and often developed in the country itself , where available resources were used in the short term .

eine wünschenswerte vision für die zukunft der menschheit muss universell geteilte konzeptionen von gerechtigkeit und billigkeit ansprechen .
a desirable vision for the future of humanity must appeal to universally shared conceptions of justice and equity .
a desirable vision for the future of humanity must address universal concepts of justice and cheap concepts .
a desirable vision for the future of humanity must address universal concepts of justice and cheap importance .

partnerschaft hilft bei problemen , die sich auf rein nationaler ebene nicht lösen lassen und bedeutet , dass lasten geteilt werden .
partnership facilitates solutions to problems that defy purely national responses and means that burdens are shared .
partnership helps with problems which cannot be resolved at purely national level and means that the burden is shared .
partnership helps to solve problems that cannot be resolved at purely national level and means that the burden will be shared .

wenn die iraker mit diesen waffen angreifen , wäre das ein beweis , dass diese waffen einsatzbereit waren .
if the iraqis launch an attack with such weapons , this would demonstrate that the weapons were ready for use .
if the iraqis used with these weapons , this would prove that these weapons were ready .
if the iraqi people use these weapons , it would be proof that these weapons were ready to operate .

in der vergangenheit haben manche regierungen ihre hohen staatschulden wirksam , , weginflationiert`<unk> .
in the past , some governments , when faced with large national debts , effectively ``inflated them away . &apos; &apos;
in the past , some governments have effective government debt , inflation , inflation .
in the past , some governments have effective their high state debt , and they have no inflation .

in europa und japan ist das defizitrisiko im sozialversicherungs- und gesundheitsbereich aufgrund der noch schwierigeren demografischen situation noch höher .
the potential for budgetary shortfall with social security and health care is even worse in europe and japan , due to their more troublesome demographics .
in europe and japan , the deficit risk of social security and health is even higher due to the even more difficult demographic situation .
in europe and japan , the deficit risk in the social security and health sector is still higher due to the more difficult demographic situation .

stattdessen breitet sich jetzt zwischen bayern und der donau ein hässlicher neuer nationalistischer populismus aus .
in its place , an ugly new form of national populism is emerging across the plain that extends between bavaria and the danube .
instead , the bavaria between bavaria and the danube is now experiencing a sophisticated new nationalistic populism .
instead , the bavaria and the donau is now becoming a sham of new nationalist populism .

europa braucht eine währungspolitik , die die unterstützung des beschäftigungswachstums in nordeuropa als wichtiger ansieht als die preisstabilität des kontinents .
europe needs a monetary policy that views aiding employment growth in northern europe as more important than continental price stability .
europe needs a monetary policy which considers it more important to support employment growth in northern europe than the price stability of the continent .
europe needs a monetary policy that considers support for employment growth in northern europe more important than price stability in the continent .

transparenz und klarheit in der haushaltspolitik ist realistischerweise alles , was die kommission von den nationalen regierungen europas verlangen kann .
realistically , all that the commission can ask of european national governments is for transparency and clarity in their fiscal accounts .
transparency and clarity in budgetary policy is realistic about what the commission can demand from the national governments of europe .
transparency and clarity in budgetary policy is realistic , and that is what the commission can demand from the national governments of europe .

infolgedessen irren sich die igel häufiger , weisen aber bei einer internetsuche mehr google-treffer auf .
the result : hedgehogs make more mistakes , but they pile up more hits on google .
as a result , the icks are more frequent , but they are making more progress in the search for internet search .
as a result , the ivory has become more frequent , but when it comes to internet search , it is more accredited .

unsere werte spiegeln die demokratische debatte selbst wieder , nichts weiter , und unsere verteidigung dieser werte muss drei miteinander in zusammenhang stehende felder aufgreifen .
our values reflect the democratic debate itself , nothing more , and our defense of them must address three related fields .
our values reflect the democratic debate itself , nothing further , and our defence of these values must take up three areas linked to each other .
our values reflect the democratic debate itself , nothing further , and our defence of these values must address three areas in connection with each other .

in der heutigen welt gibt es keinen unüberbrückbaren konflikt entlang der machtachse europa , russland , china , japan und usa .
today &apos;s world lacks irreconcilable conflict among the main concentrations of world power : europe , russia , china , japan , and the us .
in today &apos;s world , there is no unbridled conflict along the path of power europe , russia , china , japan and the united states .
in today &apos;s world , there is no confusion along the power of europe , russia , china , japan and the united states .

heute scheinen es die verträge von potsdam von 1945 zu sein , die die massenweise ausweisung von deutschen zuließen .
today , it appears that the potsdam declarations of 1945 , which sanctioned the mass eviction of german populations , are the new enemy .
today , it seems to be the treaties of potsdam of 1945 , which allowed the mass expulsion of german .
today , it seems to be the treaty of potsdam of 1945 , which allowed the mass expulsion of german .

in russland werden die menschenrechte einfach deshalb oft verletzt , weil sich die menschen nicht bewusst sind , dass sie über ein gewisses recht verfügen .
human rights in russia are often violated simply because people are not aware that they have some particular right .
human rights are often violated in russia because people are not aware that they have a certain right .
human rights in russia are simply being violated because people are not aware that they have a certain right .

sein &quot; kriegsansatz &quot; erleichtert es den islamistischen terroristen , den westen als gleichermaßen geeinte , übel wollende kraft zu betrachten .
his &quot; war &quot; approach is making it easier for islamist terrorists to view the west as an equally united and malevolent force .
his &apos; war approach &apos; makes it easier for the islamic terrorists to look at the west as a united , evil force .
his &apos; war approach &apos; makes it easier for the islamic terrorists , the west as an equally united , to look at evil .

können diese fragen aber in zeiten aktualisiert werden , da der wirtschaftliche abschwung in den meisten industrieländern politiker dazu veranlasst , sich auf kurzfristige ziele zu konzentrieren ?
can these issues be addressed now , when the economic slowdown in most advanced countries makes most politicians focus on short-term fixes ?
but can these questions be updated in times when the economic downturn in most industrial politicians is leading to focus on short-term objectives ?
however , can these issues be updated in times of time , because the economic downturn in most industrialised countries is causing a change to focus on short-term objectives ?

diese direkten kosten ( ohne zinsen ) belaufen sich in unserer konservativen schätzung auf 652 milliarden und in unserer moderaten schätzung auf 799 milliarden dollar .
these budgetary costs ( exclusive of interest ) amount to $ 652 billion in our conservative estimate and $ 799 billion in our moderate estimate .
this direct cost ( without interest interest ) is estimated at 652 billion and in our moderate estimate to usd 799 billion .
these direct costs ( without interest ) are estimated at 652 billion and in our moderate estimate of 799 billion dollars .

erstens , weil manche junge menschen die vorteile dieser billigen karten ohnehin nicht nützen , da sie sich klassische musik zu keinem preis anhören würden .
first , youth may not take advantage of cheap tickets to the extent that they are not interested in going to hear live classical music at any price .
firstly , because some young people do not benefit the benefits of these cheap cards , because they would not listen to classical music at any price .
firstly , because some young people do not use the benefits of these cheap cards in any way , because they would not listen to classic music at any price .

in anbetracht der schrecklichen kosten hoffe ich , dass dieser krieg gerechtfertigt ist , obwohl ich aufgrund der momentanen beweislage so meine zweifel hege .
given the terrible costs , i hope that this war will prove justified , though i have my doubts based on the current evidence .
in view of the terrible costs , i hope that this war is justified , although i have such doubts as to the current evidence .
in view of the terrible costs , i hope that this war is justified , even though i have so doubts as to the current evidence .

unter diesen umständen wären verhandlungsversuche nicht nur vergeblich , eventuell würden sie die entfremdung und das misstrauen auf beiden seiten sogar lediglich vertiefen .
to attempt negotiations under these circumstances would not only be an exercise in futility , but may merely deepen alienation and suspicion on both sides .
under these circumstances , negotiating attempts would not only be vaunted , perhaps they would even deepen the discovery and mistrust on both sides .
under these circumstances , negotiation attempts would not only be made in vain , perhaps they would only increase the depression and mistrust on both sides .

der ezb-rat läuft gefahr , dass ihm die adjektive ausgehen -- und dass er seine glaubwürdigkeit verliert -- , wenn er nicht bald eingreift .
the governing council is in danger of running out of adjectives -- as well as credibility -- if it does not act soon .
the governing council is in danger of having the admire - and that it will lose its credibility - if it does not take action soon .
the governing council runs the risk that it will take the admire - and that it will lose its credibility - if it does not take place soon .

die zersplitterte opposition muss mehr bieten als nur die ablehnung von chávez und ein programm für den wiederaufbau des landes vorlegen sowie einen attraktiven präsidentschaftskandidaten finden .
the fractious opposition will need to go beyond rejection of chávez , elaborate a program for the country &apos;s reconstruction , and unite behind an attractive candidate .
the fragmented opposition must offer more than only the rejection of chávez and a programme for reconstruction of the country and an attractive presidential candidate .
the fragmented opposition must provide more than just the rejection of chávez and a programme for the reconstruction of the country , as well as an attractive presidential candidate .

der umfang dieser transferleistungen würde allerdings von der eu-finanzpolitik zum zeitpunkt des beitritts , vom ausgang der beitrittsverhandlungen und von der wirtschaftsentwicklung in der türkei abhängen .
the size of these transfers , however , would depend on the eu &apos;s financial policies at the time of admission , the outcome of accession negotiations , and economic developments in turkey .
however , the scope of these transfers would depend on the eu financial policy at the time of accession , on the outcome of accession negotiations and on economic development in turkey .
however , the scope of these transfers would depend on eu financial policy at the time of accession , on the outcome of accession negotiations and economic development in turkey .

düsteren szenarien , die sich in nur 12 % aller fälle bewahrheiteten , wiesen sie eintrittswahrscheinlichkeiten von 70 % zu .
they assigned probabilities of 70 % to bleak scenarios that materialized only 12 % of the time .
in fact , there are more gloomy scenarios which , in only 12 % of all cases , were allowed to rise to 70 % .
gloomy scenarios , which were in only 12 % of all cases , gave rise to 70 % likely to become more likely .

dasselbe gilt für die weise , in der die welt am besten dem von uns selbst verursachten klimawandel begegnet -- einem weiteren scheinbar unlösbaren globalen problem .
the same will be true of how the world best addresses manmade climate change -- another of those seemingly intractable global problems .
the same applies to the way in which the world is best addressed to climate change , which we ourselves face , and which is another obvious global problem .
the same applies to the way in which the world is best addressed to the climate change that we have set ourselves - a further unquestionable global problem .

die zweite versuchung ist eine rein militärisch bestimmte politik , die sich auf die physische stärke konzentriert , ohne zu berücksichtigen , wie größere glaubwürdigkeit und fairness projiziert werden können .
the second temptation is a purely military policy that fixates on physical strength without considering how to project greater credibility and fairness .
the second temptation is a purely military policy focusing on physical strength without taking into account the greater credibility and fairness .
the second temptation is a purely military policy focused on physical strength , without taking into account how greater credibility and fairness can be proclaimed .

es geht es bei der polarisierung in venezuela also nicht um &quot; die armen &quot; gegen die &quot; oligarchie &quot; , sondern um eine populistische gesellschaft gegen eine zivile .
so venezuela &apos;s polarization does not pit &quot; the poor &quot; against &quot; the oligarchy , &quot; but a populist against civil society .
so it is not about the &apos; poor &apos; against the &apos; oligarchy &apos; , but a populist society against a civilian society .
it is therefore not about the &apos; poor &apos; against the &apos; oligarchy &apos; , but a populist society against civil society .

im gegensatz dazu verkörperte zhao ein kapitel in der chinesischen geschichte , als sich ein reformer nicht nur um die wirtschaft , sondern um jeden lebensbereich kümmerte .
by contrast , zhao embodied a chapter in chinese history when to be a reformer meant to take on not only the economy , but every aspect of life .
contrary to this , zhao was a chapter in chinese history , when a reform was not just about the economy , but about every area of life .
contrary to this , zhao was a chapter in chinese history when a reform was not just about the economy , but about every area of life .

so etwas ist nicht unbedingt gesund , da unsere unabhängige welt kein nullsummen-spiel ist , in dem der gewinn des einen landes gleich dem verlust des anderen ist .
this is not entirely healthy , as our interdependent world is not a zero-sum game , where one country &apos;s gain is another &apos;s loss .
such a thing is not necessarily healthy and because our independent world is not a zero consumer game in which the profit of the country is the same as the loss of the other .
this is not necessarily a good thing , and because our independent world is not a zero consumer game in which the country &apos;s profit is just the loss of the other .

die verärgerung , die dieser schachzug auslöste , hat einen großteil der regionalen kooperation , die in den letzten zehn jahren aufgebaut wurde , zunichte gemacht .
the ill will orban &apos;s gambit inspired brought to a halt much of the regional cooperation of the last decade .
the anger , which stems from this layer , has destroyed a large proportion of regional cooperation that has been built over the last ten years .
a large number of regional cooperation that has been built up over the last ten years has been destroyed .

die deflation --ein steter , unaufhaltsamer preisverfall-- war für unternehmen und konsumenten ein ungeheurer anreiz ihre ausgaben zu reduzieren und geld zu horten .
deflation --a steady ongoing decline in prices-- gave businesses and consumers powerful incentives to cut spending and hoard cash .
the deflation of a steer , untenable price price - was an enormous incentive for businesses and consumers to reduce their expenditure and to invest money .
the deflation of a steering , untended prices - was an enormous incentive for businesses and consumers to reduce their expenditure and to pay money .

trotzdem wurden die zinssätze im oktober als &quot; noch immer angemessen &quot; beschrieben , was signalisiert , dass die sich ezb noch nicht entschieden hat , in den sauren apfel zu beißen .
nonetheless , current interest rates were described as &quot; still appropriate &quot; in october , signaling that the ecb has not yet reached a decision to bite the bullet .
nevertheless , the interest rates in october have still been described as &apos; adequate &apos; , which shows that the ecb has not yet decided to join in the scramble .
nevertheless , interest rates in october have been described as &apos; still adequate &apos; , which signals the fact that the ecb has not yet decided to find itself in the clean appendix .

aber er hatte die gleiche wirkung auf andrej sacharow und vaclav havel , die ihre obersten werte mit bezug auf und in der sprache des weltlichen humanismus verteidigten .
but it did the same for andrei sakharov and vaclav havel , who defended their supreme values with reference to , and in the language of , lay humanism .
however , he had the same effect on andrei sakharov and mr hav , who defended their supreme values with regard to and in the language of world humanism .
however , he had the same effect on andrei sakharov and clav hav , who defended their top values with regard to and in the language of world humanism .

die entscheidung nordkoreas , die uno-atominspektoren auszuweisen , ist ein weiterer grund die wahl roh moo hyuns zum präsidenten südkoreas als historische wende zu betrachten .
north korea &apos;s decision to expel un atomic energy inspectors is but another reason to view roh moo hyun &apos;s election as south korea &apos;s president two weeks ago as an historical watershed .
the decision of north korea to expel the un nuclear inspectors is another reason to consider the election of roh moo hyus to the president of south korea as historic .
another reason is the election of roh mohyo hyan president of south korea as an historic change to the president of south korea .

die ereignisse im jahr 1989 bleiben ein so sensibles thema und der tiananmen-platz derart sicher abgeriegelt , dass so etwas in nächster zukunft schwer vorstellbar erscheint .
the events of 1989 remain so sensitive , and tiananmen square so securely guarded , that it is hard to imagine a protest happening there soon .
the events in 1989 remain such a sensitive issue and the tiananmena place so safe that it seems to be very difficult in the near future .
the events in 1989 remain such a sensitive issue and the tiananan-room place , certainly so much , that such a thing seems difficult to imagine in the near future .

tony blair , einst ein glühender verfechter europas ( zumindest gemessen an großbritanniens anspruchslosen maßstäben ) , könnte die macht endgültig an gordon brown abgeben müssen .
tony blair , once an ardent pro-european ( at least by britain &apos;s undemanding standards ) , might finally have to cede power to gordon brown , who is famously cold to european integration .
tony blair , once a glass of europe ( at least as far as britain &apos;s standards are concerned ) , the power could finally be made available to gordon brown .
tony blair , once a glass of europe &apos; s supporters ( at least measured by britain &apos;s slot standards ) , it could finally make power to gordon brown .

außerdem scheint china heute so sehr mit dem business beschäftigt zu sein , dass es ebenso schwer vorstellbar erscheint , dass viele menschen für eine sache auf die straße gehen , die keine gewinnmaximierung in aussicht stellt .
at the same time , china seems so drugged on business nowadays that it is hard to imagine many people marching for a cause that would do nothing for their bottom line .
in addition , china seems to be so very concerned today with business that it seems as difficult to imagine that many people go to the streets who do not offer a maximum profit .
in addition , china now seems to be so much concerned with business , that it seems as difficult for many people to go to the streets who do not give the prospect of profit .

bush und blair sprachen wiederholt von einem ganzen arsenal an massenvernichtungswaffen , von riesigen unterirdischen und mobilen anlagen für die produktion und den abschuss solcher waffen und von aktiven programmen zur entwicklung von atomwaffen .
bush and blair talked repeatedly about stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction , massive underground and mobile units to produce or launch such weapons , and active programs to obtain nuclear weapons .
bush and blair have repeatedly spoken of a whole arsenal of weapons of mass destruction , of huge underground and mobile facilities for production and the closure of such weapons and of active nuclear development programmes .
bush and blair have repeatedly spoken about a whole arsenal of weapons of mass destruction , of huge underground and mobile installations for production and the decommissioning of such weapons and active programmes for the development of nuclear weapons .

die entwicklung von infrastrukturprojekten ist ein langer prozess , bei dem von der darlegung über die genehmigung , finanzierung und den bau bis zur ersten bestätigten reduktion der kohlenstoffemissionen 3-7 jahre vergehen können .
developing infrastructure projects is a long process that requires 3-7 years from identification , through licensing , financing , and construction , and finally to the first certification of carbon emission reductions .
the development of infrastructure projects is a long process in which the implementation of the authorisation , financing and the construction of carbon emissions by the first confirmed reduction in carbon dioxide emissions can take place by 7 years .
the development of infrastructure projects is a long process in which the approval of authorisation , financing and construction can take place until the first confirmed reduction in carbon emissions 3 years .

die demokratie , so seine ominöse andeutung , würde es ihm erlauben , andersdenkende zu , , eliminieren &quot; - mit der genauen bedeutung des wortes hielt er sich nicht lange auf .
democracy , he hinted more ominously , would enable him to &quot; eliminate &quot; --he did not dwell on the exact meaning of the word--those who did not .
it would allow him to eliminate , eliminate , eliminate the precise significance of the word &apos; , with the precise significance of the word &apos; he did not take a long time .
it would allow the democracy , so it would allow him to think differently , to eliminate , eliminate it &apos; , with the precise significance of the word , it was not long .

zur schande der demokratischen welt sei angemerkt , dass kaum ein staatschef in zhaos namen protestierte und wenigstens irgendeine verantwortung für dessen illegale und unmoralische einkerkerung verlangte .
to the discredit of the democratic world , hardly any head of state remonstrated on zhao &apos;s behalf , minimally demanding that some accounting be made for his illegal and immoral incarceration .
it should be noted to the shame of the democratic world that hardly a head of state was protested in zhaos and at least had any responsibility for their illegal and inmoral purchases .
it should be noted that hardly a head of state in zhaos has protested on behalf of the democratic world , and at least any responsibility for its illegal and unmoral purchases .

unternehmen und banken gerieten dadurch mit der schuldenrückzahlung in verzug . eine mögliche folge sind eine reihe großer pleiten , wodurch das vertrauen in das finanzsystem erneut geschwächt und der anreiz geld zu horten noch größer wird .
it reduced the ability of businesses and banks to service their debt , and might trigger a chain of big bankruptcies that would destroy confidence in the financial system , providing further incentives to hoard .
this will lead to late payment of debt and banks , a possible result of a great deal of distress , which will weaken confidence in the financial system and increase the incentive for money .
companies and banks have been reduced by late debt repayment , which will result in a series of major pledges , thereby weakening confidence in the financial system and increasing the incentive for money .

die fehler der reichen länder wären unwichtig , wenn die afrikanischen länder genug geld hätten , um selbst die benötigten technologien einzuführen . aber afrika ist so arm , dass es auf finanzielle hilfe angewiesen ist , um der armut zu entkommen .
the rich countries &apos; mistakes wouldn &apos;t matter if african countries had enough money to adopt the needed technologies on their own , but africa is so poor that it must get financial help to escape poverty .
the mistakes of the rich countries would be unimportant if the african countries had enough money to introduce the necessary technologies themselves , but africa is so poor that it is dependent on financial aid to escape poverty .
the errors of the rich countries would be unimportant if the african countries had enough money to introduce the technologies themselves , but africa is so poor that it is dependent on financial aid to escape poverty .

er war sogar der erste chinesische partei- und regierungschef , der sich auf auslandsreisen in anzug und krawatte und nicht im mao-look präsentierte und der eine öffentliche pressekonferenz abhielt .
he was even the first chinese leader to wear a suit and tie rather than a mao habit when traveling abroad , as well as the first to hold an open press conference .
he was even the first chinese party leader and government head who went to foreign travel and crash and did not present in the mao and who had a public press conference .
he was even the first chinese party party and government head , who was prepared to travel on foreign travel and crack and not in mao and who held a public press conference .

allein durch die kraft ihrer überzeugung und persönlichkeit -- so glauben viele von uns -- bestimmen sie das tagesgeschehen und bringen so einen schimmer der hoffnung in ein ansonsten fremdes , unpersönliches universum .
by sheer force of conviction and personality , such figures , many of us believe , can carry the day , bringing a glimmer of hope to an otherwise detached and impersonal universe .
it is only through the strength of your conviction and personality - so many of us believe - that they are doing the day and so that they always have the hope of creating an otherwise foreign , unpersonal unice .
it is only by the strength of your conviction and personality - so many of us believe - that they are going to take the day and that they always give the hope of a otherwise foreign , unpersonal unim .

in europa hat sich die europäische zentralbank der inflationsbekämpfung verschrieben . man ist der ansicht , dass die gefahren einer unkontrollierten inflation nach einem vertrauensverlust schwerer wiegen als die in europa viel zu hohen arbeitskosten .
in europe , the european central bank believes that the danger of uncontrolled inflation following a loss of public confidence in its commitment to low inflation outweighs the costs of european employment that is far too high .
in europe , the european central bank has committed itself to combating inflation , which is the view that the dangers of uncontrolled inflation are more serious than the high cost of work in europe .
in europe , the european central bank has committed itself to the fight against inflation , and we believe that the dangers of uncontrolled inflation are more serious than the cost of high labour costs in europe .

wir müssen den aufbau größerer europäischer militärkapazitäten vorantreiben , einfach um einen mechanismus zu etablieren , der es uns erlaubt , wirksam seite an seite zu stehen , wenn eine unserer demokratien vom terrorismus oder einer sonstigen katastrophe getroffen wird , so wie es gerade der fall war .
we must forge greater european military capacities simply to put in place a mechanism that allows us to stand effectively shoulder to shoulder when terrorism or other catastrophes strike one of our democracies , as just happened .
we need to push for the construction of greater european military capacity , simply to establish a mechanism that allows us to be effective , if one of our democracies is hit by terrorism or another disaster , as was the case just now .
we must push ahead with the building of more european military capacities simply in order to establish a mechanism that allows us to be effective on the side if one of our democracies is hit by terrorism or another disaster , as was the case just now .

das unterstreicht , wie wichtig es für indiens finanzielle stabilität ist , seine kapitalkonten erfolgreich zu verwalten ( den zu- und abfluss von kapital zu beobachten ) und dabei jede bewegung in richtung auf die volle freigabe der wechselkurse abzuverfolgen .
this underscores the importance for india &apos;s financial stability of successful management of the capital account ( monitoring inflows and outflows ) following any move toward full convertibility .
this underlines how important it is for india &apos;s financial stability to successfully manage its capital accounts ( the collapse and flow of capital ) and to follow any movement towards the full release of exchange rates .
this underlines how important it is for india &apos;s financial stability to manage its capital accounts successfully ( to monitor the flow of capital and flow of capital ) and to pursue any movement towards the full release of exchange rates .

deshalb wäre eine anhebung um 50 basispunkte zum gegenwärtigen zeitpunkt -- die eine fortdauernde konjunkturerholung ermöglicht , indem sie die inflation im zaum hält -- besser , als eine drei- oder viermal so starke erhöhung zu einem späteren zeitpunkt .
better a 50-basis-point increase now -- thereby allowing the economic recovery to continue by keeping inflation in check -- than triple or quadruple that figure down the road .
this is why an increase of 50 basic points at the present time - which will allow continued recovery by maintaining inflation - would be better than a three-time increase at a later date .
that is why an increase of 50 basic points at the present time would be made possible at this time - which will allow a continued recovery of economic recovery by maintaining inflation in the zaxis - better than a three-year or four-year increase at a later date .

mathematisch ausgedrückt könnte man sagen , man bekommt nur die amplitude , aber nicht die phasen - d.h. die stadien einer oszillatorischen bewegung - ohne die aber die positionen der atome nicht bestimmt werden können .
in mathematical terms , it gives the amplitude , but not the phases--i.e. , the stages in an oscillatory motion--without which the atomic positions could not be determined .
it could be said that you can say that you only receive the amtude , but not the phases - that is , the stakes of a oszorian movement - without which the nuclear positions cannot be determined .
in other words , it could be said that we can only get the amtude , but not the stages - that is to say , the stages of a oszilorum movement - without which the positions of nuclear power cannot be determined .

es ist der richtige moment : während die welt einen großteil ihrer aufmerksamkeit auf die frage der energieversorgung und -sicherheit richtet , sehen hunderte millionen von menschen in den entwicklungsländern die frischwasserversorgung und -sicherheit als ebenso wichtig an , wenn nicht wichtiger .
it is an opportune moment : while much of the world &apos;s attention has been fixed on issues of energy supply and security , hundreds of millions of people in the developing world continue to see the supply and security of fresh water as equally , if not more , important .
it is the right moment : while the world focuses a lot of its attention on the issue of energy supply and security , hundreds of millions of people in developing countries see fresh water supply and security as equally important if not important .
it is the right moment : while the world pays a great deal of attention to the issue of energy supply and security , hundreds of millions of people in developing countries see the fresh water supply and safety as equally important if not more important .

trotz der häufigen zusicherungen von un-gremien , dass sich der kosovo auf dem wege zu einer aussöhnung und echten selbstverwaltung befände , lassen nato-vertreter erkennen , dass pläne für die aufrechterhaltung einer langfristigen militärpräsenz in der provinz gibt , um &quot; zu gewährleisten , dass der politische prozess erfolgreich abgeschlossen wird . &quot;
despite the frequent assurances of un authorities that kosovo is on a path toward reconciliation and true home rule , nato officials indicate that there are plans to maintain a long-term military presence in the province in order to &quot; guarantee that the political process will be concluded successfully . &quot;
despite the frequent assurances made by un bodies that kosovo is moving towards reconciliation and genuine self-management , nato representatives recognise that plans to maintain a long-term military presence in the province &apos; to ensure that the political process is concluded successfully &apos; .
in spite of the frequent assurances made by un bodies , kosovo , on the way to reconciliation and genuine self-government , allow nato representatives to recognise that plans for maintaining a long-term military presence in the province &apos; to ensure that the political process is successfully completed &apos; .

erika steinbach , vorsitzende des bundes der vertriebenen ( aus osteuropa ) und mitglied in stoibers csu argumentiert , dass die deportation deutscher minderheiten eine sache von polen , tschechen , slowaken und slowenen sei , was den größten teil von ost- / mitteleuropa umfasst .
erika steinbach , president of the association of deportees ( from the east ) and a member of stoiber &apos;s cdu , argues that the issue of the deportation of german populations is one faced by poles , czechs , slovaks and slovenes , thus taking in most of east / central europe .
mr president , mr erika erika bach , chairman of the bunch of displaced persons ( eastern europe ) and a member in stoiad csu , argue that the deportation of german minorities is a matter for poland , czechs , czechs and slovenian , which includes the largest part of east / central europe .
the leader of the federal republic of displaced persons ( eastern europe ) and member of stoicsu , argued that the deportation of german minorities is a matter for poland , czechs , czechs and slovenia , which includes the largest part of eastern europe / central europe .

das problem dabei ist nur , dass wirtschafts- und sozialreformen einzig und allein im verantwortungsbereich der einzelnen staaten und nicht im kompetenzbereich der union liegen . wenn es in frankreich und deutschland zu wirtschaftlichen und sozialen reformen kommen soll , dann ist das ausschließlich eine angelegenheit der französischen und deutschen wähler und politiker .
the problem is that economic and social reform are purely national responsibilities , and do not lie within the competence of the union ; if there is to be economic and social reform in france and germany , that is a matter exclusively for french and german voters and politicians .
the only problem is that economic and social reforms are only in the responsibility of the individual states and not in the area of competence of the union , if it is to come to economic and social reforms in france and germany , that is only a matter for the french and german voters and politicians .
the only problem is that economic and social reforms are the only one in the area of responsibility for the individual states and not in the area of competence of the union , and when it comes to economic and social reforms in france and germany , it is only a matter of french and german voters and politicians .

amerika verlässt sich auf partnerschaften beim globalen krieg gegen den terrorismus : regierungen anderer länder kooperieren mit informationen und gesetzesvollzug ; handelspartner garantieren die sicherheit von schiffscontainern , private kreditinstitute helfen , mittelumschichtungen aufzuspüren , mit welchen terrornetze unterhalten werden .
america relies on partnerships in the global war on terrorism : foreign governments provide intelligence and law enforcement cooperation ; trading partners ensure the security of shipping containers ; private financial institutions help track the transfers of funds that sustain terror networks .
in the global war against terrorism , governments of other countries cooperate with information and legislative enforcement ; trading partners guarantee the safety of ship containers , private credit institutions , help to redistribute appropriations with which terrorist networks will be held .
in the context of the global war on terrorism , the united states is able to engage in partnerships on the global war on terrorism : governments of other countries cooperate with information and legislation ; trading partners guarantee the safety of ship containers , private credit institutions , help to redistribute funds with what terrorist networks will be held .

das wirkliche problem für mein büro ist allerdings weder die ignoranz noch der mangel an rechtlicher sattelfestigkeit , sondern vielmehr die tatsache , dass in einem unterentwickelten rechtssystem wie dem russlands meine autorität vor allem persönlicher natur ist und ich daher die hilfe der massenmedien brauche .
but the real problem for my office is neither ignorance nor legal infirmity , it is that in an under-developed legal system such as russia &apos;s , my authority is mostly personal , and requires help from the mass media .
however , the real problem for my office is , however , neither the ignorance nor the lack of legal certainty , but the fact that , in a underdeveloped legal system such as russia , my authority is primarily personal , and i therefore need the help of the mass media .
however , the real problem for my office is not the ignorance or lack of legal consolidation , but rather the fact that , in a underdeveloped legal system such as russia , my authority is particularly personal , and i therefore need the help of the mass media .

roh , ein selfmademan , der seine anwaltsprüfung ablegte ohne jemals eine universität besucht zu haben , konnte seine wähler davon überzeugen , dass unter seiner präsidentschaft eine neue ära in der koreanischen politik eingeläutet würde , die auch dem wachsenden wohlstand südkoreas und der stimmung des mittelstandes rechnung trägt , indem klüngelwirtschaft , regionale reibereien und fraktionskämpfe eliminiert werden .
roh , a self-made man who passed a bar examination without going to college and law school , succeeded in convincing voters that he would usher in a new brand of politics reflecting south korea &apos;s growing wealth and middle class sentiments , thereby sweeping away insider-dominated politics , regional bickering , and factional struggles .
a rare mademan , who ever visited his lawyer without a university , was able to convince his constituents that , under his presidency , a new era in the korean policy , which would also take into account the growing prosperity of south korea and the mockery of the middle of the middle east by eliminating the regional economy , regional clashes and groups .
a rare mafman , who visited his lawyer without ever visited a university , could convince his voters that , under his presidency , a new era in the korean policy , which also takes account of the growing prosperity of the south korea and the motives of the middle of the middle east , by eliminating regional distrust and group fighting .

einer der diskreditierten vorgänger von chávez wurde aufgrund fadenscheiniger anschuldigungen des amtsmissbrauchs seiner verantwortung enthoben ; in equador erklärte der kongress einen schädlichen regierungschef für &quot; geistig inkompetent &quot; ; in peru wurde ein autokratischer präsident nach monaten des in- und ausländischen drucks ins exil gezwungen .
one of chávez &apos;s discredited predecessors was impeached on flimsy charges of malfeasance ; ecuador &apos;s congress declared a disastrous chief executive &quot; mentally incompetent &quot; ; in peru , an autocratic president , after months of domestic and international pressure , was forced into exile .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the president of the commission , mr chávez , who was accustomed by a president of the chávez , who was accused of his or her responsibility , who said that the congress was a bad leader for the intrusion of government ; in the congress , he had been forced into foreign and inextricably , into foreign pressure , and inextricably inextricably , in peru .
mr chávez , due to the allegations of the abuse of his abuse of his responsibility ; in the light of the harmful congress , a harmful government hop was forced to be held for incompetent authorities ; in peru , a car has been forced to be made by president crash in foreign months and foreign pressure , following foreign and exile pressure .

