cette situation s&apos; applique dans tout l&apos; atlantique .
the same is true across the atlantic .
this situation applies throughout the atlantic .
this situation applies throughout the atlantic .

le néolibéralisme , et puis après ?
after neoliberalism , what ?
after all , neo-liberalism , and then after ?
neo-liberalism , and then after then ?

l&apos; europe au défi du néolibéralisme
europe &apos;s neo-liberal challenge
europe is facing the challenge of neoliberal liberalism .
europe is facing the challenge of neoliberal liberalism

surmonter le cocktail irlandais
getting over the irish stew
let us overcome the irish cockery .
irish cockery

prenons les etats-unis .
consider the united states .
let us take the united states .
let us take the united states .

mais les droits de l&apos; homme constituaient un sujet entièrement à part .
but human rights were another matter entirely .
however , human rights were an entirely separate subject .
however , human rights were a subject that was entirely part of it .

l&apos; occident doit ignorer le chant des sirènes de belgrade .
the west must ignore belgrade &apos;s siren song .
the west must ignore the sickness of belgrade .
the west must ignore the sickness of belgrade .

le prix de l&apos; immobilier : un château de cartes ?
are housing prices a house of cards ?
the price of property : a masterpiece of cards ?
the price of property : a maps of cards ?

« je suis vraiment désolé » déclara-t-il aux spectateurs .
&quot; i am very sorry , &quot; he said to startled onlookers .
i am really sorry to say to the spectators .
&apos; i am really sorry &apos; said to the spectators .

l&apos; organisation mondiale du commerce en est un exemple typique .
the world trade organization is a case in point .
the world trade organisation is a typical example of this .
the world trade organisation is a typical example of this .

la carte fiscale joue un rôle critique dans le choix des groupes d&apos; électeurs à acheter .
the fiscal card is critical in choosing which groups of voters to buy .
the tax card plays a critical role in the choice of voters to buy .
the tax card plays a critical role in the choice of voters to buy .

aucune société n&apos; a encore créé de méthode fiable permettant d&apos; évaluer les résultats des experts .
no society has yet created a widely trusted method for keeping score on the punditocracy .
no society has yet created a reliable method for assessing the results of experts .
no society has yet created a reliable method of assessing the results of experts .

la différence de prix pour de nombreux autres produits de consommation est encore plus grande .
the differences in price for many other consumer goods is even larger .
the difference in prices for many other consumer products is even greater .
the difference in prices for many other consumer products is even greater .

pourtant , cela ne semble pas suffisant pour forcer les officiels à revoir leurs priorités .
but none of this is apparently enough to force officials to re-examine their priorities .
however , this does not seem enough to force the official to review their priorities .
however , this does not seem enough to force the official to review their priorities .

la route vers la double hélice , la structure de l&apos; adn
the road to the double helix , the structure of dna
the road to double helicopec , the adn structure of adn
the road to double helicopec , the adn structure

de tels arguments , bien qu&apos; ils soient tout à fait légitimes à certains moments , ont des limites .
but such arguments , although valid at times , have their limits .
such arguments , although they are entirely legitimate at certain times , have limits .
such arguments , although they are quite legitimate at some times , have limits .

dans ce contexte plus vaste et incertain , la nécessité de réglementer l&apos; intervention humanitaire militaire menace .
in this wider and uncertain context , the need to regulate humanitarian military intervention looms large .
in this wider and uncertain context , the need to regulate military humanitarian intervention threatens .
in this broader and uncertain context , the need to regulate military humanitarian intervention threatens .

dans le même temps , l&apos; argent affecté à la guerre aurait pu être dépensé pour autre chose .
at the same time , money spent on the war could have been spent elsewhere .
at the same time , the money allocated to war could have been spent on something else .
at the same time , the money allocated to the war could have been spent on something else .

les justifications avancées par bush et blair sont liées au danger représenté par le régime de saddam .
justification , if it exists , rests on the danger saddam &apos;s regime posed .
the justification put forward by bush and blair is linked to the danger represented by the saddam &apos;s regime .
the justification put forward by bush and blair is linked to the danger represented by saddam &apos;s regime .

seront-ils capables de se sentir européens comme l&apos; ont toujours fait les polonais ou les tchèques ?
will they be able to feel european , like the poles or the czechs have always felt ?
will they be able to feel european as the polish or the czechs have always done ?
will they be able to feel european as the polish or czechs have always done ?

il peut être utile à ce stade de souligner les principes et les idées qui guident la politique extérieure américaine .
so it may be helpful to outline the principles and ideas that guide us foreign policy .
it can be useful at this stage to highlight the principles and ideas that guide us foreign policy .
it can be useful at this stage to highlight the principles and ideas that guide us foreign policy .

pourtant , si cette question fut réglée plus de cinquante ans plus tôt , pourquoi revient-elle nous hanter ?
but if this is an issue solved over fifty years ago , why is it haunting us now ?
however , if this issue was resolved more than fifty years earlier , why is it doing away with us ?
however , if this question was resolved more than 50 years earlier , why is it moving us ?

a ce jour , bush et blair n&apos; ont réussi à convaincre qu&apos; une partie de leur propre opinion publique .
to date , bush and blair have failed to make the case to the world , with the partial exception of their own countries .
today bush and blair have only succeeded in convincing part of their own public opinion .
today , bush and blair have succeeded in convincing only part of their own public opinion .

ainsi la tourmente politique dans laquelle sont entraînées la russie et l&apos; europe se calmera peut-être .
so political turmoil with russia and europe might be calmed .
in this way , the political turmoil in which russia and europe are brought into being will perhaps be calmly .
in this way , the political peer in which russia and europe will perhaps be dragged down .

au contraire , à chaque menace de récession , le débat politique tourne autour de leur renforcement par des impulsions
on the contrary , whenever recession threatens , political debate revolves around whether they need to be reinforced by
on the contrary , in every threat of recession , the political debate is around their strengthening by encouraging impetus .
on the contrary , on the contrary , every threat of recession , the political debate is about strengthening them by means of impetus .

les aspects de la politique fiscale pourraient également être délégués à des bureaucrates indépendants afin de garder les politiciens sur les rangs .
aspects of fiscal policy could also be delegated to independent bureaucrats in order to keep politicians in line .
the aspects of tax policy could also be delegated to independent bureaucrats in order to keep politicians on the ranks .
the aspects of fiscal policy could also be delegated to independent bureaucrats in order to keep politicians on the ground .

l&apos; idée que les américains sont devenus meilleurs en tout pendant que les autres pays riches stagnaient est donc très erronée .
the notion that americans have gotten better at everything while other rich countries have stood still is thus wildly misleading .
the idea that the americans have become better while the other rich countries stagnate is therefore very wrong .
the idea that the americans have become better while the other rich countries have stagnated is therefore very wrong .

mais j&apos; émets quand même quelques réserves quant au modèle wal-mart utilisé comme schéma directeur de la croissance mondiale .
but i do have some reservations about the wal-mart model as a blueprint for global growth .
however , i have a few reservations about the wal-mart model used as the director of global growth .
however , i still have some reservations about the wwal-mart model used as the director of world growth .

vingt ans de politiques économiques néolibérales n&apos; ont apporté que des résultats décevants pour les pays en voie de développement .
two decades of applying neoliberal economic policies to the developing world have yielded disappointing results .
twenty years of neoliberal economic policies have produced only disappointing results for developing countries .
twenty years of neoliberal economic policies have only achieved disappointing results for developing countries .

cette approche par la force est traumatisante non seulement pour les colons , mais aussi pour de nombreux autres israéliens .
this forcible approach is traumatic not only for the settlers , but also for many other israelis .
this approach by force is traumatic not only for colours , but also for many other israelis .
this approach by force is traumatic not only for colours , but also for many other israelis .

de façon réaliste , la commission peut uniquement demander aux gouvernements nationaux européens de faire en sorte que leurs comptes fiscaux soient transparents et clairs .
realistically , all that the commission can ask of european national governments is for transparency and clarity in their fiscal accounts .
in a realistic way , the commission can only ask the national governments of europe to ensure that their tax accounts are transparent and clear .
in a realistic way , the commission can only ask the national governments of europe to ensure that their tax accounts are transparent and clear .

même si cette menace manque de crédibilité ( cela serait d&apos; abord nuisible aux intérêts russes ) , elle repose sur une logique certaine .
while this threat lacks credibility ( it would harm russian interests most ) it has a certain logic .
even if this threat of credibility ( this would first be detrimental to russian interests ) , it is based on a certain logic .
even if this threat of credibility ( it would first be harmful to russian interests ) , it is based on a certain logic .

dans le passé , certains gouvernements , lorsqu&apos; ils étaient confrontés à des dettes nationales considérables , les « dégonflaient » efficacement .
in the past , some governments , when faced with large national debts , effectively ``inflated them away . &apos; &apos;
in the past , some governments , when they were faced with considerable national debts , were the &apos; degun &apos; effectively .
in the past , some governments , when they were faced with considerable national debts , &apos; depletion &apos; were effective .

le public aura bientôt l&apos; occasion de tourner à nouveau son attention vers cette province lors d&apos; une prise de décision concernant son destin .
that inattention will end soon ; a decision about the province &apos;s fate is looming .
the public will soon have the opportunity to turn its attention to this province once again in a decision on its destiny .
the public will soon have the opportunity to turn its attention to this province once again when deciding on its fate .

ils peuvent y parvenir en donnant la preuve que les irakiens ont réussi à cacher du matériel dans les sites contrôlés par les inspecteurs .
this can be done by showing that the iraqis were simply hiding the evidence at sites visited by the inspectors and declared free of weapons .
they can achieve this by giving evidence that the iraqis have managed to conceal material in the sites controlled by the inspectors .
they can do so by giving proof that the iraqi people have succeeded in hiding equipment in the sites controlled by the inspectors .

un tel individualisme ne correspond ni au léninisme ni aux proscriptions traditionnelles chinoises de comportement pour les officiels de haut rang .
such individualism fit neither leninist nor traditional chinese proscriptions for behavior by a high official .
such a individualism is not in line with the linism or the traditional chinese proscripts of behaviour for senior official officials .
it is not in line with the fact that there is a kind of self-interest or the traditional chinese proponents of behaviour for senior official officials .

si ces investissements touchent tous les pays d&apos; amérique latine , tant les riches que les pauvres , les perspectives de la région s&apos; illumineront considérablement .
if these investments reach all parts of latin america , rich and poor , the region &apos;s prospects will brighten enormously .
if these investments affect all latin american countries , both rich and poor , the prospects of the region will greatly undermine .
if these investments affect all the countries of latin america , both rich and poor , the prospects of the region will undermine considerably .

parmi les anciennes économies socialistes d&apos; europe de l&apos; est et de l&apos; union soviétique , peu sont parvenues aux niveaux de production réels atteints avant 1990 .
among the former socialist economies of eastern europe and the soviet union , few have caught up with real output levels that prevailed before 1990 .
among the former socialist economies in eastern europe and the soviet union , little has been achieved at the level of real production achieved before 1990 .
among the former socialist economies of eastern europe and the soviet union , little has been achieved at the levels of real production achieved before 1990 .

les résultats de ce premier moment de définition en cristallographie protéique furent publiés sous forme de lettre dans le magazine
the results of this first defining moment in protein crystallography were published as a letter in
the results of this first time of definition in creallogists were published in the form of a letter in the magazine .
the results of this first moment of definition , which was published in the form of a letter in the form of a letter , were published in the form of a letter .

les modèles militaires conventionnels sont équipés pour décapiter une chose qui , dans ce cas précis , n&apos; a pas de tête .
conventional military models are geared to decapitate something that , in this case , has no head .
the conventional military models are equipped for decaping something which , in this particular case , has no head .
the conventional military models are equipped to decent a thing that , in this case , does not have a head .

si la serbie veut rejoindre l&apos; occident , elle ne doit pas renoncer à cette opportunité en se laisser piéger par son passé nationaliste .
if serbia wants to join the west , it must not forsake that opportunity by trapping itself in its nationalist past .
if serbia wants to join the west , it must not give up this opportunity by allowing itself to be trapped by its nationalistic past .
if serbia wants to join the west , it must not abandon this opportunity by leaving itself trapped by its nationalistic past .

m. trichet sembla faire appel à une approche préemptive quand il déclara : « nous ne devons pas laisser les effets secondaires se matérialiser » .
trichet appeared to be calling for a pre-emptive approach when he said , &quot; we must not allow second-round effects to materialize . &quot;
mr trichet seems to be calling for a worse approach when he said : &apos; we must not allow the secondary effects to be material &apos; .
mr trichet feels that he is calling for a worse approach when he said : &apos; we must not allow the secondary effects to be material &apos; .

mais , surtout , il existe un sentiment profond chez les polonais , les hongrois et les tchèques , ainsi que d&apos; autres , qui se sentent tous européens .
but , above all , there is a deep sense among poles , hungarians , czechs , and others , that they are europeans .
above all , however , there is a deep feeling among poles , hungarians and czechs , as well as others who feel all europeans .
but , above all , there is a deep feeling among poles , hungarian and czechs , as well as others , who feel all europeans .

le président hugo chávez s&apos; accroche au pouvoir malgré l&apos; échec évident de son gouvernement marqué par une grave détérioration économique et une polarisation politique dangereuse .
president hugo chávez clings to power despite the obvious failings of his government : severe economic deterioration and dangerous political polarization .
president hugo chávez is increasing to power in spite of the obvious failure of his government , marked by serious economic deterioration and dangerous political polarisation .
president hugo chávez is increasing power in spite of the obvious failure of his government marked by a serious economic deterioration and a dangerous political nature .

le médiateur sert de passerelle entre les autorités et le peuple ; il s&apos; efforce de résoudre les conflits qui opposent les organes de l&apos; etat aux citoyens .
the ombudsman acts as a bridge between the authorities and the people , seeking to resolve conflicts that arise between state bodies and citizens .
the ombudsman serves as a bridge between the authorities and the people ; he is trying to resolve the conflicts between the bodies of the state to the citizens .
the ombudsman serves as a bridge between the authorities and the people ; he is trying to resolve the conflicts that oppose the bodies of the state to the citizens .

la soudaine fusion d&apos; économies apparemment saines a rappelé sans ambages que la convertibilité complète ne devrait pas découler de liquidités externes fortes .
the sudden meltdown of apparently healthy economies served as a stark reminder that strong external liquidity should not be the driving force towards full convertibility .
the sudden merger of apparently healthy economies has made it clear that full convergence should not result in strong external liquidity .
the sudden merger of apparently healthy economies has reminded us that full conversion should not result in strong external liquidity .

en fin de compte , l&apos; approche sur le long terme inclura probablement un système basé sur des règles , un système d&apos; incitation et des investissements au niveau du changement technologique .
at the end of the day , the long-term approach is likely to include a rules-based system , an incentives system , and investments in technology change .
in the end , the long-term approach will probably include a system based on rules , an incentive and investment system in technological change .
ultimately , the long-term approach will probably include a system based on rules , a system of incentives and investment in technological change .

les étapes vers la convertibilité complète du compte de capital se sont poursuivies au diapason de la croissance impressionnante des réserves de devises de l&apos; inde .
the moves towards full capital-account convertibility have proceeded in step with impressive growth in india &apos;s foreign-currency reserves .
the steps towards full convergence of capital account have continued to break the impressive growth in india &apos;s currency reserves .
the steps towards complete converting the capital account of capital have continued to diminish the impressive growth of india &apos;s currency reserves .

étant donné l&apos; instabilité politique de la serbie , ils mettent en doute les dégâts que provoquerait un ajournement à court terme , qui serait pourtant principalement auto-infligé .
given serbia &apos;s political instability , they question the harm of a short-term postponement -- albeit mostly self-inflicted .
given serbia &apos;s political instability , they doubt the damage caused by short-term postponement , which would , however , be mainly self-imposed .
given the political instability of serbia , they doubt the damage caused by short-term postponement , which would , however , be mainly self-imposed .

la clé de la réussite de tout accroissement des investissements dans les infrastructures de l&apos; eau st d&apos; accroître proportionnellement les investissements dans les institutions qui gèrent l&apos; eau .
the key to successful increased investment in water infrastructure is an equally increased investment in water institutions .
the key to the success of any increase in investment in the water infrastructure is to increase investment in the institutions that manage water in a proportionate way .
the key to the success of any increase in investments in water infrastructure in st infrastructure is to increase investments in the institutions which manage water .

le yémen , quant à lui , ne possède aucune eau de surface permanente et ses citoyens dépendent entièrement des pluies , des nappes souterraines et des inondations .
yemen , for its part , has no perennial surface water ; its citizens depend entirely on rainfall , groundwater , and flash flooding .
yemen , as far as it is concerned , has no permanent surface water and its citizens depend entirely on the rains , groundwater and floods .
yemen , as far as it is concerned , has no permanent surface water and its citizens are entirely dependent on rains , groundwater and floods .

la condition des femmes s&apos; est améliorée et les filles bénéficient de l&apos; égalité d&apos; accès à l&apos; éducation , avec des taux d&apos; inscription plus élevés que les garçons dans de nombreux pays .
women &apos;s status has improved , and girls enjoy equal access to education , with even higher enrollment rates than boys in many countries .
the condition of women has improved and girls benefit from equal access to education , with higher inclusion rates than guarantors in many countries .
the condition for women has improved , and girls have equal access to education , with higher registration rates than gars in many countries .

selon un récent sondage , seuls 54,8 % des coréens sont encore favorables au maintien des troupes américaines dans leur pays , tandis que 31,7 % s&apos; y opposent .
according to a recent poll , only 54.8 % of koreans now support the stationing of american troops in the country , while 31.7 % oppose it .
according to a recent poll , only 54.8 % of the korean people are still in favour of maintaining american troops in their country , while 31.7 % are opposed to this .
according to a recent survey , only 54.8 % of the korean population are still in favour of maintaining american troops in their country , while 31.7 % is opposed to this .

l&apos; europe et les etats-unis doivent poursuivre leurs objectifs de coopération tout en veillant à ce que cette coopération ne devienne jamais une alliance de &quot; l&apos; occident contre le reste du monde &quot; .
europe and the us must pursue their aims in cooperation , while ensuring that such cooperation never becomes an alliance of the &quot; west against the rest . &quot;
europe and the united states must pursue their cooperation objectives while ensuring that this cooperation never becomes an alliance of &apos; the west against the rest of the world &apos; .
europe and the united states must pursue their cooperation objectives while ensuring that this cooperation never becomes a alliance of &apos; the west against the rest of the world &apos; .

naturellement , si les deniers publics sont réduits pour les arts du spectacle , non seulement ceux-ci devront-ils dépendre davantage de l&apos; argent privé , mais le prix des places devra augmenter .
of course , with reduced public spending on the performing arts , not only will there be greater reliance on private money , but ticket prices will have to rise as well .
of course , if public money is reduced for the performing arts , not only will they have to depend more on private money , but the price of places will have to increase .
of course , if public money is reduced for the arts , not only will they have to depend more on private money , but the price of places will have to increase .

ironiquement , les pays candidats se voient faire la leçon par les officiels de la bce et de la commission sur le compromis entre la convergence nominale et la convergence réelle .
it is ironic that the candidate countries are being lectured to by officials at the ecb and the european commission on the trade-off between nominal and real convergence .
ironically , the candidate countries are learning from the official lessons of the ecb and the commission on the compromise between nominal convergence and real convergence .
ironically , the candidate countries are aware of the official lesson of the ecb and the commission on the compromise between nominal convergence and real convergence .

les experts publiés dans les pages opinion des journaux , ou qui passent à la télévision et à la radio , doivent assurément jouir d&apos; une bonne réputation puisque dans le cas contraire , ils auraient été éliminés .
pundits who make it into newspaper opinion pages or onto television and radio must have good track records ; otherwise , they would have been weeded out .
the experts published in the pages of newspapers , or who spend television and radio , must certainly enjoy a good reputation because otherwise they would have been removed .
the experts published in the pages of the newspapers , or who go to television and radio , must certainly have a good reputation , because otherwise they would have been removed .

puisque cela serait pensé pour désamorcer une crise d&apos; ampleur exceptionnelle , cela ne créerait pas un précédent qui encouragerait des attaques frivoles envers les gouvernements latino-américains élus démocratiquement .
since this is designed to defuse an exceptional crisis , it would not become a precedent that encourages frivolous attacks on latin america &apos;s democratically elected governments .
since this would be thought of a crisis of exceptional scale , it would not create a precedent that would encourage friction towards democratically elected latin american governments .
since this would be thought to disearly an exceptional crisis , it would not create a precedent which would encourage friction attacks on the latin american governments democratically elected .

aucune personne saine d&apos; esprit ne peut présumer que ce qu&apos; on n&apos; a jamais réussi auparavant , c&apos; est-à-dire détruire un petit nombre d&apos; ogives en vol , va se réaliser en une nuit .
no one in his right mind can assume that something never achieved before , namely destroying a small number of warheads in flight , will happen over night .
no healthy person in mind can assume that what has never been achieved before , that is to say , destroying a small number of people who are concerned with theft , will be carried out in a night .
no healthy person in mind can claim that what has never been achieved before , that is to say , destroying a small number of flights , will be carried out in a night .

l&apos; opposition préfère un vote « tout ou rien » quant à la poursuite du mandat de m. chávez , un vote qu&apos; elle remporterait probablement , mais que m. chávez n&apos; acceptera probablement jamais .
the opposition prefers an &quot; up-or-down &quot; vote on chávez &apos;s continuation in office , which it would most likely win--and which chávez will never accept .
the opposition prefers to vote &apos; everything or nothing &apos; on the continuation of mr chávez &apos;s mandate , a vote that it would probably win , but that mr chávez will probably never accept .
the opposition would prefer a vote &apos; everything or nothing &apos; on the continuation of the mandate of mr chávez , a vote that it would probably win , but that mr chávez will probably never accept .

max perutz , ayant obtenu un diplôme en chimie à vienne , rejoignit cambridge en 1935 pour travailler comme étudiant diplômé avec bernal .
max perutz , a chemistry graduate from vienna , arrived in cambridge in 1935 to work as a graduate student with bernal .
as max perutz , who obtained a graduate in vienna , joined in camit in 1935 to work as a graduate student with bernal .
in vienna , ignmax perutz perutz , having obtained a diplomas in vienna , ignit camera in 1935 to work as a study with bernal .

le problème se pose surtout pour les pays qui ont adopté l&apos; euro , puisque les dépenses publiques dans le secteur artistique seront limitées pendant un moment par l&apos; obligation de garder le déficit sous la barre des 3 % du pib .
particularly for those countries that have adopted the euro , government spending on the arts will be constrained for some time by the requirement that fiscal deficits be kept to 3 % of gdp .
the problem is , above all , for those countries that have adopted the euro , since public expenditure in the artistic sector will be limited for a moment by the obligation to keep the deficit under the 3 % of gdp .
the problem is , above all , the countries that have adopted the euro , since public expenditure in the artistic sector will be limited for a time by the obligation to keep the deficit under the 3 % of gdp .

lorsqu&apos; une intervention humanitaire n&apos; est pas structurée pour garantir une sécurité de base , les antagonismes sous-jacents qui ont inspiré l&apos; intervention à la base n&apos; en sont que renforcés , et non amoindris .
unless a humanitarian intervention is structured in such a way that it guarantees basic security , the underlying antagonisms that inspired the intervention in the first place will merely be reinforced , not diminished .
when humanitarian intervention is not structured in order to guarantee basic security , the underlying conflicts that inspired the intervention on the basis are only strengthened , not amodris .
when humanitarian intervention is not structured in order to guarantee basic security , the underlying challenges that have inspired the intervention on the basis of the basis are only strengthened , not amoindris .

au cours d&apos; une récente visite en afrique , un éminent agronome a déclaré que dans le monde actuel , le scientifique est plus que jamais près de l&apos; agriculteur , mais plus loin que jamais du législateur .
on a recent visit to africa , a senior agricultural scientist said that in today &apos;s world , the scientist is closer than ever before to the farmer , but farther away than ever from the policymakers .
during a recent visit to africa , an emperor said that in the current world , science is more than ever the farmer , but more than ever before than ever before the legislator .
during a recent visit to africa , an emaking has said that in the current world , science is more than ever close to the farmer , but more than ever from the legislator .

cette théorie n&apos; est pas sans rappeler celle de l&apos; historien britannique arnold toynbee , selon lequel les empires s&apos; écroulent parce qu&apos; ils sont incapables de répondre à des défis extérieurs .
this theory recalls that of the british historian arnold toynbee , according to which empires collapse because they are unable to react to external challenges .
this theory is not without recalling that of the british historians in arnoel tobee , according to which the tigers are squeezed because they are unable to respond to external challenges .
this theory is not to remind you of that of the historian in britain , arnoe toynbee , that the infamous collapse is because they are unable to respond to external challenges .

en fait , on pourrait se demander si le monde n&apos; a pas fait de m. sharon un homme providentiel parce qu&apos; il voulait croire à toute force qu&apos; il existait encore une possibilité d&apos; espoir au moyen-orient .
in fact , one may wonder if the world has made of sharon a providential man because it wanted so much to believe that there was still &quot; hope around the corner &quot; in the middle east .
in fact , we could ask ourselves whether the world did not do mr sharon a man who came in because he wanted to believe that there was still a possibility of hope in the middle east .
in fact , it could be asked whether the world has not done a man from mr sharon because he wanted to believe that there is still a chance of hope in the middle east .

restent les valeurs liées au nouvel ordre du monde : bien sûr , le préalable pour défendre de telles valeurs est l&apos; exemplarité et non pas des valeurs &quot; procédurales &quot; liées à des modalités de gestion des crises ou de règlement des différends .
what remains are the values linked to the global order , defense of which requires leading by example , not by narrow , legalistic initiatives aimed at crisis management or conflict resolution .
the values remain linked to the new order of the world : of course , the precondition for defending such values is the exemplary and not the &apos; procedural values &apos; linked to procedures for crisis management or dispute settlement .
the values relating to the new order of the world are , of course , the first to defend such values is the exemplary nature and not the &apos; procedural values &apos; linked to ways of managing crises or resolving disputes .

de nombreux sondages montrent qu&apos; une partie significative de l&apos; électorat des différents pays d&apos; europe centrale se classe d&apos; elle-même à droite , mais des décennies de communisme de type paternaliste ont déplacé nettement vers la gauche le centre de gravité de la région .
in various surveys , significant segments of central european electorates describe themselves as ``rightist , &apos; &apos; but years of communist paternalism pushed the region &apos;s political center of gravity firmly to the left .
many polls show that a significant proportion of the electorate in the various central european countries are on the right itself , but decades of communism of paternalistic kind have clearly moved to the left to the centre of gravity of the region .
many polls show that a significant part of the electorate in the various countries of central europe itself is in the right , but decades of paternalistic communism have moved significantly to the left the centre of gravity of the region .

le déploiement immédiat d&apos; une présence civile et de sécurité adéquate directement après la fin des bombardements de l&apos; otan de 1999 aurait pu fournir des mécanismes appropriés de protection contre le retour de bâton qui a permis aux victimes de devenir bourreaux .
an immediate deployment of an adequate civilian and security presence during the months immediately after the end of the 1999 nato bombing campaign might well have provided suitable protective mechanisms against the backlash that allowed victims to become victimizers .
the immediate deployment of an adequate civil and security presence directly after the end of the 1999 nato bombing could have provided appropriate protection mechanisms against the return of stick which has enabled victims to become a stock .
the immediate deployment of a proper civil and security presence directly after the end of the nato bombings in 1999 could have provided appropriate protection mechanisms against the return of stick which enabled the victims to become stock .

mais maintenant , les 25 états membres doivent faire face aux conséquences économiques de cet élargissement , non seulement sur la question de la taille globale du budget européen pour les sept prochaines années , mais également sur la répartition des pays contributeurs et bénéficiaires .
but now the 25 member states must deal with the financial consequences of that enlargement , not just in the overall size of the european union budget for the next seven years , but in who pays and who benefits .
now , but now , the 25 member states must face up to the economic consequences of this enlargement , not only on the issue of the overall size of the european budget for the next seven years , but also on the distribution of contributors and beneficiaries .
but now the 25 member states must face up to the economic consequences of this enlargement , not only on the issue of the overall size of the european budget for the next seven years , but also on the distribution of the contributors and beneficiaries .

lorsque les politiciens peuvent contrôler l&apos; inflation en exerçant une influence décisive sur les banques centrales , ils peuvent utiliser leur pouvoir pour dévaluer la charge de la dette publique , évitant ainsi la nécessité d&apos; une imposition supplémentaire pour rembourser cette dette .
when politicians can control inflation by exercising decisive sway over central banks , they can use their power to devalue the burden of public debt , avoiding the need for more taxation to pay it off .
when politicians can control inflation by having a decisive influence on central banks , they can use their power to devaluate the burden of public debt , thereby avoiding the need for additional taxation to repay this debt .
when politicians can control inflation by making a decisive influence on central banks , they can use their power to devaluing the burden of public debt , thus avoiding the need for additional taxation to pay for this debt .

les forces de droite en europe centrale doivent faire face à des problèmes analogues à ceux rencontrés par les partis de droite ailleurs en europe , où l&apos; on voit les sociaux-démocrates récupérant les idées libérales , parvenir à occuper à eux tout seul le centre de l&apos; échiquier politique .
some problems faced by central europe &apos;s right are similar to those the political right faces elsewhere in europe , where social democratic parties expropriated many formerly liberal ideas to seize a monopoly of the political center .
the right-wing forces in central europe must face similar problems to those faced by the right-wing parties elsewhere in europe , where the social democrats are recovered from liberal ideas , to be able to deal with the centre of the political drama alone .
the right forces in central europe must face similar problems to those faced by the right parties elsewhere in europe , where the social democrats see the liberal ideas , reaching their sole focus on the centre of the political centre .

alors que la pologne et la hongrie ont connu sous le communisme une libéralisation interne qui a permis qu&apos; une partie de l&apos; activité échappe semi-officiellement au contrôle communiste , la tchécoslovaquie a connu un strict régime néo-staliniste après l&apos; invasion soviétique de 1968 .
while both the polish and hungarian communist parties experienced internal liberalization that allowed relatively large semi-official zones of activity outside communist control , czechoslovakia after the soviet-led invasion of 1968 became a rigid neo-stalinist regime .
at a time when poland and hungary suffered internal liberalisation under communism , which enabled a part of activity to be unofficially removed from communist control , czechoslovakia has experienced a strict neo-stalinist regime after the soviet invasion of 1968 .
while poland and hungary have experienced an internal liberalisation under communism , which allowed some of the activity to be excluded officially from communist control , czechoslovakia has experienced a strict neo-stalinist regime after the soviet invasion of 1968 .

mais cette idée est dangereusement erronée et amène inexorablement à justifier moralement ( et même à justifier les décisions politico-militaires existentielles ) des pays comme la syrie , le cameroun , l&apos; angola , la russie , la chine et la france .
but this is a dangerously wrong idea , an idea that leads inexorably to handing great moral ( and even existential politico-military decisions ) to the likes of syria , cameroon , angola , russia , china , and france .
however , this idea is unusually wrong and leads to morally justified justification ( and even to justify politico-military decisions ) by countries such as syria , cameroon , angola , russia , china and france .
but this idea is quite wrong and leads to moral justification ( and even to justify the political and military decisions that exist , such as syria , cameroon , angola , russia , china and france .

quand ces pays ont constaté que les pays d&apos; europe du sud , l&apos; italie et la grèce particulièrement , avaient d&apos; habitude un rapport élevé entre leur endettement et leur pib et des taux d&apos; intérêt nominaux assez élevés du fait de leur tolérance visible envers l&apos; inflation .
these countries saw that southern european countries--italy and greece were the biggest worries--traditionally had high debt-to-gdp ratios and relatively high nominal interest rates because of their perceived tolerance of inflation .
when these countries noted that the countries of southern europe , italy and greece in particular had a high relationship between their debt and gdp and nominal interest rates , because of their visible tolerance towards inflation .
when these countries saw that the countries of southern europe , italy and greece in particular , had a high relationship between their debt and gdp and their nominal interest rates as a result of their visible tolerance towards inflation .

tout cela peut éventuellement être conçu pour améliorer et étendre les réserves d&apos; eau pour la génération d&apos; énergie , l&apos; irrigation , et l&apos; usage industriel et privé , tout en garantissant une certaine sécurité contre les sécheresses et une certaine protection contre les inondations .
these can all potentially be designed to improve and expand water supplies for power generation , irrigation , and household and industrial use , while providing security against droughts and protection from floods .
all of this can possibly be designed to improve and extend water reserves for energy generation , irrigation , and industrial and private use , while guaranteeing a certain safety against droughts and protection against floods .
all this may possibly be designed to improve and extend water reserves for the generation of energy , irrigation , industrial and private use , while ensuring safety against droughts and protection against floods .

mais un échec à se prononcer aujourd&apos; hui de manière définitive sur le statut final du kosovo produira une situation encore pire dans les balkans , entravera l&apos; avancée de la serbie vers l&apos; occident et son adhésion à terme à l&apos; ue , condamnera les minorités ethniques du kosovo à une dangereuse ambiguïté et mettra en péril des états fragiles comme la bosnie et la macédoine .
but failure to proceed definitively now on kosovo &apos;s final status will produce a worse balkan situation , one that blocks serbia &apos;s move toward the west and ultimate membership in the eu , condemns kosovo &apos;s ethnic minorities to dangerous ambiguity , and imperils fragile states like bosnia and macedonia .
however , a failure to make a final decision today on the final status of kosovo will lead to an even worse situation in the balkans , will hinder serbia &apos;s progress towards the west and its long-term accession to the eu , condemn ethnic minorities in kosovo to a dangerous ambiguity and jeopardise fragile states such as bosnia and macedonia .
however , a failure to make a final decision today on kosovo &apos;s final status will result in an even worse situation in the balkans , will help serbia &apos;s progress towards the west and its long-term accession to the eu , condemn ethnic minorities in kosovo to dangerous ambiguity and jeopardise fragile states such as bosnia and macedonia .

ainsi , il a annoncé ne plus vouloir être à la remorque des etats-unis ni vouloir se rendre à washington pour y prendre simplement la photo traditionnelle . il a également promis de poursuivre la politique du président kim dae jung , appelée « la politique du rayon de soleil » , dans son engagement avec le nord .
for example , he said that he would not kow-tow to the us or visit washington just for the sake of a photo opportunity he also promised to continue president kim dae jung &apos;s &quot; sunshine policy &quot; of engagement with the north .
in this way , he has announced that he is no longer willing to go to the united states or want to go to washington simply to take the traditional photo , and he has also promised to pursue the policy of president kim dae jung , called the &apos; sung policy &apos; , in his commitment to the north .
in this way , he has announced that he no longer wants to be the morals of the united states or wants to travel to washington to simply take the traditional photo , and he also promised to pursue president kim dag jung &apos;s policy , called &apos; the policy of solar radiation &apos; , in his commitment with the north .

en effet , la décision de défendre la corée du sud contre les attaques menées contre elle en 1950 fut prise par le conseil uniquement parce que staline avait ordonné à ses diplomates de boycotter les séances de l&apos; onu , ce qui impliquait qu&apos; aucun ambassadeur soviétique n&apos; était présent pour exercer son droit de veto .
indeed , the decision to defend south korea from attack in 1950 was taken by the council only because stalin ordered his diplomats to boycott un proceedings , which meant that no soviet ambassador was around to cast a veto .
indeed , the decision to defend south korea against attacks against it in 1950 was taken by the council only because stalin ordered its diplomats to boycott the un sittings , which meant that no soviet ambassador was present to exercise his right of veto .
indeed , the decision to defend south korea against the attacks on it in 1950 was taken by the council only because stalin had ordered its diplomats to boycott un sittings , which meant that no soviet ambassador was present to exercise his right of veto .

l&apos; occasion se présente maintenant de se tourner vers l&apos; avenir et de mobiliser la communauté mondiale ( tous les pays sans exception , bien qu&apos; avec des responsabilités différentes ) dans la quête d&apos; un monde plus sûr , un monde qui éviterait les risques terribles de la dégradation environnementale et du conflit social impliqués par l&apos; inaction .
now is the chance to look forward and enlist the global community -- with no exclusions , although with differentiated responsibilities -- in the pursuit of a more secure world , one that avoids the dire risks of environmental degradation and social conflict implied by inaction .
the opportunity now is to turn to the future and to mobilise the world community ( all countries without exception , although with different responsibilities ) in the search for a safer world , a world that would avoid the terrible risks of environmental degradation and the social conflict involved in inaction .
now we have the opportunity to look to the future and to mobilise the world community ( all countries without exception , although with different responsibilities ) in the search for a safer world , a world that would avoid the terrible risks of environmental degradation and the social conflict involved in action .

la principale source de la force d&apos; un chancelier allemand ne rã <unk> side toutefois pas dans les pouvoirs lã <unk> gaux qui lui sont confã <unk> rã <unk> s par la constitution , mais dans le support rã <unk> el qu&apos; il rã <unk> unit dans son propre parti .
however , the main source of any german chancellor &apos;s strength is not to be found in the legal powers conferred upon him by the constitution ; it is the actual support he holds within his own party .
however , the main source of the force of a german chancellor is not to be allowed to be in the hands of the lfever powers that are being brought to light by the constitution , but in the development of the fetral support that he fettered in his own party .
however , the main source of the force of a german chancellor &apos;s force does not , however , have not been included in the lergates &apos; powers that have been passed on to the past , which have been written to him , which have been written in the name of the constitution , but in the support of the united kingdom , which he will have to act in his own party .

ce scepticisme est justifié : des documents internes obtenus lors de récents procès révèlent que les entreprises pharmaceutiques s&apos; abstiennent souvent de soumettre des informations critiques en termes de sécurité aux agences de régulation , comme le demande la loi , et omettent de communiquer ces informations aux médecins et aux patients .
their skepticism is hardly groundless : internal documents obtained in recent lawsuits reveal that drug companies often fail to submit critical safety information to regulatory agencies , as required by law , and fail to communicate such information to physicians and patients .
this scepticism is justified : internal documents obtained in recent trials show that pharmaceutical companies often refrain from making critical information in terms of safety to regulatory agencies , such as the application of the law , and omit to communicate this information to doctors and patients .
this scepticism is justified : internal documents obtained in recent trial show that pharmaceutical companies often abstain from making critical information in terms of security for regulatory agencies , such as the application of the law , and omit to communicate these information to doctors and patients .

nous avons tous un intérêt à vivre dans un monde dans lequel la force n&apos; est utilisée qu&apos; en dernier recours , où le terrorisme est considéré comme inadmissible , les armes de destruction massive ne se répandent pas et ne sont pas utilisées , le libre-échange devient la norme , les citoyens goûtent aux libertés fondamentales , les valeurs démocratiques triomphent et la loi remplace les armes à feu .
everyone has an interest in a world in which force is used only as a last resort , terrorism is regarded as beyond the pale , weapons of mass destruction do not spread and are not used , free trade becomes the norm , citizens enjoy basic liberties , democratic values triumph , and the rule of law replaces the way of the gun .
we all have an interest in living in a world in which the force is only used last resort , where terrorism is regarded as unacceptable , weapons of mass destruction do not spread and are not used , the free trade is becoming the norm , the citizens are living in fundamental freedoms , democratic values triumphed and the fire law .
we all have an interest in living in a world in which the force is only used last , where terrorism is unacceptable , the weapons of mass mass are not spread and are not used , and the free trade is becoming the standard , the citizens are becoming the fundamental freedoms , the democratic values , the triumph of weapons and the arms of weapons are not spread and are not used and are not used , and are not used , the free trade , become the standard , the citizens of the fundamental freedoms , the triumph of democratic values and the right to replace the fire law .

