aube nouvelle et dangereuse pour la corée du sud
south korea &apos;s dangerous new dawn
new and dangerous news for south korea
new and dangerous for south korea

prenons l&apos; exemple de la pauvreté en afrique .
consider poverty in africa .
let us take the example of poverty in africa .
let us take the example of poverty in africa .

les divisions de la droite en europe centrale
central europe &apos;s fractious right
right-wing divisions in central europe
the divisions of the right in central europe

les deux faits sont intimement liés .
the two events are intimately connected .
the two facts are closely linked .
the two facts are closely linked .

de l&apos; eau pour tous
water for all
water for all of us .
water for all .

alors que ses qualités de démocrate sont douteuses , il n&apos; a jamais
while his democratic credentials are dubious , he has not
while its democratic qualities are doubtful , it never has any confidence in it .
while his democratic qualities are dubious , he never has a doubt .

il serait donc prématuré que l&apos; inde ouvre son compte de capital immédiatement .
hence it would be premature for india to open up its capital account immediately .
it would therefore be premature for india to open up its capital account immediately .
it would therefore be premature for india to open up its capital immediately .

chaque partie justifie son intransigeance avec des arguments tendancieux .
both sides justify their intransigence with one-sided interpretations .
each party justifies its intransigence with conflicting arguments .
each part justifies its intransigence with strong arguments .

ces petites opérations manquaient aussi d&apos; un schéma interne commun .
those small operations also lacked a common internal design .
these small operations were also missing from a common internal system .
these small operations were also missing from a common internal system .

· le contrôle des effets indésirables doit être plus proactif .
· monitoring of adr &apos;s must be more pro-active .
the monitoring of undesirable effects must be more proactive .
the control of undesirable effects must be more proactive .

s&apos; agit-il de les partager ou d&apos; y contribuer ?
is it about sharing them or about contributing to them ?
is it about sharing them or helping them ?
is it a question of sharing them or contributing to it ?

les motivations terroristes diffèrent de cellule à cellule , même de personne à personne .
terrorist motivations differ from cell to cell , even from person to person .
terrorist reasons differ from the unit , even from person to person .
the terrorists &apos; grounds differ from the cell to the cell , even anyone to anyone .

pourquoi n&apos; y a-t-il pas davantage de jeunes qui savent comment se protéger contre le sida ?
why don &apos;t more young people learn how to lower the risk of getting hiv / aids ?
why are there no more young people who know how to protect themselves against aids ?
why is there no more young people who know how to protect themselves from aids ?

de ce fait , ils sont toujours plus facilement la proie d&apos; une mauvaise santé .
as a result , they are increasingly vulnerable to poor health .
in this respect , they are increasingly easily affected by bad health .
in this respect , they are always more easily the cause of bad health .

m. assad devra montrer que son autorité renforcée peut mener à une transformation réelle .
assad must show that his enhanced authority can lead to genuine transformation .
mr assad will have to show that his enhanced authority can lead to real transformation .
mr assad will have to show that his strengthened authority can lead to real transformation .

cet homme se faisait appeler président du « comité de la réconciliation nationale » .
this man now styled himself as chairman of a &quot; committee of national reconciliation . &quot;
this man was called the chairman of the &apos; national reconciliation committee &apos; committee .
this man called the president of the &apos; national reconciliation committee &apos; .

au liban , les syriens n&apos; ont cessé de se méprendre sur les intentions du gouvernement bush .
in lebanon , the syrians have repeatedly misread the bush administration &apos;s intentions .
in lebanon , the syrian people have ceased to stand on the intentions of the bush government .
in lebanon , the syrian people have ceased to ignore the intentions of the bush government .

j&apos; ai présenté dans chaque pays une liste de prisonniers politiques , en demandant quel était leur sort .
in each country , i presented lists of political prisoners and asked about their fates .
i have presented in every country a list of political prisoners , asking what their fate was .
i presented a list of political prisoners in each country , asking what fate they were .

il faut aussi compter sur la répugnance générale à rapporter les effets indésirables des médicaments .
there is also a general reluctance to report unfavorable drug effects .
we also need to rely on the general disapproval of the undesirable effects of medicines .
we also need to count on the general repudiation to report the undesirable effects of medicines .

en europe centrale , le problème fondamental de la droite est son manque d&apos; identité clairement définie .
the most serious problem of central europe &apos;s political right is a lack of identity .
in central europe , the fundamental problem of the right is its clear lack of identity .
in central europe , the fundamental problem of the right is its lack of clearly defined identity .

pourtant , beaucoup de jeunes sont encore mal préparés au secondaire et les places y sont rares .
yet many young people are ill prepared for secondary school , and places are scarce .
however , many young people are still poorly prepared at secondary level and there are few places there .
however , many young people are still poorly prepared for the secondary , and there are few places there .

toutes les explications possibles ont été avancées , et mettent généralement le doigt sur ce que les africains font de travers .
every conceivable explanation has been given , usually focusing on what africans do wrong .
all possible explanations have been made , and generally point out what the africans are doing through .
all possible explanations have been made , and are generally pointing out what the africans are doing through .

après des décennies de privation de leur autonomie , les polonais ont brusquement recouvré leur capacité à l&apos; autodétermination .
after decades of disempowerment , poles suddenly regained their capacity for self-determination .
after decades of their autonomy , polish people suddenly recovered their ability to self-determination .
after decades of depletion of their autonomy , poles have suddenly resigned their capacity for self-determination .

il est possible que bush ait lu ces rapports , mais ils dépassaient ses capacités intellectuelles de compréhension .
it &apos;s possible that bush read those reports , but that they were beyond his comprehension .
it is possible that bush has read these reports , but they have exceeded their intellectual capacity for understanding .
it is possible that bush has read these reports , but they have exceeded their intellectual capacities of understanding .

ces cinq chocs constituent des développements historiques bénéfiques pour le monde dans son ensemble , mais problématiques pour l&apos; allemagne .
all five shocks constitute historical developments that are good for the world as a whole , but problematic for germany .
these five shocks are beneficial historical developments for the world as a whole , but are problematic for germany .
these five shocks are historic developments that are beneficial to the world as a whole , but problematic for germany .

les délégués du forum mondial de l&apos; eau auront de multiples occasions pour forger et renforcer ces partenariats .
delegates to the world water forum will have ample opportunity to forge and / or strengthen these partnerships .
the delegates of the world water forum will have many opportunities for forging and strengthening these partnerships .
the delegates of the world water forum will have many opportunities to force and strengthen these partnerships .

la réussite en politique extérieure , comme en menuiserie , doit s&apos; appuyer sur les outils appropriés à la tâche .
success in foreign policy , as in carpentry , requires the right tools for the job .
the success of external policy , such as in menuisting , must be based on the appropriate tools for the task .
the success in external policy , as in menu , must be based on the appropriate tools for the task .

si khodorkovsky conteste la décision finale des tribunaux russes , il fera sans aucun doute appel devant cette juridiction .
if khodorkovsky disagrees with the final decision of the russian courts , he will undoubtedly appeal to that court .
if khodorkovsky dispute the final decision of the russian courts , he will undoubtedly appeal to this jurisdiction .
if khodorkovsky disputes the final decision of the russian courts , it will undoubtedly appeal to this jurisdiction .

l&apos; onu est née des cendres d&apos; une guerre que la ligue des nations s&apos; est révélée dans l&apos; incapacité de prévenir .
the un arose from the ashes of a war that the league of nations was unable to avert .
the un was born of the ash of a war that the league of nations showed itself in the inability to prevent .
the un was born of the ashes of a war that the league of nations has shown itself to be unable to prevent .

en cette époque de mondialisation , ce sont de vastes forces impersonnelles qui sont censées déterminer le cours des événements .
in our globalized age , vast impersonal forces are supposed to determine events .
at this time of globalisation , it is huge personal forces that are supposed to determine the course of events .
at this time of globalisation , it is large unpersonal forces that are supposed to determine the course of events .

ainsi , malgré la quantité impressionnante d&apos; excellentes données recueillies , la solution resta cruellement hors d&apos; atteinte .
so despite the enormous amount of excellent data that was collected , the solution remained tantalizingly out of reach .
in this way , despite the impressive quantity of excellent data collected , the solution has been very far from being achieved .
in this way , despite the impressive amount of excellent data collected , the solution has been severely unaffected .

ces votes reflétaient en partie le mécontentement des électeurs vis-à-vis des politiques intérieures ainsi que leur déception envers la conduite gouvernementale des affaires européennes .
those votes partly reflected displeasure with domestic policies , and partly disappointment with the way governments conduct european affairs .
these votes were partly reflected in the discontent of voters with regard to internal policies and their disappointment with the government of european affairs .
these votes reflected in part the discontent of the voters with regard to internal policies and their disappointment towards the government of european affairs .

ainsi , une personne peut simultanément se déclarer libérale et demander que le gouvernement continue à subventionner l&apos; énergie , l&apos; éducation et le logement .
a person may describe him or herself as , for example , a liberal , yet at same time demand that the government continue subsidizing energy , education , or housing .
thus , a person can at the same time declare liberal and ask that the government continue to subsidise energy , education and housing .
thus , a person can at the same time say liberal and ask that the government continues to subsidise energy , education and housing .

ce qui n&apos; est pas vrai des régimes totalitaires ou fondamentalistes qui doivent être abattus pour donner le jour à des sociétés libres .
this is not true of totalitarian or fundamentalist regimes , because , to foster free societies , they must be deposed .
what is not true of totalitarian or fundamentalist regimes that must be slaughtered to give free societies a day .
what is not true of totalitarian or fundamentalist regimes that must be slaughtered to give free societies the day .

même si la mondialisation est un procédé progressif , elle a gagné en énergie lorsque la chine a décidé d&apos; entrer dans le jeu .
although globalization is a gradual process , it gained momentum when china decided to play the game .
even if globalisation is a gradual process , it has won energy when china decided to enter the game .
even if globalisation is a progressive process , it won energy when china decided to enter the game .

si le goût pour la musique classique doit être subventionné , il faut favoriser des subventions mieux ciblées plutôt que des prix bas .
if a taste for classical music is to be subsidized , some more targeted subsidies should be preferred to cheap prices .
if the taste for traditional music is to be subsidised , it is necessary to promote better targeted subsidies rather than lower prices .
if the taste for traditional music needs to be subsidised , we must encourage more targeted subsidies rather than low prices .

suite à la crise de la balance des paiements en 1991 , le cours du change de la roupie a été dévalué de 20 % .
following the 1991 balance of payments crisis , the rupee &apos;s exchange rate was devalued around 20 % .
as a result of the crisis in the balance of payments in 1991 , the wheat exchange rate has been devalued by 20 % .
as a result of the crisis in the balance of payments in 1991 , the exchange rate of the wheat has been devalued by 20 % .

la position populiste et nationaliste de roh sera rapidement et durement mise à l&apos; épreuve par la réalité quand il prendra son poste en février .
roh &apos;s populist and nationalist stance will be swiftly and sorely tested by reality when he assumes power in february .
the populist and nationalistic position of roh will be quickly and hard tested by the reality when it takes its post in february .
the populist and nationalistic position of roh will be quickly and hard to test the reality when it takes its post in february .

quelle triste conclusion pour une présidence ouverte en fanfare , il y a six mois , par les déclarations passionnément pro-européennes de tony blair !
it is a sad conclusion to a presidency , launched six-months ago , with blair &apos;s claim that he was a &quot; passionate pro-european &quot; .
what sad conclusion for an open presidency in fantasy six months ago by the exciting european statements by tony blair !
what sad conclusion is for an open presidency in fanatics six months ago by the pro-european statements of tony blair !

la possibilité que les déficits traitent correctement les générations futures dépend de la manière dont sont conçus les systèmes d&apos; imposition et de dépense d&apos; un gouvernement .
whether or not deficits treat future generations properly depends on how a government &apos;s systems for taxation and expenditure are designed .
the possibility that deficits properly deal with future generations depends on the way in which tax systems are designed and the expenditure of a government .
the possibility that deficits deal properly with future generations depends on the way in which the tax and expenditure systems are designed for a government .

si des ennemis nous menacent , il vaut mieux d&apos; abord affirmer sa légitimité , donc acquérir une crédibilité , interne d&apos; abord , externe ensuite .
but when enemies are merely threatening , it is better first to assert legitimacy , and thus acquire some credibility at home and abroad .
if enemies threaten us , it is better first of all to affirm its legitimacy , thus acquiring internal credibility , first of all , outside .
if enemies threaten us , then it is better to assert its legitimacy , so to acquire an internal credibility , first and foremost , external .

là , l&apos; europe se comporte comme l&apos; amérique , qui a depuis longtemps adopté la rhétorique du libre échange alors que ses actions en ignorent depuis longtemps les principes .
here , europe acts like america , which has long talked the rhetoric of free trade , while its actions have long ignored the principles .
this is where europe has been like america , which has for a long time adopted the rhetoric of free trade , while its actions have for a long time ignored the principles .
there , europe has been like america , which has for a long time adopted the rhetoric of free trade while its actions have long ignored the principles .

l&apos; espoir de les convaincre de retirer leur soutien ou le droit d&apos; asile qu&apos; ils accordent aux terroristes repose sur la certitude et l&apos; efficacité auxquelles ils sont confrontés .
whatever hope exists that they can be persuaded to withdraw support or sanctuary from terrorists rests on the certainty and effectiveness with which they are confronted .
the hope of convincing them to withdraw their support or the right of asylum that they give to terrorists is based on the certainty and effectiveness they face .
the hope of convincing them to withdraw their support or the right to asylum granted to terrorists is based on the certainty and effectiveness they face .

il est intéressant de noter que les magasins évoluent à la manière des pétales d&apos; une fleur qui s&apos; épaississent et s&apos; étendent .
interestingly , the video shows how the stores spread out like petals of a flower , ever thickening and expanding .
it is interesting to note that shops are moving in the way of a fesm that paints and extends .
it is interesting to note that the shops are changing in the way of a fta that is moving and extended .

en effet , les déficits budgétaires actuels reflètent des problèmes sur le long terme qui ne correspondent pas du tout à ce que prévoit la théorie keynésienne .
indeed , today &apos;s budget deficits reflect long-term problems that are not what keynesian theory envisions .
indeed , current budget deficits reflect problems in the long term which do not correspond at all to what is laid down in the nesian theory .
in fact , the current budget deficits reflect the long-term problems that do not correspond to everything that is provided for in the nesian theory .

cette rentrée est aussi marquée ( des deux côtés de l&apos; atlantique ) par le retour des inquiétudes sur les moyens de financement de la musique classique .
this rentrée is also marked ( on both sides of the atlantic ) by the return of worries about how classical music is financed .
this entry is also marked ( from both sides of the atlantic ) by the return of concerns about the means of financing traditional music .
this entry has also been marked ( both sides of the atlantic ) by the return of concerns on the means of financing traditional music .

en fait , l&apos; écroulement des twin towers , qui fut un événement surprenant dans ses modalités , son caractère symbolique et son ampleur , n&apos; a rien changé .
in fact , the attacks , while surprising in their method , symbolic character , and scope , changed nothing .
in fact , the collapse of twins , which was a surprising event in its way , its symbolic nature and its scale , has not changed anything .
in fact , the inadequacy of the fans , which was an surprising event in its terms , its symbolic nature and its scale , has changed nothing .

mais la foi en l&apos; obtention d&apos; informations détaillées sur la structure protéique à partir de schémas radiographiques demeurait , mais seulement si ces informations pouvaient être découvertes .
but the faith remained that detailed information about protein structure could be obtained from the x-ray patterns in some way , if only it could be discovered .
however , the faith in obtaining detailed information on the protein structure from radiological schriots would remain , but only if this information could be discovered .
however , faith in obtaining detailed information on the protein structure from radioactive schas would remain , but only if this information could be discovered .

mon objectif stratégique est donc de faire mieux connaître le bureau du médiateur , afin d&apos; obtenir davantage de respect et de reconnaissance de la part des citoyens et de l&apos; etat .
my tactical goal is thus to raise the public profile of the ombudsman &apos;s office , in order to win more respect and recognition by both citizens and the state .
my strategic objective is therefore to make the ombudsman &apos;s office better known , in order to achieve greater respect and recognition on the part of the citizens and the state .
my strategic objective is , therefore , to make the ombudsman &apos;s office more aware of this , in order to achieve greater respect and recognition from the citizens and of the state .

le kosovo est ainsi devenu une expérience internationale de construction de société , menée par la mission administrative par intérim de l&apos; onu au kosovo ( unmik ) .
kosovo has subsequently become an international experiment in society building , led by the un interim administration mission in kosovo ( unmik ) .
in this way , kosovo has become an international experience of the construction of society , led by the un administrative mission to kosovo ( unmik ) .
kosovo has thus become an international experience of building society , carried out by the un administrative mission in kosovo ( unmik ) .

cela fit trois ans que le président américain poursuit un programme unilatéral , refusant toute preuve venant contredire ses positions et négligeant les principes américains fondamentaux et historiques .
for three years , america &apos;s president has pursued a unilateralist agenda , ignoring all evidence that contradicts his positions , and putting aside basic and longstanding american principles .
it was three years since the american president continued a unilateral programme , refusing to contradict his positions and ignoring the fundamental and historic american principles .
for three years , the american president is continuing a unilateral programme , refusing to demonstrate his positions and disregard the fundamental and historical principles of the united states .

il semblerait aujourd&apos; hui que les déclarations de 1945 faites à potsdam et qui entérinaient l&apos; expulsion en masse des populations allemandes représentent le nouvel ennemi .
today , it appears that the potsdam declarations of 1945 , which sanctioned the mass eviction of german populations , are the new enemy .
it would appear today that the 1945 declarations made in potsdam and which approved the mass expulsion of the german people represent the new enemy .
it would appear today that the statements made in potsdam in potsdam , which approved the mass expulsion of german populations , represent the new enemy .

la direction du parti fut tellement assagie par le traumatisme du 4 juin que pendant les années qui suivirent , il fut difficile de déterminer si la réforme survivrait .
so chastened by the trauma of june 4 was the party leadership that , for several years afterwards , it was unclear if any reform would survive .
the leadership of the party was so aggregated by the trauma of 4 june that during the years following , it was difficult to determine whether the reform would survive .
the leadership of the party was so assaulted by the trauma of 4 june that , during the years following , it was difficult to determine whether the reform would survive .

certains le déplorent , et préfèrent le système de queue pour obtenir des billets car ils craignent que des tarifs plus élevés ne compromettent le public futur en excluant les jeunes .
some argue that this is a bad thing , because they prefer queuing to the price system and fear that higher prices will compromise future audiences by excluding young people .
some people regret this , and prefer the system of quint to obtain notes because they fear that higher tariffs do not jeopardise the future public by excluding young people .
some of them regret this , and prefer the system of ticket to obtain tickets , because they fear that higher tariffs will not jeopardise the future public by excluding young people .

il peut être difficile de renverser un régime totalitariste et d&apos; organiser des élections , mais la tâche la plus dure consiste à transformer les votes des électeurs en une vraie démocratie .
overthrowing a totalitarian regime and organizing elections may be hard , but the harder task is to go from voting to establishing a true democracy .
it may be difficult to overturn an arist regime and organise elections , but the most difficult task is to transform voters &apos; votes into real democracy .
it can be difficult to overturn a totalitarianism regime and organise elections , but the most hard task is to turn the votes of the voters into real democracy .

alors que les américains dépendent des dons privés déductibles des impôts et des recettes pour financer les spectacles de musique classique , les européens préfèrent un soutien gouvernemental direct .
whereas americans depend upon tax-deductible private donations and box office receipts to finance live classical music , europeans prefer direct government support for the arts .
at a time when the americans depend on private donations of taxes and revenue to finance traditional music , europeans prefer direct government support .
while the americans depend on private donations of taxes and revenue to finance traditional music tracks , europeans prefer direct government support .

au départ , ce retrait laissait de nombreux gouvernements sceptiques , mais ils ont fini par réaliser , comme on dit à washington , que c&apos; était la seule chose à faire .
many governments were initially skeptical about disengagement , but realized that -- as the washington saying goes -- &quot; this is the only game in town . &quot;
from the outset , this withdrawal came from many sceptical governments , but , as is said in washington , it was the only thing to do .
from the outset , the withdrawal of many sceptical governments , but they ended up achieving , as we said in washington , that it was the only thing to do .

ceci demande davantage de financements , qui devraient provenir des principaux bénéficiaires de la vente des médicaments : l&apos; industrie pharmaceutique , au même titre que la surveillance de la sécurité aérienne est financée par les compagnies aériennes .
this requires more funding , which should come from the main beneficiary of drug sales -- the pharmaceutical industry -- just as oversight of aviation safety is funded by the airlines .
this calls for more funding , which should come from the main beneficiaries of the sale of medicines : the pharmaceutical industry , along with air safety surveillance , is financed by airlines .
this calls for more funding , which should come from the main beneficiaries of the sale of medicines : the pharmaceutical industry , as well as air safety surveillance , is financed by airlines .

l&apos; opposition grandissante contre l&apos; hégémonie syrienne au liban ne représente qu&apos; un des quatre problèmes similaires auxquels la syrie doit faire face et qu&apos; elle a traités de manière inappropriée .
growing opposition to syrian hegemony in lebanon is but one of four related problems syria faces , all of which it has addressed inadequately .
the growing opposition against syrian hegemony in lebanon is only one of the four similar problems that syria has to face and that it has treated in an inappropriate way .
the growing opposition against the syrian hegemony in lebanon is only one of the four similar problems that syria has to face and that it has dealt with in an inappropriate way .

c&apos; est l&apos; une des raisons pour lesquelles les artistes en europe aiment l&apos; argent public ; il les libère d&apos; un régime exclusif de beethoven et de mozart .
this is one reason performing artists in europe like public money -- it liberates them from a diet of only beethoven and mozart .
this is one of the reasons why artists in europe are helping public money ; it liberates them from an exclusive regime of beethoven and mozart .
this is one of the reasons why artists in europe help public money ; it liberates them from an exclusive regime of beethooet and mozart .

l&apos; amérique ne s&apos; est pas acquis le coeur et l&apos; esprit des irakiens , mais au contraire les a perdus , tout comme elle a perdu les coeurs et les esprits de bien des peuples .
america has not won the hearts and minds of those in iraq ; indeed , it has lost them , just as it has lost the hearts and minds of much of the world .
america has not acquired the heart and spirit of iraqis , but , on the contrary , has lost them , just as it has lost the people and the minds of the people .
america has not acquired the heart and spirit of the iraqi people , but on the contrary it has lost them , just as it has lost the coers and the minds of the people .

dans plusieurs pays d&apos; europe centrale , les partis de gauche ont été mieux placés pour accomplir ces réformes que la droite , car , paradoxalement , ils ont une plus grande légitimité pour cela .
leftist parties in various central european countries , indeed , have often turned out to be more successful in reforming because they , paradoxically , have greater legitimacy in this respect .
in several central european countries , left parties have been better placed to carry out these reforms than the right , because paradoxically they have greater legitimacy for that .
in several central european countries , the left parties were better placed to carry out these reforms than the right , because , paradoxically , they have greater legitimacy for this .

et pourtant aucun pays , qu&apos; il soit riche ou pauvre , n&apos; a très envie de réduire sa consommation d&apos; énergie , inquiet à l&apos; idée qu&apos; une telle démarche puisse menacer ses emplois , ses revenus et sa croissance économique .
yet no country , rich or poor , is keen to cut its energy use , owing to concern that to do so would threaten jobs , incomes , and economic growth .
yet no country , whether rich or poor , wants to reduce its energy consumption , worried about the idea that such a move can threaten its jobs , income and economic growth .
yet no country , whether it is rich or poor , has a great desire to reduce its energy consumption , concerns the idea that such an approach can threaten its jobs , income and economic growth .

reste à relever le défi d&apos; une alternative , d&apos; un ensemble de politiques visant à promouvoir le développement sans tomber dans le piège d&apos; un nouveau plan impraticable soi-disant prévu pour le bien-être de tous les pays sans distinction .
but the challenge is to provide an alternative set of policy guidelines for promoting development , without falling into the trap of promulgating yet another impractical blueprint , supposedly right for all countries at all times .
there is still the challenge of an alternative , of a set of policies aimed at promoting development without falling into the trap of a new unworkable plan for the welfare of all countries without distinction .
there is still the challenge of an alternative , a set of policies to promote development without falling into the trap of a new unworkable plan for the welfare of all countries without distinction .

ce pacte est déjà en train de pousser l&apos; allemagne à la récession , le gouvernement italien se débat pour réviser ses prévisions de croissance suffisamment vite pour ne pas se faire dépasser par un indice de production défaillant .
the pact is already knocking germany into recession , and italy &apos;s government is struggling to revise its growth forecasts fast enough to keep up with falling output .
this pact is already pushing germany into recession , the italian government is debating to review its growth forecasts sufficiently quickly so as not to go beyond this indefensible production index .
this pact is already moving germany into recession , the italian government is debating its growth forecasts quickly enough so that it does not go beyond this meagre production .

son style et sa rhétorique mettaient en avant l&apos; image nouvelle ( pour la corée ! ) d&apos; un homme du peuple engagé dans l&apos; élimination des réseaux de favoritisme et de corruption sclérosés .
his style and rhetoric projected the fresh ( for korea ! ) image of a common man committed to eliminating the ossified networks of cronyism and corruption .
his style and rhetoric put forward the new image ( for korea ) of a man who is committed to the elimination of privileged networks and multiple corruption .
his style and his rhetoric put forward the new image ( for korea ) of a man of the people committed to the elimination of favoured networks and multiple corruption .

pourtant , dans les pays les plus avancés , les promesses de la prospérité matérielle rendue possible grâce à la liberté a remplacé depuis longtemps l&apos; attention portée aux valeurs démocratiques et à leur défense comme ciment social .
but in the world &apos;s most advanced countries , the promise of material prosperity that freedom made possible has long since replaced attention to and defense of fundamental democratic values as the cement of society .
however , in the most advanced countries , the promises of material prosperity made possible thanks to freedom have long replaced the scope of democratic values and their defence as social .
however , in the most advanced countries , the promises of material prosperity made possible through freedom have long been replaced by the importance of democratic values and their defence as a social rule .

oubliée la rhétorique américaine sur la justice et l&apos; équité , dans les négociations commerciales , les états-unis ignorent le plaidoyer des pays les plus pauvres au monde pour mettre fin aux subventions cotonnières qui ont un effet si dévastateur pour eux .
forget about america &apos;s rhetoric of upholding fairness and justice ; in trade negotiations , the us ignores the pleas of the poorest countries of the world to eliminate the cotton subsidies that have had so devastating an effect on them .
forgetting american rhetoric on justice and fairness , in trade negotiations , the united states does not ignore the complaining of the poorest countries in the world to put an end to the voluntary subsidies that have such a devastating effect for them .
we forget the american rhetoric on justice and fairness , in trade negotiations , the united states is ignoring the complainant of the poorest countries in the world to put an end to the subsidies that have such a devastating effect on them .

historiquement , le prix de l&apos; immobilier a toujours démontré de forts mouvements , et les prix dans toutes ces villes augmentent toujours à un taux important , même s&apos; il est généralement quelque peu plus lent qu&apos; il y a un an ou deux .
historically , housing prices have shown a lot of momentum , and prices in all these cities are still going up at a brisk rate , though usually somewhat slower than a year or more ago .
historically , the price of property has always shown strong movements , and prices in all these cities are still increasing at an important rate , even though it is generally somewhat more slow than a year or two .
historically , the price of property has always shown strong movements , and prices in all these cities are still increasing at an important rate , even if it is generally somewhat more slow than a year or two .

si le conseil de sécurité échoue à prendre une décision sur un statut final , il provoquera une situation critique : le kosovo proclamera son indépendance de façon unilatérale et toutes les nations devront décider de reconnaître ou pas le nouvel état .
if the security council fails to reach a decision on final status , it will produce a grave situation : kosovo would declare independence unilaterally , and all nations would have to make up their mind whether or not to recognize the new state .
if the security council fails to take a decision on a final status , it will cause a critical situation : kosovo will declare its independence unilaterally and all nations will have to decide to recognise or not the new state .
if the security council fails to take a decision on a final statute , it will cause a critical situation : kosovo will declare its independence unilaterally and all nations will have to decide to recognise or not the new state .

nous ignorons les etats qui vont à la dérive à nos risques et périls car l&apos; anarchie crée un environnement propice à des idéologies extrémistes et peut même offrir un refuge aux terroristes , aux criminels et aux trafiquants de drogues .
we ignore failing states at our peril , because anarchy creates an environment conducive to extremist ideologies and can offer a haven for terrorists , criminals , and drug traffickers .
we do not know from the member states that are moving away from our risks , because anarchy creates an environment for extremist ideologies and can even offer refuge to terrorists , criminals and drug traffickers .
we do not know ourselves from the states that are going to move towards our risks and percentages , because anarchy creates a favourable environment for extremist ideologies and can even offer terrorist refuge , criminals and drug traffickers .

en irak , bush a de nouveau poursuivit un programme unilatéral , expliquant qu&apos; il détenait des preuves irréfutables des liens de saddam avec al qaïda et qu&apos; il possédait des armes de destruction massive .
in iraq , bush again pursued a unilateralist agenda , saying that there was incontrovertible evidence of a link with al queda , and that saddam had weapons of mass destruction .
in iraq , bush has again continued a unilateral programme , explaining that he had irrefutable evidence of saddam hussein &apos;s links with qaeda and that he had weapons of mass destruction .
in iraq , bush has once again continued a unilateral programme , explaining that he was unquestionable evidence of the links between saddam hussein and qaeda and that he had weapons of mass destruction .

la révolution scientifique a été rendue possible par la presse typographique , la révolution industrielle par la machine à vapeur et si l&apos; inde échappe à la famine , c&apos; est grâce à l&apos; augmentation des rendements agricoles , ce que l&apos; on appelle la &quot; révolution verte . &quot;
the scientific revolution was made possible by the printing press , the industrial revolution by the steam engine , and india &apos;s escape from famine by increased farm yields -- the so-called &quot; green revolution . &quot;
the scientific revolution has been made possible by the typography press , the industrial revolution by the vaper machine and , if india escapes hunger , it is thanks to the increase in agricultural yields , the so-called &apos; green revolution &apos; .
the scientific revolution has been made possible by the typosty press , the industrial revolution by the vaping machine and if india escapes hunger , it is thanks to the increase in agricultural travel , what is known as the green revolution .

toutefois l&apos; amérique et l&apos; europe semblent souvent ne pas voir le monde avec les mêmes yeux : la réponse de l&apos; espagne aux attaques terroristes , une menace qui touche toutes les démocraties , a été d&apos; élire un gouvernement promettant de mettre fin à la politique proaméricaine en irak .
yet america and europe often do not seem to see the world through the same glasses : spain &apos;s response to the terrorist attacks - a threat common to all democracies - was to vote in a government promising an end to pro-us policy on iraq .
however , america and europe often seem not to see the world with the same eyes : spain &apos;s response to terrorist attacks , a threat that affects all democracies , has been to elect a government that promises to put an end to american policy in iraq .
however , america and europe often do not seem to see the world with the same eyes : spain &apos;s response to terrorist attacks , a threat affecting all democracies , has been to elect a government that is promising to put an end to american policy in iraq .

après avoir contesté les preuves scientifiques soulignant les problèmes , le plus gros pollueur de la planète , les etats-unis , a simplement refusé d&apos; agir au-delà du simple appel à une certaine restriction volontaire que l&apos; on voit peu à l&apos; oeuvre , en amérique en tout cas .
after first disputing that there was scientific evidence of the problem , the largest polluter in the world , the us , is now simply refusing to do anything about it ( other than preaching voluntary restraint — of which there is little evidence , at least in america ) .
after questioning the scientific evidence pointing out the problems , the world &apos;s largest polluter , the united states simply refused to act beyond the simple call for a certain voluntary restriction that is little to be done , in america at any rate .
the united states has simply refused to act beyond the simple call for a certain voluntary restriction of the scientific evidence highlighting the problems , the biggest pollutant of the planet , and the united states , in any case , has simply refused to act beyond a certain voluntary restriction that has not been achieved in america .

les anciens modèles de croissance économique , cependant , tels que l&apos; orientation des exportations ou l&apos; utilisation sélective de restrictions à l&apos; importation qui produisaient des résultats satisfaisants en asie de l&apos; est au siècle dernier , sont moins bien adaptés aux nouvelles lois d&apos; échange internationales .
old models of economic growth , however , such as export orientation and selective use of import restrictions that worked well for east asia in the last century , are less feasible under today &apos;s global trade rules .
however , the old models of economic growth , such as the direction of exports or the selective use of import restrictions which produce satisfactory results in asia last century , are less suitable for new international trade laws .
however , the old models of economic growth , such as the orientation of exports or the selective use of import restrictions which produced satisfactory results in asia in the last century , are less suitable for the new international exchange laws .

m. chávez insiste sur le mécanisme de référendum de mise en disponibilité prévu dans sa constitution , ce que l&apos; opposition ne peut tolérer : se débarrasser ainsi du président nécessiterait un nombre bien plus grand de votes que ceux réunis par m. chávez lors des dernières élections .
chávez insists on the recall referendum mechanism included in his constitution , which the opposition cannot tolerate : removing the president in this way would require a larger absolute number of votes than chávez garnered in the last election .
mr chávez insists on the draft referendum mechanism for availability in his constitution , which the opposition cannot tolerate : to get rid of the president would require a much greater number of votes than those held by mr chávez during the last elections .
what the opposition cannot tolerate : to get rid of the president would require a much greater number of votes than those tabled by mr chávez in the last elections .

la crise argentine de la fin de l&apos; année 2001 ressemblait de manière extraordinaire à la crise argentine des frères baring , en 1890 -- si ce n&apos; est que les politiciens et les banquiers internationaux semblaient avoir une bien meilleure idée de ce qu&apos; il fallait faire pour minimiser les dégâts qu&apos; ils ne semblent en avoir aujourd&apos; hui .
argentina &apos;s crisis at the end of 2001 looked remarkably like argentina &apos;s baring brothers crisis of 1890 -- save that politicians and international bankers seem to have had a much better idea of what to do to minimize the damage in 1890 than they do today .
the crisis in argentina at the end of 2001 seemed extraordinary to the argentina crisis in baring , in 1890 - if only politicians and international bankers seemed to have a much better idea of what needs to be done to minimise the damage they seem to have done today .
the argentina crisis at the end of 2001 seemed to be extraordinary in the argentina crisis in barents , in 1890 - if only the politicians and international bankers seemed to have a much better idea of what needs to be done to minimise the damage they seem to have today .

cette situation se vérifie également dans les pays non européens , comme par exemple le président brésilien récemment acclamé , luis inacio « lula » da silva , sans parler du président sud-coréen to roh moo-hyun , ce dernier ayant demandé un référendum pour stopper la baisse de sa popularité .
beyond europe this is true even for the recently acclaimed brazilian president luis inacio &quot; lula &quot; da silva , to say nothing of mexican president vicente fox and south korean president roh moo-hyun , the latter having called for a referendum to help arrest his sinking popularity .
this situation is also being verified in the non-european countries , such as the brazilian president , luis luinthe &apos; lula da &apos; , not to mention the south korean president in rohh anew , who called for a referendum to stop his popularity .
this situation is also verified in the non-european countries , such as the recent brazilian president , luis luin&apos; lula lugla da da , not to mention the south korean president in romof , who asked for a referendum to stop the fall of his popularity .

à la fin des années 1970 , les monétaristes avaient fait le pari que seule une augmentation modeste et transitoire du chômage pouvait contenir l&apos; inflation rampante - et ouverte - de l&apos; occident industriel , et qu&apos; avec le recul le coût du retour à la stabilité des prix effective en aurait valu la peine .
at the end of the 1970 &apos;s , monetarists bet that only a transitory and modest increase in unemployment could rein in the creeping -- and trotting -- inflation of the industrial west , and that in retrospect the cost of returning to effective price stability would be judged worthwhile .
at the end of the 1970s , monetarists had made the pari that only a modest and transitional increase in unemployment could contain rampant inflation - and open - of the industrial west , and that , with the decline in the cost of return to effective price stability , it would have been worth it .
at the end of the 1970s , the monetarists did the parity that only a modest and transitional increase in unemployment could contain the corrupt inflation - and open - of the industrial west , and that the cost of the return to effective price stability would have been worth it .

mais ce sont des exceptions : l&apos; impact cumulatif de ces réformes au cours des 25 dernières années a produit une plus grande inégalité dans la plupart des pays développés et en développement , avec l&apos; augmentation du chômage , de plus grandes disparités de revenus , la réduction des protections sociales et la dégradation de l&apos; environnement .
but they are exceptions : the cumulative impact of these reforms over the past 25 years has been greater inequality in most developed and developing countries , with rising unemployment , greater earnings disparities , reduced social protection , and environmental degradation .
the exception of these reforms in the last 25 years has resulted in greater inequality in most developed and developing countries , with increased unemployment , greater disparities in income , reduction of social protection and environmental degradation .
but these exceptions are exceptions : the sustainable impact of these reforms over the last 25 years has resulted in greater inequality in most developed and developing countries , with increasing unemployment , greater disparities in income , reducing social protection and environmental degradation .

cela signifie que les organismes de retraite et d&apos; impôt doivent être conçus pour prendre davantage en compte les circonstances changeantes auxquelles doivent faire face les différentes générations plutôt que de faire des promesses figées , qui ne pourront très certainement pas être tenues de toute manière , d&apos; un certain rétablissement à l&apos; avenir .
what this means is that pension and tax institutions must be designed to take better account of the changing circumstances facing different generations , rather than make fixed promises--which most likely cannot be kept , anyway--of a certain payout in the future .
this means that pension and tax bodies must be designed to take more account of the changing circumstances to which the different generations have to face , rather than making promises made , which will certainly not be kept in any way , in the future .
this means that pension and tax bodies must be designed to take more account of the changing circumstances that the various generations have to face rather than make fired promises , which will certainly not be held in any way , in any case , a certain recovery in the future .

tandis que des irakiens libres décrivent le cauchemar du règne de saddam , qui a duré un quart de siècle , nous ne devons pas oublier quels sont ceux qui ont soutenu cette guerre et ceux qui ne l&apos; ont pas soutenue , ceux qui ont affirmé que l&apos; autorité morale de la communauté internationale était enchâssée dans des plaidoyers visant à obtenir des délais supplémentaires pour les inspecteurs de l&apos; onu et ceux qui manifesté contre le « changement de régime » .
as free iraqis document the quarter-century nightmare of saddam &apos;s rule , we must not forget who supported this war and who did not , who held that the international community &apos;s moral authority was enshrined in pleas for more time for the un arms inspectors , and who marched against &quot; regime change &quot; .
while free iraqis describe the nightmare of saddam hussein , which lasted a quarter of a century , we must not forget what those who supported this war and those who did not support it , those who said that the international community &apos;s moral authority was enacted in complainants to obtain additional deadlines for the un inspectors and those against the &apos; change regime &apos; .
we must not forget what those who supported this war and those who have not supported it , while free iraqi people describe the nightmare of saddam &apos;s nightmare , who took over a quarter of a century , were not to forget what were those who supported this war and those who did not support it , those who said that the moral authority of the international community was enacted in the eyes of calling for additional deadlines for the un inspectors and those who demonstrate &apos; change &apos; .

la transformation de m. sharon , le traître devenu héros en l&apos; espace de quelques années , est source de fascination pour son peuple , la région et le monde , d&apos; autant plus que ses intentions ultimes resteront sujettes à des discussions sans fin chez les historiens de demain et les politiciens qui se réclament de ses fidèles héritiers aujourd&apos; hui .
sharon &apos;s transformation from villain to hero within the space of a mere few years is a source of fascination for his people , the region , and the world -- all the more so because his ultimate intentions will remain a subject of endless dispute among historians tomorrow and among politicians claiming to be his faithful heirs today .
mr sharon &apos;s transformation , the betrayed in the space of a few years , is a source of fascination for his people , the region and the world , all the more so since his ultimate intentions will continue to be held at the end of tomorrow and the politicians who are calling for their third hans today .
mr sharon &apos;s transformation has become a few years ago , a few years ago , a fascination for his people , the region and the world , all the more so , will continue to hold discussions without an end to the history of tomorrow &apos;s history and politicians who are calling for its third countries today .

