que vaut véritablement notre modèle occidental de développement démocratique ?
what is the western model of democratic development really worth ?
what really does our western model of democratic development mean ?
what is true of our western model of democratic development ?

il ne faut pas suivre la réserve fédérale
don &apos;t follow the fed
we must not follow the federal reserve .
we must not follow the federal reserve .

puis vinrent les années 1990 .
then came the 1990s .
then go back to the 1990s .
then they are driving the 1990s .

les coûts sont relativement modestes .
the costs appear relatively small .
the costs are relatively modest .
the costs are relatively modest .

cinquante pour cent !
fifty percent !
fifty per cent !
fifty per cent !

lorsque nous étions enfants , il était important de maîtriser l&apos; art cruel du
as a child , mastering the cruel art of
when we were children , it was important to control the cruel art of the art .
when we were children , it was important to control the cruel art of the art

heureusement , la grande-bretagne a toujours fait figure d&apos; outsider .
fortunately , britain has always been an outsider .
fortunately , great britain has always been sidelined .
fortunately , britain has always been blamed .

l&apos; union européenne tiendra-t-elle ses promesses envers la turquie ?
will the eu keep faith with turkey ?
will the european union deliver its promises to turkey ?
will the european union make its promises to turkey ?

mais il est dangereux de faire une fixation sur le passé .
but it is dangerous to become obsessed with the past .
but it is dangerous to set out on the past .
but it is dangerous to set up the past .

peut-on dire de blair qu&apos; il soit fédéraliste , alors ?
is blair a federalist , then ?
can blair say that he is federalist , then ?
can it be said that blair is federalist , then ?

en raison de la faiblesse de son économie , la turquie pourrait prétendre à des aides importantes .
because of its weak economy , turkey would be eligible for substantial eu assistance .
as a result of the weakness of its economy , turkey could claim significant aid .
as a result of the weakness of its economy , turkey could claim important aid .

ce qui est suffisant pour faire trembler les prix d&apos; actifs partout dans le monde .
that is enough to shake asset prices worldwide .
what is sufficient in order to clean up the price of active assets throughout the world .
what is sufficient to make the price of active assets throughout the world .

au moyen-orient et en afrique du nord , un quart des jeunes sont sans travail .
and , in the middle east and north africa region , about a quarter of all young people are unemployed .
in the middle east and north africa , a quarter of young people are unemployed .
in the middle east and north africa , a quarter of young people are without work .

nous avons déjà , cependant , reçu un avertissement dans le domaine des changements climatiques .
but in one area , global warming , we have already received an early warning .
however , we have already received a warning in the field of climate change .
however , we have already received a warning in the field of climate change .

tout comme la mauvaise qualité de l&apos; éducation musicale à l&apos; école publique .
so does poor music education in state schools .
just like the poor quality of music education at public school .
as well as the poor quality of education in public school education .

espérons que les économistes d&apos; aujourd&apos; hui tireront aussi la leçon de leurs fantômes indésirables .
let &apos;s hope that today &apos;s economists also learn the lessons of their unwanted ghosts .
let us hope that today &apos;s economists will also learn from their undesirable fanatics .
let us hope that today &apos;s economists will also learn the lesson of their undesirable fanatics .

pire encore , l&apos; humeur des marchés de l&apos; immobilier pourrait-elle mener à une chute des prix ?
worse still , could the mood in housing markets soon lead prices in downward ?
worse still , could the mood of property markets lead to a fall in prices ?
worse still , could the humble of the property markets lead to a fall in prices ?

enfin , la contagion spéculative qui sous-tend toute bulle ne peut être ignorée .
third , and no less important , is the speculative contagion that underlies any bubble .
finally , the speculative containment that underpins all bubble cannot be ignored .
finally , speculative containers , which are behind all bubble , cannot be ignored .

malheureusement , la plupart des bureaucrates méprisent encore les valeurs des droits de l&apos; homme .
sadly , most bureaucrats still look upon human rights values with disdain .
unfortunately , most bureaucrats still lack the values of human rights .
unfortunately , most bureaucrats still ignore the values of human rights .

la menace constante du terrorisme a rendu l&apos; isolation des populations islamistes d&apos; europe encore plus dramatique .
the constant threat of terrorism has made this isolation even more dramatic for the europe &apos;s islamic populations .
the constant threat of terrorism has made the isolation of islamic populations in europe even more dramatic .
the constant threat of terrorism has made the insulation of the islamic populations of europe even more dramatic .

la clé d&apos; une stratégie d&apos; investissements est de parvenir à intéresser les hommes d&apos; affaires locaux à l&apos; économie locale .
the key to investment strategy is to get domestic entrepreneurs excited about the home economy .
the key to a investment strategy is to raise the interest of local politicians in the local economy .
the key to a investment strategy is to take interest in local businessmen in the local economy .

les déclarations du pape sont fréquemment entachées d&apos; une critique de l&apos; individualisme au nom des valeurs collectives .
a critique of individualism in the name of collective values occurs frequently in the pope &apos;s pronouncements .
the statements made by the pope are often led by a criticism of individualism in the name of collective values .
the statements made by the pope are frequently based on a critical criticism of protectionist values in the name of collective values .

l&apos; opinion de l&apos; opposition , que partage l&apos; aile droite du gouvernement bush , est également peu convaincante .
the opposition &apos;s view--shared by rightists in the bush administration--is equally unconvincing .
the opposition &apos;s opinion , which is shared by the right of the bush government , is also unconvincing .
the opinion of the opposition , which shares the right of the bush government , is also unconvincing .

si les raisons données pour déclencher cette guerre n&apos; étaient pas confirmées , les conséquences en seraient graves .
if the arguments for war are not proved , the consequences will be profound .
if the reasons for this war were not confirmed , the consequences would be serious .
if the reasons for this war were not confirmed , the consequences would be serious .

dans ce domaine , bush brille par son absence sans permission ( awol en jargon militaire américain ) .
here bush is conspicuously absent without leave ( awol in military jargon ) .
in this area , bush is tired by his absence without permission ( awol in american military form ) .
in this area , bush is shattered by its absence without permission ( the us military language ) .

la chine fait dix fois la taille du japon , et le japon n&apos; avait pas non plus été très facile à gérer .
china is ten times the size of japan , and japan was not easy to deal with , either .
china is ten times the size of japan , and japan has not been very easy to manage .
china is ten times the size of japan , and japan had not been very easy to manage either .

ce n&apos; est pas là le type de politique monétaire volatile que l&apos; europe veut , ni celui dont elle a besoin .
this is not the type of volatile monetary policy that europe wants or needs .
this is not the kind of soft monetary policy that europe wants , nor does it need .
this is not the type of soft monetary policy that europe wants , nor the one it needs .

ce mécanisme , c&apos; est la tenue d&apos; élections , à organiser au plus vite ( cet été semble le plus réaliste ) .
that mechanism is an election , to be held as soon as possible ( realistically , by this summer ) .
this mechanism is the holding of elections , to organise as soon as possible ( this summer appears to be the most realistic ) .
this mechanism is the holding of elections , to organise as quickly as possible ( this summer seems to be the most realistic ) .

voici , comme l&apos; a écrit un célèbre écrivain , « le second baptême de la pologne » .
here , said a prominent writer , was &quot; poland &apos;s second baptism . &quot;
as a famous writer wrote , &apos; the second called for by poland &apos; .
this is , as a famous letter wrote , &apos; the second name of poland &apos; .

mais les protéines , qui contiennent des milliers d&apos; atomes , étaient bien trop compliquées pour que cette solution fonctionne .
but proteins , which contain thousands of atoms , were far too complicated for this to work .
but proteins , which contain thousands of es , were far too complicated to ensure that this solution works .
but proteins , which contain thousands of atomic es , were far too complicated to ensure that this solution works .

concevoir une telle stratégie de croissance est à la fois plus difficile et plus aisé que la mise en place de politiques néolibérales standardisées .
designing such a growth strategy is both harder and easier than implementing standard neoliberal policies .
drawing up such a growth strategy is both difficult and easier than the introduction of standardised neoliberal policies .
to design such a growth strategy is both more difficult and easier than the creation of neoliberal policies that are standard .

dans certaines régions d&apos; asie du sud , de violents conflits et le pouvoir des intérêts en place ont mis en danger les principes juridiques .
in parts of south asia , violent conflict and the power of vested interests threaten the rule of law .
in certain regions of south asia , violent conflicts and the power of interests in place have put legal principles at risk .
in some regions of south asia , violent conflicts and the power of the interests in place have put the legal principles at risk .

alors la contagion à l&apos; intérieur et à travers les marchés retombera , en faisant retomber les prix pendant des années .
then , contagion within and across markets can work in a downward direction , propelling prices lower for years .
in that case , contagating within the markets and through the markets will fall , falling prices for years .
so the contagate in the internal market and through the markets will come back to the price for years .

mais sur le court terme , la convertibilité complète du compte de capital n&apos; est pas dans l&apos; intérêt de l&apos; inde .
but , in the near term , full capital account convertibility is not in india &apos;s interest .
in the short term , however , the complete converge of capital is not in india &apos;s interests .
in the short term , but in the short term , the complete conversion of capital is not in india &apos;s interest .

remédier aux divisions de la planète exige de renforcer l&apos; autorité de l&apos; onu et de changer de dirigeants aux usa et en angleterre .
healing today &apos;s divided world could start only with fresh political leadership in both the us and uk , and a strong assertion of un authority .
to remedy the divisions of the planet requires a strengthening of the un authority and a change of leadership in the usa and england .
to remedy the divisions of the planet requires the un authority to be strengthened and to change leaders in the usa and england .

en effet , un large front d&apos; opposition multicommunautaire s&apos; est formé à beyrouth pour réclamer le départ de la syrie .
indeed , a broad multi-communal opposition front has formed in beirut to demand syria &apos;s departure .
indeed , a broad front of multicommunity opposition was formed in beiruth to call for syria to start .
indeed , a broad front of multicommunity opposition has been formed in beiruth to call for syria &apos;s starting point .

les déficits publics du japon ont engendré une dette nationale s&apos; élevant à 140 % du pnb annuel sans pour autant produire une résurgence économique .
japan &apos;s public deficits spawned a national debt of 140 % of annual gdp , without producing any economic resurgence .
public deficits in japan have led to a national debt of 140 % of annual gnp without producing an economic resurgence .
japan &apos;s public deficits have resulted in a national debt of 140 % of annual gdp without producing an economic resurgence .

tandis que l&apos; analyse économique peut aider à faire des choix institutionnels , les délibérations publiques et les choix collectifs ont aussi un rôle important à jouer .
while economic analysis can help in making institutional choices , there is also a large role for public deliberation and collective choice .
while economic analysis can help to make institutional choices , public deliberations and collective choices also have an important role to play .
while economic analysis can help to make institutional choices , public deliberations and collective choices also have an important role to play .

les prix de l&apos; immobilier ont fait preuve d&apos; un terrible mouvement ascendant face aux avertissements antérieurs de la fin de la fête .
housing prices have shown tremendous upward momentum in the face of previous warnings that the party is over .
property prices have shown a terrible movement in the face of the previous warnings of the end of the day .
the price of property has shown a terrible movement in the face of previous warnings from the end of the celebration .

cette tentative peut réussir mais la croissance économique nécessite plus que la réanimation temporaire de l&apos; investissement et de l&apos; entrepreunariat .
the job can be done , but economic growth requires more than eliciting a temporary boost in investment and entrepreneurship .
this attempt can succeed , but economic growth requires more than the temporary resurgence of investment and rally .
this attempt can be successful , but economic growth requires more than the temporary regeneration of investment and unfettered investment .

le manque de croissance vigoureuse est d&apos; autant plus déconcertant à la lumière des nombreux avantages et réussites sociales de l&apos; amérique latine .
the lack of vigorous growth is all the more bewildering in view of latin america &apos;s many advantages and social successes .
the lack of strong growth is all the more concerted in the light of the many benefits and social successes of latin america .
the lack of strong growth is all the more concerted in the light of the many advantages and social achievements of latin america .

ce fut la source d&apos; importants profits inattendus pour les propriétaires mais aussi source de problème pour toute personne se préparant à acquérir un bien immobilier .
this has been a big windfall to homeowners , but has hurt anyone planning to buy .
this was the source of unforeseen profits for owners , but also a source of problems for anyone who is prepared to acquire a well-functioning property .
it was the source of major unexpected profits for owners , but also a source of problem for anyone who is prepared to acquire a property .

encore aujourd&apos; hui , les inégalités de revenus en amérique latine figurent parmi les plus importantes du monde , reflétant les anciens modèles de division ethnique et raciale .
even today , income inequality in latin america is among the highest in the world , reflecting the old patterns of ethnic and racial division .
even today , the inequalities in latin america are among the most important in the world , reflected the old models of ethnic and racial division .
yet again today , the inequalities of income in latin america are among the most important in the world , reflecting the old models of ethnic and racial division .

les démocraties contemporaines sont-elles suffisamment vertueuses pour rassembler les énergies - y compris celle du sacrifice de soi - nécessaires à la défaite de leurs ennemis ?
are today &apos;s democracies virtuous enough to rally the energies - including self-sacrifice - needed to defeat their enemies ?
are contemporary democracies sufficiently virtuous to bring together energy - including that of the sacrifice of itself - necessary for the defeat of their enemies ?
are the contemporary democracies in order to bring together energy - including the sacrifice of itself - necessary to defeat their enemies ?

les retraités constituent l&apos; un des groupes de pression les plus puissants dans une démocratie et les politiciens sont peu disposés à les affronter sur une question si essentielle .
pensioners are among the most powerful lobbies in a democracy , and politicians are loath to confront them on so fundamental an issue .
pensioners are one of the most powerful pressure groups in a democracy and politicians are not prepared to deal with them on such an essential issue .
pensioners are one of the most powerful pressure groups in a democracy and politicians are not prepared to deal with them on such an important issue .

ils semblent moins préoccupés par les libertés politiques que par la protection sociale : retraites , violences familiales , droits de l&apos; enfant ou brutalités policières .
russians seem to care less about political freedom than they do about social welfare - pensions , domestic violence , children &apos;s rights , or police brutality .
they seem less concerned about political freedoms than about social protection : pensions , family violence , children &apos;s rights or police brutality .
they seem less concerned about political freedoms than about social protection : pensions , family violence , the rights of the child or brutal police .

c&apos; en est une autre quand le projet européen signifie que les travailleurs français devront affronter la concurrence des plombiers polonais , des fermiers roumains et des vendeurs turcs .
it is another when the european project means that french workers face competition from polish plumbers , romanian farmers , and turkish shop clerks .
this is another when the european project means that french workers will have to face up to the competition of polish plugs , romanian farmers and turkish sellers .
it is another case when the european project means that french workers will have to compete with polish plug , romanian farmers and turkish sellers .

toute procrastination prolongée sur la normalisation des taux directeurs de la part de la bce pourrait très bien mener à une méchante crise inflationniste .
further procrastination on interest-rate normalization by the ecb could well lead to a nasty bout of inflation .
any extended reproductive reassurance on the standardisation of directors from the ecb could well lead to a inflationary crisis .
any extension of the extension to the standardisation of the directors of the ecb could very well lead to a changing crisis .

en effet , les années 1990 , malgré un rendement global en hausse , ont connu une importante déflation qui implique que le rendement potentiel global de l&apos; inde se développe .
indeed , throughout the 1990s , despite rising output , deflation occurred , which means that india &apos;s potential output is expanding .
indeed , in the 1990s , despite an overall increase in efficiency , there has been an important deflation , which means that india &apos;s overall potential performance is developing .
in fact , the 1990s , despite a global increase in efficiency , have experienced an important deflation which means that india &apos;s overall potential is developing .

l&apos; adoption de l&apos; euro leur permettrait très facilement d&apos; échapper à de tels risques et de centrer leurs efforts sur la création d&apos; une croissance réelle pour leurs économies .
adopting the euro would give them a great way to escape such risks and focus on creating real growth in their economies .
the adoption of the euro would make it very easy for them to escape such risks and focus their efforts on creating real growth for their economies .
the adoption of the euro would make it very easy for them to escape from such risks and to focus their efforts on creating real growth for their economies .

en pratique , d&apos; énormes sommes d&apos; argent ont été attribuées soit aux gros producteurs agricoles , soit aux pays membres les plus pauvres comme la grèce et le portugal .
in practice , this has meant large flows of money either to big agricultural producers , like france , or to poorer member states , like greece and portugal .
in practice , huge sums of money have been allocated either to large agricultural producers or to the poorest member states such as greece and portugal .
in practice , huge sums of money have been allocated either to the large agricultural producers , or to the poorest member states such as greece and portugal .

on peut remédier aux bas rendements agricoles grâce à des graines améliorées , spécialement adaptées aux conditions africaines , associées à des technologies visant à enrichir le sol et à gérer l&apos; eau .
low farm yields can be addressed through improved seed varieties specially adapted for african conditions , combined with technologies for replenishing soil and managing water .
we can remedy the low agricultural yields thanks to improved grains , particularly adapted to african conditions , associated with technologies to enrich soil and manage water .
it is possible to remedy the low agricultural levels thanks to improved fats , particularly adapted to the african conditions , associated with technologies to enrich soil and manage water .

bien sûr , les pays riches possèdent certains avantages : ils jouissent généralement de climats modérés où les pluies sont régulières et présentent généralement peu de risque de sécheresse ou d&apos; inondation .
granted , rich countries have a certain advantage : they benefit from generally moderate climates , with regular rainfall and relatively low risks of drought and flooding .
of course , the rich countries have certain advantages : they usually enjoy moderates where rain are regular and often pose little risk of drought or floods .
of course , the rich countries have some advantages : they generally enjoy moderate alternatives where rainies are regular and often pose little risk of drought or floods .

l&apos; europe et le reste du monde devront faire leur part de travail : respecter ces principes eux-mêmes et se pousser les uns les autres , et l&apos; amérique , dans la bonne direction .
europe and the rest of the world will have to do their part--abiding by these principles themselves , and giving each other , and america , a shove in the right direction .
europe and the rest of the world will have to do their job : respect these principles themselves and push each other , and america , in the right direction .
europe and the rest of the world will have to do their job : to respect these principles themselves and to push each other , and america , in the right direction .

pourquoi les entreprises dans ces pays se plaignent-elles souvent d&apos; un manque de main d&apos; œuvre qualifiée alors que tant d&apos; étudiants se retrouvent au chômage à la sortie de l&apos; université ?
why do businesses in these countries complain of a lack of skilled workers when so many university students are jobless ?
why are companies in these countries often complaining about a lack of qualified workforce when so many students find themselves unemployed from the university ?
why are companies in these countries often complaining about a lack of qualified labour while so many students are unemployed at the end of the university ?

les conséquences politiques sont encore renforcées par le fait que , il y a trente ans , les etats-unis et l&apos; union soviétique ont renoncé à une défense effective contre les missiles nucléaires stratégiques .
inflating this political damage is the fact that , thirty years ago , the us and the then soviet union renounced effective defense against strategic nuclear missiles .
the political consequences are still strengthened by the fact that , thirty years ago , the united states and the soviet union abandoned effective defence against strategic nuclear missiles .
the political consequences are still strengthened by the fact that , thirty years ago , the united states and the soviet union gave up to effective defence against strategic nuclear plant .

cela résultat dans la création du système bretton-wood , où les taux de change sont fixes mais modulables , qui devint au fil des ans le système flottant des années 1980 .
the result was the fixed-but-adjustable exchange rate system of bretton woods , which over time mutated into the floating-rate system of the 1980s .
this result in the creation of the breftt system , where exchange rates are fixed , but it can be made clear , which , over the years , has been going on for so many years in the 1980s .
this will result in the creation of the brewwood system , where exchange rates are fixed but mood , which has taken over the years the water system of the 1980s .

certains de ces changements sont importants mais les pays riches sortent parfois de leur rôle en se concentrant sur tout , sauf sur la manière de financer et d&apos; introduire des technologies pratiques pour résoudre des problèmes pratiques .
some of these changes are important , but the role of the rich countries has been lopsided , focusing on everything except how to finance and introduce practical technologies to solve practical problems .
some of these changes are important , but the rich countries sometimes emerge from their role by focusing on everything , except on how to finance and introduce practical technologies to resolve practical problems .
some of these changes are important , but the rich countries sometimes come out of their role by focusing on everything , except on how to finance and introduce practical technologies to solve practical problems .

depuis un large consensus s&apos; est établi aux états-unis sur les cycles de dépression économique qui nécessitent l&apos; utilisation des déficits budgétaires pour soulager les souffrances , stimuler la demande générale et précipiter la reprise .
since then the broad consensus in the us has been that cyclical economic distress requires the use of budget deficits to ameliorate suffering , stimulate aggregate demand , and hasten recovery .
since a broad consensus has been reached in the united states on the economic pressure cycles that require the use of budgetary deficits to relieve suffering , stimulate general demand and hasty recovery .
since a broad consensus has been established in the united states on economic depressure cycles which require the use of budget deficits to ease the suffering , stimulate the general demand and speed up the recovery .

la deuxième inquiétude porte sur le fait que tandis que l&apos; otan et l&apos; union européenne s&apos; agrandissent , ces débats déplaisants risquent de contaminer les relations au sein des organismes internationaux .
the second worry is that , as nato and the eu expand , these ugly debates will infect relations within these international bodies .
the second concern relates to the fact that , while nato and the european union are spreading , these unpleasant debates are in danger of contaminated relations within international bodies .
the second concern concerns the fact that , while nato and the european union are ranking up , these unpleasant debates are likely to contaminated relations within international bodies .

c&apos; est un conservateur amoureux de la liberté et un défenseur de la paix qui condamne l&apos; injustice , mais qui nous rappelle que la clémence est plus importante que la justice .
he is a conservative who loves freedom and a &quot; peacemonger &quot; who condemns injustice , but who reminds us that mercy is more important than justice .
it is a conservative of freedom and a defender of peace that condemns injustice , but which reminds us that clemency is more important than justice .
it is a conservative conservative of freedom and a defender of peace which condemns injustice , but which reminds us that clout is more important than justice .

la ligue n&apos; était tout simplement pas prête à faire face à l&apos; italie en abyssinie , et encore moins , si elle avait survécu à cette débâcle , à lutter contre l&apos; allemagne nazie .
the league was simply not up to confronting italy in abyssinia , much less ( had it survived that debacle ) taking on nazi germany .
the league was simply not ready to cope with italy in abyssinia , and even less , if it had survived this debatable , to combat nazi germany .
the league was simply not prepared to deal with italy in abyssinia , and even less , if it had experienced this inwardly , to combat nazi germany .

le quatrième choc a pris la forme de l&apos; élargissement à l&apos; est de l&apos; ue , qui a provoqué des opportunités extraordinaires de commerce et d&apos; investissement , mais également le déferlement de main d&apos; œuvre à bas prix .
the fourth shock was eastern eu enlargement , which has brought extraordinary chances for trade and investment in the east , but has also brought massive low-wage competition .
the fourth shock has taken the form of enlargement to the east of the eu , which has led to extraordinary opportunities for trade and investment , but also at low price levels of labour .
the fourth shock has taken the form of enlargement to the east of the eu , which has led to extraordinary opportunities for trade and investment , but also to the drop in labour at low prices .

grâce aux économies d&apos; échelle rendues possibles par le marché commun , nokia a pu exploiter pleinement ses inventions , alors que l&apos; allemand siemens a dû récemment décider d&apos; abandonner le marché des téléphones portables .
due to the economies of scale that the common market made possible , nokia was able to exploit its inventions fully , while germany &apos;s siemens recently decided to give up on the mobile phone market .
thanks to the possible economies of scale made by the common market , nokia was able to exploit its inventions fully , while the german siemens recently had to decide to abandon the mobile phones market .
thanks to the economies of scale made possible by the common market , nokia was able to fully exploit its inventions , while the german siemens recently had to decide to abandon the mobile phones market .

notre objectif premier doit être de créer un monde dans lequel les gouvernements , les organisations et les peuples accepteront des arrangements qui leur permettront de réaliser leurs intérêts partagés et qui refléteront des valeurs universelles fondamentales .
our over ? riding goal should be to create a world in which governments , organizations , and peoples embrace arrangements that allow them to realize their shared interests and that reflect fundamental universal values .
our primary objective must be to create a world in which governments , organisations and peoples will accept arrangements that will enable them to achieve their shared interests and reflect fundamental universal values .
our first objective must be to create a world in which governments , organisations and peoples will accept arrangements that will enable them to achieve their shared interests and reflect fundamental universal values .

sous une direction efficace ( qui semble malheureusement faire défaut ) , les épreuves plus tempérées d&apos; aujourd&apos; hui pourraient permettre de conduire une discussion publique sur les méthodes les plus appropriées de partage des risques inter générations .
with proper leadership ( which unfortunately seems in short supply ) , today &apos;s milder hardships could provide an opportunity for public discussion of better ways of intergenerational risk sharing .
under an effective leadership ( which unfortunately appears to be lacking ) , today &apos;s more tempting evidence could lead to a public debate on the most appropriate methods of sharing the risks of generations .
in an effective direction ( which , unfortunately , seems to be lacking ) , the more tempting evidence of today could lead to a public discussion on the most appropriate methods of sharing the risks of generations .

avec la volonté politique , des mesures reposant sur les efforts des jeunes eux-mêmes pour accroître leurs chances de réussite et leurs compétences , et l&apos; offre d&apos; une deuxième chance à ceux qui en ont besoin , ces pays pourraient tirer le maximum de leur avantage démographique .
focusing political will and the efforts of young people themselves to expand opportunities , enhance capabilities , and provide second chances can help countries make the most of today &apos;s demographic advantage .
with the political will , measures based on the efforts of young people themselves to increase their chances of success and skills , and the offer of a second chance to those who need it , these countries could draw the maximum of their demographic advantage .
with the political will , measures based on the efforts of young people themselves to increase their chances of success and skills , and the offer of a second chance to those who need it , these countries could take the maximum advantage of their demographic advantage .

tandis que les mécanismes réglementaires de kyoto et du système européen d&apos; émission négociable ( european trading scheme ) ont contribué à la création d&apos; un marché émergent pour le commerce du carbone , les parties intéressées sont désormais inquiètes pour le futur immédiat .
while the regulatory mechanisms of both kyoto and the european trading scheme have contributed to the establishment of an emerging market for carbon trading , interested parties are now concerned about the immediate future .
while the regulatory mechanisms for kyoto and the european negotiable emission system ( european union ) have contributed to the creation of a market emerging for carbon trade , the interested parties are now worried about the immediate future .
while the kyoto regulatory mechanisms and the european negotiating system ( european year ) have contributed to the creation of a market emerging for carbon trade , the interested parties are now concerned about the immediate future .

remplacer un gouverneur qu&apos; ils avaient réélu à peine un an plus tôt par arnold schwarzenegger doit avoir apporté aux électeurs californiens un énorme plaisir , bien que teinté de culpabilité .
replacing a governor whom they re-elected only a year before with arnold schwarzenegger must have given californian voters an enormous--if guilty--pleasure .
to replace a governor who had just been elected a year earlier by arnold schwarzenegger has to have brought to the fornians a great pleasure , even though they have been accused of guilt .
replacing a governor that they had been elected only a year earlier by arnose schwarzenegger , must have given the cuban voters a huge pleasure , even though there is a lack of guilt .

une approche « de retour aux sources » est essentielle dans trois domaines interdépendants au sein desquelles les gouvernements nationaux doivent reprendre la direction : la réduction de la corruption , le renforcement des droits de propriété et l&apos; application cohérente des principes juridiques .
a &quot; back to basics &quot; approach is vital in three inter-linked areas , in which national governments must take the lead : minimizing corruption , enforcing property rights , and consistent application of the rule of law .
a &apos; return approach to sources &apos; is essential in three interdependent areas where national governments must take the lead : the reduction of corruption , the strengthening of property rights and the consistent application of legal principles .
a &apos; return approach to sources &apos; is essential in three interdependent areas where national governments must take up the direction : the reduction of corruption , the strengthening of property rights and the consistent application of legal principles .

michael tilson thomas à san francisco , par exemple , a combiné collecte de fonds efficace et direction artistique pour propulser le san francisco symphony au sommet des orchestres nord-américains .
michael tilson thomas in san francisco , for example , has combined effective fundraising and artistic leadership to propel the san francisco symphony to the top rank of us orchestras .
for example , a combined collection of efficient and artistic funds has been combined in san francico , for example , with a view to extending aung san francico phalia to the summit of the north american orchesters .
for example , the group of the european people &apos;s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , has combined the collection of effective and artistic funds in order to prop san franco phet the summit of the north american orchesters .

il est fort probable que l&apos; audace politique manifestée par l&apos; inde dans sa recherche de la paix avec le pakistan afin de mettre fin à leur affrontement nébuleux d&apos; un demi-siècle pour la conquête du cachemire soit égalée par des initiatives économiques tout aussi hardies .
india &apos;s political boldness in seeking peace with pakistan in their half-century twilight struggle for kashmir may soon be matched by economic moves equally as daring .
it is very likely that india &apos;s political courage in its search for peace with pakistan in order to put an end to their degressivity of half a century for the end of kashmir to be squeezed by economic initiatives that are equally harmed .
it is very likely that the political courage shown by india in its search for peace with pakistan in order to put an end to their veritable conflict of half a century for the achievement of kashmir is equal by economic initiatives that are just as harming .

en effet , la région n&apos; est pas pauvre selon les critères internationaux , mais plutôt bloquée dans la plage de revenus moyens , entre les pays les plus pauvres du monde et les pays à revenus élevés d&apos; amérique du nord , d&apos; europe et d&apos; asie de l&apos; est .
indeed , the region is not poor by international standards , but rather stuck in the middle-income range between the world &apos;s poorest places and the high-income countries of north america , europe , and east asia .
indeed , the region is not poor in terms of international criteria , but rather blocked in terms of income , between the poorest countries in the world and the countries with high income from north america , from europe and from east asia .
indeed , the region is not poor according to the international criteria , but rather blocked in the plying of resources , between the poorest countries in the world and the countries with high income from north america , europe and asia in eastern europe .

une politique d&apos; investissement dans l&apos; eau qui réduit la vulnérabilité des pauvres et offre un accès de base à l&apos; eau pour tous requiert une gestion personnalisée et un partenariat spécifique entre les pays donateurs , les gouvernements des pays en développement , le secteur privé et les communautés locales .
a water investment policy that reduces the vulnerability of the poor and offers basic water security for all will require customized planning and an effective partnership of donor countries , developing country governments , the private sector , and local communities .
a policy of investment in water that reduces the vulnerability of the poor and offers basic access to water for all requires a personal management and a specific partnership between donor countries , the governments of developing countries , the private sector and local communities .
a policy of investment in water which reduces the vulnerability of poor people and offers basic access to water for all requires a specific management and partnership between donor countries , governments in developing countries , the private sector and local communities .

en effet , par principe , il est impossible de comprendre pourquoi la politique monétaire et la politique fiscale doivent être considérées de manière si différente , l&apos; une étant entièrement déléguée à une agence bureaucrate et l&apos; autre étant complètement discrétionnaire et laissée aux mains des politiciens .
indeed , as a matter of principle , it is not clear why monetary policy and fiscal policy should be treated so differently , with one completely delegated to a bureaucratic agency and the other completely discretionary and in the hand of politicians .
indeed , in principle , it is impossible to understand why monetary policy and fiscal policy must be considered in such a different way , with a full delegate to a bureaucrat agency and the other being completely discredited and left to politicians .
in fact , in principle , it is impossible to understand why monetary policy and fiscal policy must be considered in such a different way , one being fully delegated to a bureaucrat agency and the other being completely discredited and left in the hands of politicians .

ce qui s&apos; est produit , ou plutôt ce qui ne s&apos; est pas produit , est admirable : pratiquement aucun effort n&apos; a été entrepris pour museler les critiques à l&apos; encontre du gouvernement , comme c&apos; est le cas en chine et dans plusieurs pays dictatoriaux .
part of what happened--or , rather what didn &apos;t happen--is admirable : almost no effort was made to muzzle criticism of the government , as happens in china and scores of dictatorial countries .
what has happened , or rather what has not happened , is remarkable : almost no effort has been made to freeze the criticism of the government , as is the case in china and several dictatorial countries .
what happened , or rather what has not happened , is remarkable : practically no effort has been made to muster criticism against the government , as is the case in china and in a number of dictatorial countries .

meciar a alors bondi , dénonçant la « menace hongroise » , annulant d&apos; un seul coup quatre années de travail acharné avec le gouvernement actuel de slovaquie pour intégrer des représentants des minorités ethniques hongroises dans le gouvernement de slovaquie .
so meciar pounced , denouncing the &quot; hungarian menace , &quot; undoing in a stroke four years of hard work by slovakia &apos;s current government to integrate representatives of the ethnic hungarian minority into slovakia &apos;s government .
at that time , mr meciar , denounce the &apos; hungarian threat &apos; , cancelled four years of hard work with the current government of slovakia to integrate representatives of hungarian ethnic minorities into the government of slovakia .
at that time , mr meciar , who denounced the &apos; hungarian threat &apos; , cancelled by just four years of hard work with the current government of slovakia to integrate representatives of hungarian ethnic minorities into the government of slovakia .

les politiques macroéconomiques , la mondialisation financière et l&apos; évolution des institutions du marché du travail ont exacerbé les inégalités ces dernières années , non seulement au niveau des revenus et des richesses , mais aussi au niveau de l&apos; accès à l&apos; éducation , à la santé , à la protection sociale , aussi bien qu&apos; en matière de participation politique et d&apos; influence .
macroeconomic policies , financial globalization , and changes in labor market institutions have exacerbated inequality in recent decades , not only in income and wealth , but also in access to education , healthcare , social protection , as well as in political participation and influence .
macroeconomic policies , financial globalisation and the development of labour market institutions have exacerbated the inequalities in recent years , not only in income and wealth , but also in terms of access to education , health , social protection , as well as in terms of political participation and influence .
macroeconomic policies , financial globalisation and the development of the labour market institutions have exacerbated inequalities in recent years , not only in terms of income and wealth , but also in terms of access to education , health , social protection , as well as in terms of political participation and influence .

confronté au problème d&apos; amener des changements positifs dans un environnement national ou international qui semble défier le pouvoir des leaders « ordinaires » , on se tourne alors vers de nouveaux alexandre pour dénouer le « n ? ud gordien » et transcender la complexité par la simple force de la volonté et du dynamisme .
confronted with the problem of bringing about positive changes in a domestic or international environment that seems to defy the power of &quot; normal &quot; leaders , one looks for new alexanders to untie the &quot; gordian knot &quot; and transcend complexity by sheer force of will and dynamism .
faced with the problem of bringing about positive changes in a national or international environment , which seems to undermine the power of the &apos; ordinary &apos; leaders , we are then looking to new alexander in order to deestablish &apos; ugordien &apos; and to see the complexity of the simple force of the will and dynamism .
the problem of bringing about positive changes in a national or international environment , which seems to have the power of ‘ ordinary leaders ’ , then we are moving towards new alexander in order to disrupt it &apos; udiudien &apos; and to overcome the complexity of the simple force of the will and dynamism .

le début de son mandat ne coïncide pas seulement avec un des plus dangereux épisodes de la péninsule coréenne depuis des décennies , mais sa présidence sera aussi le témoin d&apos; une mise à l&apos; épreuve des relations entre les etats-unis et la corée du sud à un degré jamais atteint par le passé .
the beginning of his term not only coincides with one of the most dangerous episodes on the korean peninsula in decades , but his presidency will also test south korea &apos;s relations with the us to a degree that has not been seen for many years .
the start of its mandate does not only coincide with one of the most dangerous episles of the korean peninsula for decades , but its presidency will also witness a test of relations between the united states and south korea in the past .
the beginning of his term of office has not only changed with one of the most dangerous episals of the korean peninsula for decades , but its presidency will also be seen as a test of the test of relations between the united states and south korea at a level that has never been achieved in the past .

la propagande , les images d&apos; irakiens acclamant les troupes us et britanniques et l&apos; étonnement devant la précision des bombes intelligentes ne doivent pas masquer une terrible vérité : bush et blair ont rompu la paix et organisé des massacres prémédités contre l&apos; immense majorité de l&apos; opinion mondiale .
propaganda , streets lined with cheering iraqis , amazement over the prowess of us smart bombs , would not distract us from an awful truth-that bush and blair shattered world peace , engaged in massive premeditated killing , and did so against overwhelming global opinion .
the pictures of iraqis , the pictures of iraqis , the pictures of iraqis accruing the british and british troops and the astonishment before the accuracy of intelligent bombs must not conceal a terrible truth : bush and blair have broken peace and organised massacres against the huge majority of world opinion .
the propaganda , the images of iraqis , the iraqi troops and british troops and the surprise to the clarification of smart bombs must not hide a terrible truth : bush and blair have broken peace and organised prejudices against the huge majority of world opinion .

la commission européenne estime que le déficit du gouvernement français atteindra 3,7 % du pnb cette année , contre 3,4 % pour l&apos; allemagne ; ces chiffres vont bien au-delà du plafond du déficit ( 3 % du pnb ) défini par le pacte de stabilité et de croissance de la zone euro .
the european commission predicts that the french government deficit will reach 3.7 % of gdp this year , with germany &apos;s widening to 3.4 % --both figures well beyond the deficit cap ( 3 % of gdp ) set by the euro-zone &apos;s stability and growth pact .
the european commission believes that the deficit of the french government will reach 3.7 % of gnp this year , compared with 3.4 % for germany ; these figures go far beyond the deficit ceiling ( 3 % of gnp ) defined by the stability and growth pact of the euro area .
the european commission believes that the french government deficit will reach 3.7 % of gdp this year , against 3.4 % for germany ; these figures go far beyond the deficit ceiling ( 3 % of gnp ) defined by the stability and growth pact in the euro area .

ces sentiments formeront en partie le test de la diplomatie qui donnera ses formes à la présidence de roh dès ses débuts , puisqu&apos; il doit repenser les relations entre la corée et les etats-unis au moment même où le gouvernement bush s&apos; agite au sujet des ambitions nucléaires de la corée du nord et sur son rôle dans la diffusion des armes de destruction massive au sein des etats voyous .
these sentiments will form part of the diplomatic test shaping roh &apos;s presidency from the start , for he must re-engineer relations with america at the same time that the bush administration is fretting about north korea &apos;s nuclear ambitions and its role in spreading weapons of mass destruction to rogue states .
these feelings will form part of the diplomacy test that will give its forms to the presidency from the rots , since it must reconsider relations between korea and the united states at the same time as the bush government is acting on the nuclear ambitions of north korea and on its role in the dissemination of weapons of mass destruction in the states , since it must reconsider relations between korea and the united states at a time when the bush government is acting on the nuclear ambitions of north korea and its role in the spread of weapons of mass destruction in the states .
these feelings will form part of the test of diplomacy , which will give the presidency of roh as early as its presidency , since it must rethink relations between korea and the united states at a time when the bush government is dealing with the nuclear ambitions of north korea and its role in the dissemination of weapons of mass destruction within the states .

