le venezuela est paralysé dans une impasse dangereuse .
venezuela is mired in a dangerous stalemate .
venezuela is paralysed in a dangerous stalemate .
venezuela is paralysed in a dangerous deadlock .

c&apos; est une tâche bien plus difficile !
this is far more difficult !
that is a much more difficult task !
this is a much more difficult task !

personne n&apos; en a vraiment envie .
no one wants this .
nobody really wants that .
nobody really wants that .

ils ont cité quatre arguments :
bush and blair made four claims :
they mentioned four arguments :
they mentioned four arguments :

l&apos; autre europe centrale
the other central europe
another central europe
another central europe is the other central europe .

les notices imprimées en lettres minuscules sont inutiles .
package inserts in fine print are useless ;
the notices published in minusles are unnecessary .
there is no need to notify them in minor letters .

les chiffres sont pires pour l&apos; afrique et certaines régions d&apos; asie .
the figures are worse in africa and parts of asia .
the figures are worse for africa and some parts of asia .
the figures are worst for africa and some regions in asia .

tout d&apos; abord , l&apos; incohérence n&apos; est pas un vice .
first , inconsistency is no vice .
first of all , inconsistency is not a breath .
first of all , inconsistency is not a failure .

bien évidemment , la politique comporte également des effets de redistribution .
of course , monetary policy also has redistributive effects .
of course , politics also has the effects of redistribution .
of course , policy also includes the effects of redistribution .

il n&apos; existe aucun moyen unique qui marcherait partout .
no single instrument will work everywhere .
there is no single means that would work everywhere .
there is no single means that would operate everywhere .

les réformes structurelles et les privatisations se sont ralenties , minant la confiance des investisseurs .
structural reform and privatization have slowed , eroding investors &apos; confidence .
structural reforms and privatisation have slowed down , undermining the confidence of investors .
structural reforms and privatisation have slowed down , undermining the confidence of investors .

entre temps , les négociations sur la libéralisation des échanges ont semblé ignorer les tendances historiques .
meanwhile , free-trade negotiations seem to ignore historical trends .
between time and time , negotiations on trade liberalisation seemed to ignore historical trends .
between time , negotiations on the liberalisation of trade seemed to ignore historical trends .

et les coûts budgétaires ne représentent qu&apos; une fraction des coûts de l&apos; économie entière .
and the budgetary costs are but a fraction of the costs to the economy as a whole .
the budget costs and budgetary costs are just one of the costs of the entire economy .
the budget costs and budgetary costs are only a proportion of the costs of the entire economy .

quelques années plus tôt , un tel geste aurait condamné la candidature de roh .
a few years ago this would have doomed roh &apos;s candidacy .
a few years earlier , such a gesture would have condemned the application of roh .
a few years earlier , such a gesture would have condemned the application of roh .

oui , jusqu&apos; à un certain point , c&apos; est le prix du progrès .
yes , to some extent , such is the price of progress .
yes , to a certain extent , it is the price of progress .
yes , until a certain point , it is the price of progress .

un suivi international peut également servir de garde-fou contre l&apos; utilisation frivole de tels mécanismes .
international monitoring can also safeguard against frivolous use of such mechanisms .
international monitoring can also serve as a fox against the use of such mechanisms .
international monitoring can also be used as a safeguards against the friction of such mechanisms .

en grande-bretagne et aux états-unis , ce pari monétariste a connu une fin heureuse .
in britain and the united states , this monetarist bet turned out well .
in britain and the united states , this pari monetarist has been a happy end .
in britain and the united states , this pari monetarist has had a happy end .

en effet , les médias leur accordent une grande attention tout en négligeant leurs collègues plus modestes .
indeed , the media shower lavish attention on over-claimers while neglecting their humbler colleagues .
indeed , the media give them a great deal of attention while ignoring their smaller colleagues .
indeed , the media give them a great deal of attention , while ignoring their fellow members who are more modest .

pour l&apos; instant , l&apos; administration bush attendra les résultats des essais avant de prendre une décision .
for now , the bush administration will await the outcome of tests before deciding .
at the moment , the bush administration will look at the results of the tests before taking a decision .
for the moment , the bush administration will examine the results of the tests before taking a decision .

ce cynisme vis à vis des idéologies engendre les revirements brutaux de l&apos; électorat .
one consequence of this cynical treatment of political ideologies is the wild swings in voters &apos; preferences seen in various central european countries .
this cynicism to ideologies leads to the brutal transfers of the electorate .
this cyaniards of ideologies lead to the gross rendition of the electorate .

ensuite , fait paradoxal , il s&apos; agit de notre critique toujours plus poussée de la politique et des politiciens .
the second , paradoxically , reflects our growing cynicism towards politics and politicians .
secondly , it is paradoxical that we are always more critical of politics and politicians .
secondly , it is paradoxical that we are increasingly critical of politics and politicians .

la guerre n&apos; a pas été justifiée et ne pouvait l&apos; être du fait que saddam hussein est un tyran .
the iraq war was not and could not be justified on the basis that saddam hussein was a tyrant .
the war was not justified and could not be the fact that saddam hussein is a typically .
the war was not justified and could not be the fact that saddam hussein is a tyre .

en fait , pour le régulateur , la pharmacovigilance est le parent pauvre de la protection publique .
indeed , as far as protecting the public is concerned , drug safety is the regulator &apos;s neglected stepchild .
in fact , for the regulator , the vigilance is the poor parent of public protection .
in actual fact , for the regulatory authority , pharmacovigilance is the poor status of public protection .

la seule façon de faire disparaître ces craintes consiste à instaurer un dialogue plus rapproché et plus fréquent .
the only way to arrest such fears is through closer and more frequent dialogue .
the only way to remove these fears is to establish a closer and more frequent dialogue .
the only way to eliminate these fears is to establish a closer and more frequent dialogue .

et lorsqu&apos; ils constatent un comportement ayant des effets secondaires destructeurs , ils aiment le taxer .
and when economists see behavior that has destructive side effects , we like to tax it .
and when they see behaviour with destructive secondary effects , they help tax them .
and when they see behaviour with destructive secondary effects , they help tax it .

les économistes préfèrent débattre des taux d&apos; intérêt ou des statistiques du chômage , des facteurs concrets et susceptibles d&apos; être connus .
economists would rather talk about interest rates or unemployment statistics - factors that are concrete and knowable .
economists prefer to debate interest rates or unemployment statistics , concrete factors and can be known .
economists prefer to debate interest rates or statistics on unemployment , concrete factors and likely to be known .

l&apos; accès à l&apos; éducation pour les filles s&apos; est amélioré et certaines différences dues au fossé entre les sexes ont été réduites .
access to education for girls has improved , and some gender gaps have been reduced .
access to education for girls has improved and some differences caused by the gap between the sexes have been reduced .
access to education for girls has improved and certain differences between the sexes have been reduced .

cette question semble absurde à la lumière des photographies de soldats américains torturant et humiliant leurs prisonniers irakiens .
the question seems absurd in the light of photographs of american soldiers torturing and humiliating iraqi prisoners .
this issue seems absurd in the light of the photographs of american soldiers tortured and humiliating their iraqi prisoners .
this issue seems absurd in the light of the photographs of american soldiers tortured and humiliating their iraqi prisoners .

si le public a des goûts progressistes , argent privé et programmation novatrice sont tout à fait compatibles .
if the audience has progressive tastes , private money and innovative programming are entirely compatible .
if the public has progressive advances , private money and innovative programming are completely compatible .
if the public has progressive gots , private money and innovative programming are entirely compatible .

l&apos; europe et le reste du monde sont conscients de cet échec mais ils ne votent pas lors des élections américaines .
europe and the rest of the world are aware of this ; but they don &apos;t vote in american elections .
europe and the rest of the world are aware of this failure , but they do not vote in the us elections .
europe and the rest of the world are aware of this failure , but they do not vote in the us elections .

de plus , à l&apos; inverse de la dette nationale officielle , les obligations en matière de prestations sociales ne sont pas liées à la devise .
moreover , unlike official national debt , social-welfare obligations are not fixed in currency .
furthermore , unlike official national debt , social security obligations are not linked to the currency .
furthermore , unlike official national debt , social benefits obligations are not linked to the currency .

c&apos; est alors seulement que nous saurons si l&apos; allemagne est capable d&apos; affronter le défi de toynbee qui l&apos; attend .
only then will we know whether germany can meet the toynbeean challenge it is facing .
it is only then that we will know if germany is capable of tackling the challenge of toynbee .
only then will we know whether germany is able to face up to the challenge of toynbee who is waiting for it .

je pourrais y passer tout mon temps , mais la russie compte 89 régions et d&apos; innombrables problèmes de droits de l&apos; homme à résoudre .
indeed , i could spend all my time in chechnya , but russia has 89 regions with countless human rights issues to address .
i could spend my time on it , but russia has 89 regions and countless human rights problems to resolve .
i could go into this at all times , but russia is taking account of 89 regions and countless human rights problems to resolve .

la croissance de la masse monétaire est bien supérieure aux niveaux cible depuis un certain temps , ce qui indique une liquidité excessive .
money-supply growth has been well above target levels for some time now , indicating excess liquidity .
the growth of monetary mass growth has been much higher than the target levels for some time , which indicates excessive liquidity .
the growth of monetary mass has been far higher than the target levels for some time , which indicates excessive liquidity .

ils pouvaient , au mieux , maintenant , cesser de prétendre s&apos; attacher à cette stratégie et poursuivre leurs avancées dans d&apos; autres domaines .
the best that they could do now would be to dump the pretense of a strategy and carry on with the other business .
they could , at best , now be able to stop calling for this strategy and continue their progress in other areas .
they could , at best , be able to stop saying to this strategy and continue their progress in other areas .

son estimation est erronée à ce point car les chiffres annoncés ne comprennent même pas la totalité des coûts budgétaires pour le gouvernement .
its estimate falls so far short because the reported numbers do not even include the full budgetary costs to the government .
its estimate is wrong because the figures announced do not even include all the budgetary costs for the government .
it is wrong in this respect , because the figures announced do not even include all the budgetary costs for the government .

finalement , il s&apos; agit du résultat de notre culture médiatique , obsédée qu&apos; elle est de vouloir mettre un « visage » sur les événements .
and the third is the result of our media culture , obsessed as it is with putting a &quot; face &quot; to events .
finally , this is the result of our media culture , which is obscene that it wants to put a &apos; face &apos; on events .
finally , this is the result of our media culture , which is obviated that it wants to put a &apos; face &apos; on events .

il est clair , cependant , que la pauvreté vient de conditions diverses et complexes , et que son amélioration requiert une approche multidimensionnelle .
clearly , however , poverty arises from various complex conditions , and its amelioration requires a multidimensional approach .
it is clear , however , that poverty comes from different and complex conditions , and that its improvement requires a multifaceted approach .
it is clear , however , that poverty comes from various and complex conditions , and that its improvement requires a multi-scale approach .

d&apos; autres pays peuvent avoir besoin de réservoirs plus profonds , de stations d&apos; épuration plus modernes ou de systèmes de transport de l&apos; eau améliorés .
still others might need deeper reservoirs , more modern filtration plants , or improved water transport schemes .
other countries may need more profound rewards , more modern cleansing plants or improved water transport systems .
other countries can need more extensive charities , more modern segregation stations or improved water transport systems .

si l&apos; union européenne considère que les critères d&apos; adhésion ont été remplis , elle doit entamer des négociations au début de l&apos; année 2005 .
should the eu consider the accession criteria as having been fulfilled , it must decide to open negotiations in early 2005 .
if the european union considers that the accession criteria have been met , it must start negotiations at the beginning of 2005 .
if the european union considers that the accession criteria have been met , it must start negotiations at the beginning of 2005 .

pour les américains , existe en outre la question de savoir quoi faire lorsque le phénomène des big-box stores s&apos; essoufflera .
for americans , there is the additional question of what to do when the big-box store phenomenon has run its course .
in addition , there is the question of what to do when the phenomenon of the big-box is suffering .
in addition , the americans have the question of how to do when the phenomenon of beer is going to suffer .

le paludisme peut se contrôler grâce à de nouvelles moustiquaires à la longue durée de vie et à une nouvelle génération de médicaments efficaces .
malaria can be controlled through newly designed long-lasting mosquito nets and a new generation of effective medicines .
paludism can be monitored through new mushsticks to the long term of life and a new generation of effective medicines .
malaria can be monitored through new mouths for the long term of life and a new generation of effective medicines .

pas plus que les programmes de stabilisation et d&apos; ajustement structurel , imposés depuis les années 1980 , n&apos; ont vraiment rempli leurs promesses de croissance économique plus élevée .
nor have stabilization and structural adjustment programs , imposed since the 1980 &apos;s , delivered on their promise of achieving higher economic growth .
nor has the stabilisation and structural adjustment programmes , which have been imposed since the 1980s , really fulfilled their promises of higher economic growth .
more than the stabilisation and structural adjustment programmes , which have been imposed since the 1980s , have really failed to fulfil their promises of higher economic growth .

une union européenne étendue doit représenter un moyen d&apos; équilibrer la relation asymétrique qui existe entre les petits pays de l&apos; europe de l&apos; est et l&apos; allemagne .
an extended eu should represent a means to balance the asymmetrical relationship between eastern europe &apos;s small countries with germany .
an enlarged european union must be a means of balancing the asymmetrical relationship that exists between the small countries of eastern europe and germany .
a wider european union must represent a means of balancing the asymmetric relationship between the small countries of eastern europe and germany .

etant donné son coût effroyable , j&apos; espère que cette guerre apparaîtra justifiée . mais au vu des éléments connus aujourd&apos; hui , j&apos; en doute .
given the terrible costs , i hope that this war will prove justified , though i have my doubts based on the current evidence .
i hope that this war will be justified , but in the light of the things that are known today , i doubt it .
given its appalling cost , i hope that this war will prove justified , but in view of the well-known elements today , i doubt it .

mais le rôle de la taille du pays est limité dans le processus décisionnel de l&apos; ue , où l&apos; influence politique dépend davantage de la puissance économique .
but the size of a country plays only a limited role in the eu &apos;s decision-making process , because political influence within the union depends more on economic power .
but the role of the country &apos;s size is limited in the eu &apos;s decision-making process , where political influence depends more on economic power .
but the role of the country &apos;s size is limited in the decision-making process of the eu , where political influence depends more on economic power .

les infrastructures peuvent et doivent être développées en parallèle avec de bonnes institutions , bien gérées , dans le respect de l&apos; environnement et avec un partage équitable des coûts et des bénéfices .
water infrastructure can and must be developed in parallel with sound institutions , good governance , great attention to the environment , and an equitable sharing of costs and benefits .
infrastructure can and must be developed in parallel with good institutions , managed well , in respect of the environment and with fair sharing of costs and benefits .
infrastructure can and must be developed in parallel with good institutions , well managed , in respect of the environment and with fair sharing of costs and profits .

dans un seul pays , j&apos; ai discuté avec un dirigeant de l&apos; opposition intégriste islamiste , qui s&apos; était lancé dans une longue guerre civile contre le gouvernement .
in one country , i spoke with a leader of the islamic fundamentalist opposition , which had waged a long civil war against the government .
in a single country , i discussed with a leader of the islamic fundamentalism opposition , who started in a long civil war against the government .
in one country , i have discussed with a leader of the islamist opposition , which started in a long civil war against the government .

s&apos; inspirant de keynes , ils affirment que des déficits ininterrompus restaureront la confiance avant que ne survienne une récession ou une dépression .
following keynes , they argue that running deficits will restore confidence before a recession or depression can take hold .
they say that insect deficits will restore confidence before there is a recession or depression .
they claim that uncorrupt deficits will restore confidence before there is a recession or depressure .

les dirigeants savaient , ou auraient dû savoir , qu&apos; une partie de la totalité des sommes prêtées n&apos; allait pas être attribuée au développement de l&apos; indonésie .
lenders knew , or should have known , that not all of the money was going to help indonesian development .
the leaders knew , or should have known , that part of all the sums paid would not be allocated to the development of indonesia .
the leaders knew , or should have been aware , that part of the total sums of money was not to be allocated to the development of indonesia .

jean-paul ii garde indubitablement ses distances avec les idées économiques libérales et l&apos; état libéral , qu&apos; il taxe souvent de permissivité et de relativisme moral .
john paul ii undoubtedly keeps a distance from liberal economic ideas and the liberal state , which he often charges with permissiveness and moral relativism .
mr john paul ii is undoubtedly keeping his distance from the liberal economic ideas and the liberal state , which he often has a permetal tax and moral accessions .
mr john paul ii undoubtedly maintains his distance with liberal economic ideas and the liberal state , that he often has a tax of percentages and moral play .

l&apos; année suivante , il reçut d&apos; excellents cristaux d&apos; hémoglobine et produisit bientôt les meilleurs schémas de diffraction radiographiques à ce jour .
the next year , he was given excellent hemoglobin crystals and soon produced the best x-ray diffraction patterns to date .
the next year , it is a year when it comes to excellent rates of global hemoine , and soon it produced the best schas of radioactive depletion to date .
the next year , it has been given excellent rates of heel mood and it will soon produce the best schas of radioactive disappearances to date .

non que la fin de l&apos; union monétaire européenne soit décidée , mais c&apos; est simplement que certains ont commencé à envisager un futur sombre où la fin de l&apos; uem serait mise au programme .
it is not that the end of european monetary union is on the agenda ; it is merely that people have begun thinking about possible low-probability futures in which the end of emu might be placed on the agenda .
no , the end of european monetary union is decided , but it is simply that some people have begun to consider a dark future where the end of emu would be put into the programme .
not that the end of the european monetary union is decided , but it is simply that some have begun to look at the future where the end of emu would be put into the programme .

en effet , il serait plutôt difficile de réaliser les dimensions critiques de la politique extérieure américaine ( du commerce à la non prolifération jusqu&apos; aux politiques sur l&apos; environnement ) sans ces intérêts .
indeed , it would be difficult to carry out critical dimensions of us foreign policy-from trade to non ? proliferation to environmental policy-without them .
indeed , it would be rather difficult to achieve the critical dimensions of american external policy ( trade in non-proliferation until environmental policies ) without these interests .
indeed , it would be rather difficult to achieve the critical dimensions of american foreign policy ( trade in non-proliferation to environmental policies ) without these interests .

lorsque les démocraties mûrissent , elles deviennent plus que jamais versées dans la gestion de l&apos; opinion et , dans la plupart des cas , dans le façonnage de l&apos; opinion .
as democracies mature they become ever more practiced at managing opinion , and in many cases , at shaping opinion .
when democracies are tested , they become more than ever paid out in the management of opinion and , in most cases , in the shape of opinion .
when democracies are successful , they become more than ever paid in the management of opinion and , in most cases , in the shape of opinion .

la plus importante des mesures destinées à gagner la confiance , une modification du traité abm dans le but de permettre une défense antimissiles limitée est en train d&apos; être étudiée .
the most important of confidence-building measures , a modification of the abm-treaty to allow for limited missile defense , is being explored .
the most important of the measures to win confidence , a change in the abm treaty with the aim of allowing a limited anti-missile defence is being studied .
the most important thing of the measures to win confidence , an amendment to the abm treaty , with the aim of allowing limited anti-missile defence is being studied .

lorsque les dirigeants des nations les plus riches du monde se rassembleront à evian , en france , une question sans réponse dominera le devant de la scène : que veut l&apos; amérique dans le monde ?
when the leaders of the world &apos;s richest nations gather in evian , france , one unasked question will dominate : what does america want in the world ?
when the leaders of the richest nations in the world come together in evian , in france , a question without reply will dominate before the stage : what does america want in the world ?
when the leaders of the richest nations of the world will come together in evian , in france , a question without a response will dominate at the stage : what does america want in the world ?

pourtant si l&apos; on examine les problèmes économiques de la zone euro aujourd&apos; hui , la menace des taux d&apos; intérêt nominaux élevés à long terme ne fait certainement pas partie des dix principales inquiétudes des investisseurs .
but if you look at the euro zone &apos;s economic problems today , the danger of high long-term nominal interest rates does not even rank among investors &apos; top ten concerns .
however , if we look at the economic problems of the euro area today , the threat of nominal interest rates in the long term is certainly not one of the ten main concerns of investors .
however , if we look at the economic problems of the euro area today , the threat of nominal interest rates in the long term is certainly not part of the ten main concerns of investors .

en effet , le poids économique combiné de tous les pays candidats est bien trop faible -- seulement 6 % du pib de l&apos; ue élargie --pour exercer un quelconque effet sur l&apos; euro .
indeed , the combined size of the candidate countries &apos; economies is so small--around 6 % of the enlarged eu &apos;s gdp--that they cannot possibly exert any significant effect on the euro .
indeed , the combined economic weight of all candidate countries is far too low - only 6 % of the eu &apos;s enlarged gdp - to exercise any effect on the euro .
indeed , the combined economic weight of all candidate countries is far too low - only 6 % of the gdp of the enlarged eu - to exert any effect on the euro .

la seconde tentation est une variante moderne de la politique de la canonnière qui s&apos; attache à la force physique sans considération envers la projection d&apos; une crédibilité et d&apos; une légitimité accrues .
the second temptation is a purely military policy that fixates on physical strength without considering how to project greater credibility and fairness .
the second temptation is a modern variant of the policy of the caning of physical force without taking into account the projection of credibility and increased legitimacy .
the second temptation is a modern variance of the policy of canals , which attaches to physical force without consideration for the projection of credibility and greater legitimacy .

afin de réduire le coup porté à la serbie , il faut que le conseil de sécurité évite d&apos; octroyer l&apos; indépendance de façon si faussée que le nouvel état ne puisse pas réellement fonctionner .
in the interest of reducing the blow to serbia , the security council must avoid granting independence in ways that are so contorted that the new state cannot effectively function .
in order to reduce the blow to serbia , the security council must avoid granting independence in such a way that the new state cannot really function .
in order to reduce the blow to serbia , the security council must avoid giving independence so distorted that the new state cannot actually function .

en outre , il y a de grandes différences en termes de risques , de récompenses et d&apos; impératifs à mesure que l&apos; on escalade la chaîne organisationnelle ou que l&apos; on passe d&apos; une cellule à une autre .
moreover , there are vast differences in terms of risks , rewards , and imperatives as one moves up the organizational chain , or jumps from cell to cell .
in addition , there are major differences in terms of risk , rewards and requirements , as the organisational chain is escalated , or one is going through a cell to another .
in addition , there are major differences in terms of risk , repayment and requirements , as the organisational chain is escalation , or one unit is going on to another .

lorsque l&apos; onu ou d&apos; autres organisations sont réticentes ou impuissantes à s&apos; élever contre des menaces sinistres , l&apos; amérique se réserve le droit d&apos; agir au sein d&apos; alliances moins englobantes ou de coalitions flexibles
when the un or other bodies are unwilling or unable to move against dire threats , america reserves the right to act in less encompassing alliances or flexible ,
when the un or other organisations are reluctant or powerless to raise themselves against threats , america is reserve the right to act within less bandied or flexible distribution or flexibility .
when the un or other organisations are reluctant or powerless to rise against disaster threats , america reserve the right to act within less banknotes or flexible trade in or flexible defence .

tous les pays européens pensaient probablement dès le début que les nouveaux venus non européens seraient assimilés de la même manière que les immigrés polonais furent assimilés dans la ruhr allemande au dix-neuvième siècle .
all european countries probably believed at the outset that non-european newcomers could be assimilated in the same way that polish immigrants were assimilated into germany &apos;s ruhr region in the nineteenth century .
all the european countries probably thought from the beginning that the new non-europeans would be equated in the same way as polish immigrants were included in the german rugia in the ninth century .
all the european countries probably thought at the beginning that the new non-europeans would be equated in the same way as polish immigrants were equated in the german ruin in in the 19th century .

même les citoyens qui prisent l&apos; exactitude n&apos; ont que peu de moyens de savoir qu&apos; ils la sacrifient lorsqu&apos; ils changent de chaîne pour passer des ennuyeux renards aux charismatiques hérissons .
even citizens who prize accuracy have little way of knowing that they are sacrificing it when they switch channels from boring foxes to charismatic hedgehogs .
even the citizens who are behaving the accuracy have little resources to know that they sacrifice it when they change the chain in order to change their eyes to charisms .
even the citizens who ignore the accuracy have little resources to know that they sacrifice it when they change the chain to move into a blind eye to charisma .

imposer une taxe à ceux qui conduisent des 4x4 en ville , par exemple , est une manière d&apos; inciter l&apos; intelligence collective à décider que les effets secondaires néfastes sont une bonne raison pour modifier son comportement .
imposing a tax on those who , say , drive low-mileage suv &apos;s is a way of harnessing humanity &apos;s collective intelligence to decide when bad side effects are a reason to alter behavior .
imposing a tax on those who lead to 4x4 in town , for example , is a way of encouraging collective intelligence to decide that harmful secondary effects are a good reason to change its behaviour .
to impose a tax on those who lead 4x4 in the city , for example , is a way to encourage collective intelligence to decide that the harmful secondary effects are a good reason to change its behaviour .

ils pourraient commencer par considérer l&apos; adoption précoce de l&apos; euro par les pays candidats d&apos; un oeil plus favorable , aussi bien pour les pays disposant d&apos; un système de caisse d&apos; émission que pour ceux utilisant un taux de change flottant .
they can begin by viewing accession countries &apos; early adoption of the euro more <<unk>> ably , both for countries with a currency board and for those with floating exchange rates .
they could begin by considering the early adoption of the euro by the candidate countries of an oeil that is more favourable , both for countries with a system of emissions and for those using a rate of land exchange .
they could begin by considering the early adoption of the euro by the candidate countries of a more favourable one , both for countries with a emissions system and for those using an exchange rate for so many .

ce changement s&apos; est initialement produit hors des institutions internationales établies et du système de l&apos; onu en tirant son origine du groupe français médecins sans frontières qui considérait que les droits de l&apos; homme constituaient une valeur plus importante que la souveraineté nationale .
it arose initially outside established international institutions and the un system , originating with the french group , doctors without borders , which deemed human rights to be a value superior to national sovereignty .
this change was initially produced outside the established international institutions and the un system by drawing up its origin of the french doctors without borders who thought that human rights were a greater value than national sovereignty .
this change was originally produced outside the established international institutions and the un system by drawing its origin of the french group without frontiers which considered that human rights were a greater value than national sovereignty .

les erreurs des pays riches ne porteraient pas à conséquence si les pays africains avaient assez d&apos; argent pour adopter les technologies nécessaires tous seuls , mais l&apos; afrique est si pauvre qu&apos; elle a besoin d&apos; une aide financière pour sortir de la misère .
the rich countries &apos; mistakes wouldn &apos;t matter if african countries had enough money to adopt the needed technologies on their own , but africa is so poor that it must get financial help to escape poverty .
the mistakes of the rich countries would not result if the african countries had enough money to adopt the necessary technologies alone , but africa is so poor that it needs financial aid to get out of poverty .
the mistakes of the rich countries would not lead to a consequence if the african countries had enough money to adopt the necessary technologies alone , but africa is so poor that it needs financial aid to get out of poverty .

mais , finalement , il a décidé d&apos; interrompre ses vacances pour offrir des aides dont le montant n&apos; a cessé d&apos; être révisé à la hausse dans une compétition internationale qui promettait de profiter à ceux qui attendaient désespérément d&apos; être aidés .
but , in the end , he decided to interrupt his vacation and offer amounts of aid that were successively revised upwards , in a global competition which promised to benefit those who were desperate for help .
but , finally , he decided to interrupt his holiday to provide aid which has ceased to be revised in international competition that promised to benefit those who desperately expected to be helped .
in the end , however , it decided to interrupt its holiday to provide aid , which has ceased to be revised in an international competition which is promising to take advantage of those who were desperately waiting to be helped .

si une si grande partie de la productivité américaine se réduit vraiment à laisser wal-mart et ses cousins les supermarchés poursuivre leur expansion démente , que se passera-t-il lorsque cette source de croissance s&apos; épuisera ?
if so much of the us productivity edge really amounts to letting wal-mart and its big-box cousins run amok , what will happen after this source of growth tapers off ?
if such a large proportion of american productivity is really reduced to leaving wal-mart and its supermarkets continue to grow their dementia , what will happen when this source of growth is going to be exhausted ?
if so many of us productivity is actually reduced to leaving wat al-mart and its supermarkets continue to grow their deprived expansion , what will happen when this source of growth is exhausted ?

depuis la fin 2002 , schrã <unk> der et le spd se sont trouvã <unk> s confrontã <unk> s ã des taux d&apos; approbation des ã <unk> lecteurs inhabituellement bas et cette situation n&apos; est pas prã<unk> te de changer de sitã ´ t .
since the end of 2002 , schröder and the spd have been facing unusually low public approval ratings - and this pattern is not likely to change soon .
since the end of 2002 , schrdder and the spd has been bending up with the containment of the rates of approval of the readers that are usually low and this situation is not taken as a pretext for changing the plant .
since the end of 2002 , schrrder has been going through and the spd have been going to deal with a similar approach to the approval rates that have already been adopted by the unusually low readers , and this situation is not a question of changing the need for a change in order to change the outcome .

la résurgence d&apos; une inflation considérable peut sembler impensable dans l&apos; environnement actuel , mais n&apos; oubliez pas que même un taux d&apos; inflation annuel de 6 % relativement modeste diminue la valeur réelle de la dette d&apos; une nation en un peu plus de 6 ans et demi .
a resurgence of substantial inflation may seem unthinkable in today &apos;s environment , but remember that even a relatively modest 6 % annual inflation rate cuts the real value of a nation &apos;s debt in half in just 11 years .
the resurgence of considerable inflation may seem unthinkable in the current environment , but do not forget that even an annual inflation rate of 6 % is relatively modest in reducing the real value of a nation &apos;s debt in a little more than 6 and a half years .
the resurgence of considerable inflation may seem unthinkable in the current environment , but do not forget that even an annual rate of inflation of 6 % relatively modest is reducing the real value of the debt of a nation in a little more than 6 and a half years .

l&apos; administration bush a , par exemple , fait tout ce qu&apos; elle pouvait pour cacher le grand nombre de vétérans qui sont revenus gravement blessés : 16 000 pour l&apos; instant , dont plus ou moins 20 % souffrant de graves blessures au cerveau et à la tête .
for example , the bush administration has been doing everything it can to hide the huge number of returning veterans who are severely wounded -- 16,000 so far , including roughly 20 % with serious brain and head injuries .
for example , the bush administration has done everything it can to conceal the large number of young people who are seriously injured : 16 000 at the moment , more or less 20 % of serious injuries to the brain and head .
for example , the bush administration has done everything it can to hide the large number of people who are seriously injured : 16 000 for the moment , more or less than 20 % of serious injuries to the brain and head .

le rôle du secteur privé dans la prise de décision doit lui aussi souvent être clarifié : là où les entreprises sont trop influentes par rapport aux gouvernements , leurs besoins d&apos; opérer de manière profitable peut les entraîner vers des politiques favorisant les élites plutôt que les masses .
the private sector &apos;s role in decision-making , too , often needs to be clarified--where businesses have too much influence over government , their need to operate profitable may lead to policies that favor the few over the many .
the role of the private sector in decision-making must also often be clarified : where companies are too influential in relation to governments , their needs to operate effectively can lead them to policies that promote elites rather than the people .
the role of the private sector in decision-making must also often be clarified : where companies are too influence in relation to governments , their needs to operate in a profitable way can lead them to policies that promote elites rather than the tides .

autre exemple : en république dominicaine , le taux d&apos; inscription dans les lycées a augmenté quand les collégiens ont été informés du montant des salaires de ceux qui étaient arrivés au bout de leurs études secondaires , un montant qu&apos; ils avaient largement sous-estimé .
similarly , the rate at which eighth graders from the dominican republic entered upper secondary levels increased when they were simply told how much more those who finished high school earned -- an amount they had vastly underestimated .
another example is that , in the dominican republic , the rate of inclusion in the lysters increased when the members of this house were informed of the amount of wages of those who ended up with their secondary studies , a amount that they had largely underestimated .
another example is that , in the dominican republic , the rate of registration in libya has increased when the commissioners have been informed of the amount of wages of those who were at the end of their secondary studies , a amount that they had largely underestimated .

même dans les pays qui connaissent une croissance économique rapide , tout un ensemble de facteurs , exacerbés par des évolutions démographiques extraordinaires , a abouti à la transmission des inégalités de savoirs , de responsabilités sociales et d&apos; opportunités d&apos; une génération à une autre .
even within countries experiencing rapid economic growth , an array of factors , exacerbated by tremendous demographic changes , has conspired to transmit inequality of knowledge , social responsibility , and life chances from one generation to the next .
even in countries with rapid economic growth , a whole set of factors , exacerbated by extraordinary demographic developments , has led to the transmission of inequalities of inequality , social responsibilities and opportunities for a generation .
even in countries with rapid economic growth , a whole series of factors , exacerbated by extraordinary demographic developments , resulted in the transmission of inequalities of inequality , social responsibilities and opportunities for a generation to another generation .

ils s&apos; inquiètent à l&apos; idée que même après avoir entrepris des réformes structurelles visant à réduire l&apos; attrait de l&apos; assurance-chômage et à motiver les travailleurs pour qu&apos; ils aillent vers les entreprises , et les entreprises vers les travailleurs , les banquiers centraux ne continuent à insister pour resserrer les cordons de la bourse .
they worry that even after undertaking structural reforms to reduce the attractiveness of unemployment benefits and increase the ability of workers to move to jobs and of firms to move to workers , central bankers will continue to insist on tight money .
they are concerned about the idea that even after carrying out structural reforms to reduce the issue of unemployment insurance and to motivate workers to go to businesses , and businesses to workers , central bankers continue to insist on strengthening the stock market .
they are concerned about the idea that even after having undertaken structural reforms to reduce the workload of unemployment insurance and to encourage workers to move towards businesses , and businesses towards workers , central bankers continue to insist on strengthening the stock of the stock exchange .

« la période de modération des salaires touche peut-être à sa fin » nous avertit otmar issing , le responsable économique de la bce , sous-entendant que les prix de l&apos; énergie qui montent en flèche sont peut-être maintenant alimentés via le niveau général des prix ( aussi appelé effets secondaires ) .
&quot; the period of wage moderation may be coming to an end , &quot; warns otmar issing , the ecb &apos;s chief economist , implying that soaring energy prices may now be feeding through into the overall price level ( so-called &quot; second-round effects &quot; ) .
perhaps at the end of the day , the ecb &apos;s economic responsibility for the economy , is underpinned by the &apos; wage moderation period &apos; , which may affect us at the end of the day , the economic responsibility of the ecb , is underpinned by the fact that the energy prices that are rising are now being fuelled by the general level of prices ( also called secondary effects ) .
perhaps , the economic responsibility of the ecb , underpinned by the energy price price , which may be used as a result of the &apos; wage moderation period &apos; , perhaps at the end of the day &apos; , we warn us , the economic responsibility of the ecb , underlining that the energy prices which are mongering are perhaps now fuelled by the general price level ( also called secondary effects ) .

tandis que le protocole de kyoto représente seulement une réduction modeste des émissions de carbone dans les pays industrialisés ( 5,2 % entre 2008 et 2012 par rapport aux niveaux de 1990 , avec des objectifs variables suivant les pays ) , des progrès réels peuvent être accomplis en soutenant les efforts de développement et en préservant notre planète .
while the kyoto protocol represents only a modest reduction of carbon emissions in industrialized countries -- 5.2 % between 2008-2012 relative to 1990 levels , with varying targets for individual countries -- real progress can be made in sustaining development efforts and preserving our planet .
while the kyoto protocol represents only a modest reduction in carbon emissions in industrialised countries ( 5.2 % between 2008 and 2012 compared with 1990 levels , with different objectives following countries ) , real progress can be made by supporting development efforts and preserving our planet .
while the kyoto protocol is only a modest reduction in carbon emissions in industrialised countries ( 5.2 % between 2008 and 2012 compared to 1990 levels , with the following objectives of the countries ) , real progress can be made by supporting development efforts and preserving our planet .

une fois que les britanniques ont pris conscience de cette dure réalité , ils ont joué leur lamentable dernière carte dans la gestion des négociations . ils ont fait des offres mesquines et ridicules , toutes principalement élaborées pour sauvegarder les petits intérêts britanniques et ce , essentiellement , au détriment des nouveaux états membres .
so when the british came to terms with this harsh reality , they played out the lamentable end-game of their management of the negotiations with small-minded cheese-paring and logic-chopping offers , all designed primarily to safeguard narrow british interests , mainly at the expense of the new member states .
the british people have become aware of this hard reality , they have played their last map in the management of negotiations , and they have made petty and ridiculous offers , mainly designed to safeguard the small british interests and , essentially , to the detriment of the new member states .
the fact that the british have become aware of this harsh reality , they have played their last tragic card in the management of the negotiations , and they have made small and ridiculous offers , all of which are mainly designed to safeguard small british interests , mainly at the expense of the new member states .

pourtant , un peu partout en europe , cette adhésion est envisagée avec scepticisme , en raison de la taille de la turquie et de sa situation économique , par crainte d&apos; une immigration massive et surtout de &quot; différences culturelles et sociales &quot; , un euphémisme qui fait référence à l&apos; islam .
in many parts of europe , however , turkey &apos;s admission to the eu is viewed with skepticism owing to its size , relatively poor economy , fears of massive immigration , and , above all , cultural and societal differences - a euphemism for islam .
this accession is being considered with scepticism , due to the size of turkey and its economic situation , with fear of mass immigration and , above all , of &apos; cultural and social differences &apos; , a euphemism which refers to islam .
this accession is being considered with scepticism , because of the size of turkey and its economic situation , by fear of mass immigration and , above all , of &apos; cultural and social differences &apos; , which refers to islam , because of the size of turkey and its economic situation , by fear of mass immigration and , above all , of &apos; cultural and social differences &apos; .

quoi qu&apos; il en soit , il est temps de reconnaître que les gouvernements sont mal équipés pour comprendre les défis technologiques sophistiqués et les opportunités dont le monde pourrait profiter , et que de nouvelles méthodes sont nécessaires pour s&apos; assurer que l&apos; on accorde à la science et à la technologie la position nécessaire pour s&apos; attaquer à une vaste gamme de problèmes mondiaux prenant un caractère de plus en plus urgent .
nevertheless , it &apos;s time to recognize that governments are ill-equipped to understand the sophisticated technological challenges and opportunities facing the world , and that new ways are needed to ensure that science and technology are given the prominence needed to address a wide range of increasingly urgent global problems .
at any rate , it is time to recognise that governments are badly equipped to understand the technical challenges that the world could take advantage of , and that new methods are needed to ensure that science and technology are given the necessary position to tackle a wide range of global problems that are increasingly urgent .
however , it is time to recognise that governments are badly equipped to understand the sophisticated technological challenges and opportunities that the world may benefit , and that new methods are needed to ensure that science and technology are given the necessary position to tackle a wide range of global problems that are increasingly urgent .

