) trouvé de star du cinéma pour le remplacer .
) found a film star to replace him .
the film star is found to replace it .
) it has been found from the cinema to replace it .

dans l&apos; ombre du deutsch mark
in the d-mark &apos;s shadow
in the shadow of deutmark mark mark mark
in the shadow of deutmark mark

nous ne le saurons jamais .
we will never know .
we will never know that .
we will never know that .

comment expliquer ce comportement étrange ?
what explains this odd behavior ?
how can we explain this strange behaviour ?
how can we explain this strange behaviour ?

un nouveau monde ?
a world restored ?
is it a new world ?
a new world ?

le combat en défense de la démocratie ne peut pas être sélectif .
the fight for democracy cannot be selective .
the fight to defend democracy cannot be selective .
the fight against democracy cannot be selective .

c&apos; est une bonne chose que jean-paul ii soit parmi nous .
it is good that john paul ii is among us .
it is a good thing that john paul ii is one of us .
it is a good thing that john paul ii is among us .

les occupants de la maison blanche aujourd&apos; hui croient fermement en la
those in the white house today believe in
today &apos;s white house occupying the white house firmly believes in this .
the occupation of the white house today firmly believes in the belief in this .

ces arguments ont été débattus passionnément dans le monde entier .
they launched this war for certain declared reasons , all of which were heatedly debated around the world .
these arguments have been debated in the whole world .
these arguments have been debated in the whole world .

mais les dirigeants doivent avoir la chance de gouverner .
but leaders must be given the chance to govern .
but leaders must have the chance to govern .
but the leaders must have the chance to govern .

les négociations avec la turquie seraient longues et l&apos; adhésion pourrait ne pas avoir lieu avant 2015 .
negotiations with turkey would be lengthy and accession may not occur before 2015 .
negotiations with turkey would be long and accession could not take place before 2015 .
negotiations with turkey would be long and accession could not take place before 2015 .

mais les etats-unis doivent également s&apos; assurer que les institutions existantes sont adaptées aux réalités actuelles .
but the us must also ensure that existing institutions are adapted to current realities .
but the united states must also ensure that the existing institutions are adapted to current realities .
but the united states must also ensure that the existing institutions are adapted to the current realities .

il ne s&apos; agit pas là de nostalgie envers une gloire passée .
this is not nostalgia for past glory .
this is not a matter of nostalgia for a past glory .
this is not a question of nostalemate towards a wayside .

l&apos; essentiel ici vient des arrangements institutionnels qui par nécessité sont spécifiques à chaque pays .
a key point here is that institutional arrangements are , by necessity , country-specific .
the most important thing here is institutional arrangements that need to be specific to each country .
the most important thing here is the institutional arrangements which need to be specific to each country .

considérons aussi le dépeuplement des océans dû à la surpêche .
consider also the depletion of ocean fisheries through over-fishing .
we also consider the depopulation of the oceans due to overfishing .
the depopulation of oceans is also considered to be depopulation due to overfishing .

le gouvernement chávez n&apos; a pas été d&apos; un grand secours pour les classes les plus défavorisées du venezuela .
the chávez government has not helped venezuela &apos;s poor in any significant way .
the pakistani government was not a great help for the most disadvantaged classes in venezuela .
the polish government has not been a great help for the most disadvantaged classes in venezuela .

l&apos; assurance que les etats-unis les feront participer aux délibérations rend les sceptiques alliés européens plus indulgents .
skeptical european allies are being mollified by us assurances of close consultation .
the assurance that the united states will participate in the deliberations makes european allies more expensive .
the assurance that the united states will take part in the deliberations makes european allies more flexible .

la population asiatique a plus que doublé depuis 1950 , principalement dans les pays les plus pauvres .
asia &apos;s population has more than doubled since 1950 , with most of that growth coming in its poorest countries .
the asian population has more than doubled since 1950 , mainly in the poorest countries .
the asian population has more than doubled since 1950 , mainly in the poorest countries .

mais l&apos; insistance de m. chávez quant à l&apos; inviolabilité de la constitution en vigueur est hypocrite .
but chávez &apos;s insistence on the inviolability of the current constitution is hypocritical .
but the insistence of mr malmström on the primacy of the constitution in force is hypocritical .
but the insistence of mr chávez on the integrity of the constitution in force is hypocritical .

plusieurs autres gouvernements européens connaissent aussi une certaine impopularité peu de temps après leur élection .
several other european governments find themselves in a similar state of unpopularity not long after being elected .
a number of other european governments are also experiencing a certain lack of popularity after their election .
some other european governments are also familiar with a lack of popularity after their election .

notre tâche consiste à trouver un moyen de nous dresser ensemble sans pour autant nous dresser contre un pays en particulier .
our task is to find a way to stand together without standing against anybody in particular .
our task is to find a way of drawing together , without making ourselves against a particular country .
our task is to find a way of setting together without , however , making us against a particular country .

cette aspiration à trouver des hommes ou des femmes providentiels en ces temps de mondialisation vient de trois facteurs .
this yearning for providential men or women in our global age results from at least three factors .
this desire to find men and women in the age of globalisation comes from three factors .
this desire to find men or women in times of globalisation comes from three factors .

vicktor orban , le jeune et habile premier ministre hongrois va-t-il mettre fin à cette situation ?
is hungary &apos;s slick young prime minister , viktor orban , poised to end all that ?
victor ktor orban , the young people and the hungarian prime minister will put an end to this situation ?
vicktor orban , the young and the hungarian prime minister will put an end to this situation ?

plus encore que dans d&apos; autres pays , l&apos; amérique latine est née au cours d&apos; une conquête violente .
more than most places , latin america was born in violent conquest .
even more than in other countries , latin america has been born in a violent way .
even more than in other countries , latin america has been born during a violent achievement .

en effet , c&apos; est dans ces moments-là que le monde ressemble vraiment à un village mondial .
indeed , it is at times like this that the world truly does seem like a global village .
indeed , it is in these momentous times that the world really is like a global village .
indeed , it is in these days that the world really is like a global village .

mon bureau a travaillé en collaboration étroite avec l&apos; etat pour faire en sorte que la plupart des procès aient lieu avec jury .
my office worked closely with the state to assure that , in most cases , juries are used .
my office has worked closely with the state to ensure that most trials take place with a ruling .
my office has worked closely with the state to ensure that most of the trial takes place with the location .

en fait , les nations ne sont pas engagées dans une compétition les opposant mutuellement comme c&apos; est le cas pour les entreprises .
indeed , countries do not compete against each other in the way that firms do .
in fact , the nations are not engaged in competition between each other , as is the case for companies .
in fact , the nations are not committed to competition between each other , as is the case for companies .

mais tout cela n&apos; a pas convaincu le reste du monde qui voit cette guerre avec un mélange de mépris et d&apos; inquiétude .
none of this swayed the rest of the world , which views the war with disdain and alarm .
but all this has not convinced the rest of the world that sees this war with a mixture of contempt and concern .
but all of this has not convinced the rest of the world that sees this war with a mixture of contempt and concern .

je crois que l&apos; allemagne s&apos; en sortirait mieux , dans dix ans , avec davantage de politiques néolibérales .
i think that germany would be better off in a decade under more neo-liberal policies .
i believe that germany would get better , in ten years &apos; time , with more neoliberal policies .
i believe that germany would get better , in ten years &apos; time , with more neoliberal policies .

en bref , même notre estimation &quot; modérée &quot; peut sous-estimer de façon significative le coût de l&apos; engagement américain en irak .
in short , even our &quot; moderate &quot; estimate may significantly underestimate the cost of america &apos;s involvement in iraq .
in short , even our &apos; moderate &apos; estimate can significantly underestimate the cost of american commitment in iraq .
in short , even our &apos; moderate &apos; estimate can significantly underestimate the cost of the american commitment to iraq .

quel qu&apos; ait été le motif de l&apos; amérique , elle décida par la suite de rejoindre sagement les nations unies dans leurs efforts .
whatever america &apos;s motive , it later wisely decided to join the un effort .
whatever the reason for america , it decided to join the united nations in their efforts .
whatever the reason for america was , it subsequently decided to join the united nations in their efforts .

la faiblesse de la position fiscale a à son tour miné la confiance des investisseurs , avec d&apos; évidentes répercussions sur la croissance économique .
the weak fiscal position has in turn undermined investors &apos; confidence , with obvious implications for economic growth .
the weakness of the tax position has , in turn , undermined the confidence of investors , with obvious repercussions on economic growth .
the weakness of the tax position has , in turn , undermined the confidence of investors , with obvious repercussions on economic growth .

sans cadre réglementaire après 2012 , les nouvelles possibilités d&apos; amorce de transactions basées sur des projets prendront fin d&apos; ici 2006 / 2007 .
without a regulatory framework beyond 2012 , the window of opportunity for initiating project-based transactions will close by 2006 / 2007 .
without a regulatory framework after 2012 , the new opportunities for opening up this transactions based on projects will end by 2006 / 2007 .
without a regulatory framework after 2012 , the new possibilities for starting this transactions based on projects will end by 2006 / 2007 .

ainsi , les institutions internationales telles que l&apos; omc ont changé les cadres de référence à l&apos; intérieur desquels les décisions économiques sont prises .
for example , international bodies such as the wto have changed the framework within which economic decisions are taken .
thus , international institutions such as the wto have changed the reference frameworks within which economic decisions are taken .
thus , the international institutions such as the wto have changed the reference frameworks within which economic decisions are taken .

ceci est principalement dû aux trois grands , la france , l&apos; allemagne et l&apos; italie , qui produisent 70 % du pib européen .
this is mostly due to the big three -- france , germany , and italy -- which produce 70 % of europe &apos;s gdp .
this is mainly due to the three large areas , france , germany and italy , which produce 70 % of european gdp .
this is mainly due to the three major , france , germany and italy , which produce 70 % of european gdp .

le partenariat précaire du premier ministre tony blair et du ministre des finances gordon brown illustre parfaitement ce type de tactique .
the uneasy partnership of prime minister tony blair and chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown is a good example of this tactic .
the precarious partnership of prime minister tony blair and the finance minister gordon brown illustrates this type of tactic .
the precarious partnership of prime minister tony blair and minister gordon brown is a perfect example of this type of tactic .

le principe de non intervention dans les affaires intérieures d&apos; un état n&apos; a jamais été absolu et la mondialisation confronte ce principe avec un défi radical .
the principle of non-intervention in a state &apos;s internal affairs was never absolute , and globalization confronts it with a radical challenge .
the principle of non-intervention in the internal affairs of a state has never been absolute and globalisation faces this principle with a radical challenge .
the principle of non-intervention in the internal affairs of a state has never been absolute and globalisation faces this principle with a radical challenge .

les règles qui régissent le comportement des politiciens ne doivent pas être rédigées comme si des fonctionnaires désintéressés et bien intentionnés allaient les appliquer .
the rules that govern politicians &apos; behavior must not be written as if disinterested , well-intentioned public servants will apply them .
the rules governing the behaviour of politicians should not be drawn up as if disinterested and well-intentioned officials were to apply them .
the rules governing the behaviour of politicians must not be drawn up as if uninterested and well-intentioned officials would apply them .

généralement , les pays concernés utilisent la présidence de l&apos; union européenne pour afficher leur capacité à résoudre les problèmes et à faire avancer l&apos; union européenne .
normally , countries use their eu presidencies to display their ability to solve problems and move the union forward .
generally speaking , the countries concerned use the presidency of the european union to show their ability to resolve the problems and to move the european union forward .
generally speaking , the countries concerned use the presidency of the european union to demonstrate their ability to solve the problems and to move the european union forward .

ils ont assigné des probabilités de 65 % à des scénarios optimistes qui se sont concrétisés dans seulement 15 % des cas .
they assigned probabilities of 65 % to rosy scenarios that materialized only 15 % of the time .
they gave rise to the probability of 65 % to optimistic scenarios that have only been achieved in 15 % of cases .
they have signed up to 65 % to optimistic scenarios that have been carried out in only 15 % of cases .

l&apos; économie de marché , malgré ses réussites pratiques , semble souvent , à ses yeux , manquer d&apos; un coeur et d&apos; un visage humain .
the market economy , despite its practical achievements , seems to him oftentimes to lack a heart and a human face .
the market economy , despite its practical successes , often seems to be lacking in heart and a human face .
the market economy , despite its practical achievements , seems often to be missing from a heart and a human face .

mais même dans ce cas , la guerre n&apos; était peut-être pas la meilleure solution , comparée à une politique visant à contenir le danger représenté par l&apos; irak .
even in those circumstances , war might well have been unwise compared to a policy of containment .
however , even in this case , war was perhaps not the best solution , compared to a policy aimed at containing the danger represented by iraq .
but even in this case , the war was perhaps not the best solution , compared to a policy to contain the danger represented by iraq .

nous devrons pour cela utiliser la force contre les etats qui donnent asile aux terroristes , comme nous l&apos; avons fait pour détruire le régime des talibans en afghanistan .
this will sometimes require that we use force against states that harbor terrorists , as we did in destroying the taliban regime in afghanistan .
we will have to use the force against the states that give asylum to terrorists , as we have done to destroy the taliban regime in afghanistan .
we will have to use the force against the states that give asylum to terrorists , as we have done to destroy the taliban regime in afghanistan .

cette distinction est particulièrement importante car elle attire l&apos; attention sur l&apos; efficacité limitée des normes juridiques officielles en tant que moyen de promotion des droits de l&apos; homme .
this distinction matters because it points to the limited effectiveness of formalized legal norms as a means of promoting human rights .
this distinction is particularly important because it draws attention to the limited effectiveness of official legal standards as a means of promoting human rights .
this distinction is particularly important because it draws attention to the limited effectiveness of official legal standards as a means of promoting human rights .

nous ne vaincrons ni même ne contiendrons la terreur fanatique si nous n&apos; amenons pas la guerre dans les territoires qui la déclenchent .
we will not defeat or even contain fanatical terror unless we can carry the war to the territories from which it is launched .
we do not win or even retain the fanatical terror if we do not bring war into the territories that cause it .
we do not wish to win or even retain fanatical terror if we do not lead to war in the territories that cause it .

l&apos; europe bloque également les avancées du cycle de doha dans les négociations commerciales internationales , du fait du lobby agricole qui lutte pour préserver ses subventions .
at the same time , europe is again blocking progress in the doha round of world trade talks , with the farmers &apos; lobby fighting to preserve its subsidies .
europe is blocking the progress of the doha round in international trade negotiations , because of the agricultural lobby that is fighting to preserve its subsidies .
europe is also blocking the progress of the doha round in international trade negotiations , because of the agricultural lobby , which is fighting to preserve its subsidies .

cette tendance expose les économies réelles des pays candidats aux risques d&apos; inversion des flux de capitaux et de crises cambiaires qu&apos; une adoption précoce de l&apos; euro éliminerait .
this trend exposes candidate countries &apos; real economies to precisely the risk of a capital flow reversal and currency crisis that early euro adoption was meant to eliminate .
this trend sets out the real economies of the candidate countries to the risks of inversion of the flow of capital and ambient crises that early adoption of the euro would eliminate .
this trend sets out the real savings of the candidate countries to the risks of inversion of capital flows and climate crises that an early adoption of the euro would eliminate .

conférer le pouvoir à autant de membres de la société civile que possible porte à instiller plus sûrement des buts bien précis dans les efforts déployés pour faire avancer les nations .
empowering as many members citizens as possible is likely to instill a widespread sense of purpose into efforts to move countries forward .
giving the power to as many members of civil society as possible is likely to be more specific in the efforts being made to move the nations forward .
giving up the power of so many members of civil society as possible to make it easier for us to draw up good objectives in the efforts made to move the nations forward .

· les patients doivent être mieux informés sur les risques des médicaments qui leur sont prescrits sur ordonnance et davantage impliqués dans leur détection et leur signalement .
· patients need to be better informed about the risks of prescription drugs and more involved in detection and reporting .
if patients are to be better informed about the risks of medicines that are pressing for them and more involved in their detection and signing .
the patients must be better informed about the risks of medicinal products that are pressured to them and more involved in their detection and signing .

c&apos; est la raison pour laquelle les débats sur la réforme du conseil de sécurité doivent s&apos; axer non sur la modification de sa composition , mais sur sa mission .
this is why debates about reforming the security council should focus not on changing its composition , but on its mission .
that is why the debates on the reform of the security council must focus not on changing its composition , but on its mission .
that is why the debates on the reform of the security council must focus not on changing its composition , but on its mission .

en hongrie , la droite a été victime de l&apos; opposition entre conservateurs et populistes d&apos; un côté , et les libéraux appartenant essentiellement aux classes urbaines de l&apos; autre .
hungary &apos;s political right has suffered mainly from differences between conservative and populist forces on the one hand , and traditional , mainly urban , liberals on the other .
in hungary , the right was the victim of the opposition between conservatives and populists on the one hand , and the liberals belonging mainly to the urban classes of the other .
in hungary , the right was the victim of the opposition between conservatives and populists on the one hand , and the liberals mainly belong to urban classes on the other .

le président vaclav havel s&apos; est ainsi courageusement exprimé pendant son premier voyage en allemagne en janvier 1990 , mais ses commentaires ont été interprétés à tort pour de la faiblesse .
so president vaclav havel courageously argued during his first trip to germany in january 1990 , but his comments were mistaken for weakness .
president vacel havel was so courageous during his first trip to germany in january 1990 , but his comments were misinterpreted for weakness .
in this way , president havel has been courageous in his first journey in germany in january 1990 , but his comments were misinterpreted for weakness .

un manque stratégique de transparence va dans l&apos; intérêt des politiciens astucieux qui souhaitent contenter un groupe de pression en dissimulant les coûts des largesses du public à la majorité des citoyens .
a strategic lack of transparency is the bread and butter of shrewd politicians who want to please a lobby by hiding the costs of the public &apos;s largesse from the majority of citizens .
a strategic lack of transparency is in the interests of the politicians who want to simply put pressure on a group by concealing the costs of the public from the majority of the citizens .
a strategic lack of transparency is in the interests of the wilderness politicians who wish to content a group of pressure by concealing the costs of the public by the majority of citizens .

la bce ne devrait pas essayer d&apos; équilibrer l&apos; inflation dans le sud et l&apos; est avec la déflation du nord pour atteindre des cibles artificielles à l&apos; échelle du continent entier .
the ecb should not try to balance inflation in the south and east with deflation in the north in order to hit artificial continent-wide targets .
the ecb should not try to balance inflation in the south and east with the deflation of the north in order to achieve artificial targets throughout the continent .
the ecb should not try to balance inflation in the south and east with the deflation of the north to achieve artificial targets throughout the continent .

a la fin de la prã <unk> sente &quot; super annã <unk> e d&apos; ã <unk> lection &quot; , nous connaã <unk> trons la rã <unk> ponse .
at the end of this current &quot; super election year , &quot; we will know the answer .
at the end of the prone of the &apos; super-oanne &apos; , which was held up as a trader , we will be aware of the tenet of the tense .
at the end of the primacy of &apos; superanny &apos; , we have had an end to the elevation of &apos; , we will have a lot to know what was going to happen .

c&apos; est exactement ce qu&apos; a fait récemment la commission européenne en dévoilant sa première stratégie pour une ère post-kyoto , qui sera examinée par le conseil européen en mars prochain .
this is exactly what the european commission did recently by providing its first strategy for a post-kyoto era , which will be discussed by the european council next march .
that is exactly what the european commission has done recently by disregarding its first strategy for a post-kyoto era , which will be examined by the european council in march .
that is exactly what the european commission has recently done by disappearing its first strategy for a post-kyoto era , which will be examined by the european council in march .

la vérité tient au fait que les politiques économiques jonglent avec toute une série de désastres possibles , troquant celui qui semble le plus menaçant pour celui qui semble le plus éloigné .
the truth is that economic policymakers are juggling sets of potential disasters , exchanging the one that appears most threatening for a threat that seems more distant .
the truth is that economic policies are increasing with a whole range of possible disasters , the one that seems to be the most threatening for the most remote one .
the truth is that the economic policies are being put into practice with a whole range of possible disasters , which seems to be the most threatening for the one that seems to be the most remote .

car il n&apos; est pas seulement moralement incorrect de laisser des nations et des communautés se sentir marginalisées et sans voix ; c&apos; est le meilleur chemin vers la frustration , la rage et le terrorisme .
for it is not only morally wrong to leave nations and communities feeling marginalized and without voice ; it is a recipe for frustration , rage , and terrorism .
because it is not only morally wrong to leave nations and communities that feel marginalised and without votes ; it is the best way to frustration , raft and terrorism .
because it is not just morally wrong to let nations and communities feel marginalised and without voice ; it is the best way to frustration , raft and terrorism .

les partis de droite ne se sont pas encore mis d&apos; accord pour savoir s&apos; ils doivent s&apos; aligner sur les idéologies traditionnelles d&apos; inspiration occidentale ou sur une forme de nationalisme conservateur à la hongroise .
various rightist parties failed to decide whether the modus operandi on the political right should be traditional western ideologies or a hungarian brand of nationalist conservatism and populism .
the right-wing parties have not yet agreed to whether they must align themselves with the traditional ideologies of western inspiration or a form of conservative nationalism in hungarian .
the right parties have not yet agreed whether they have to align themselves with traditional ideologies of western inspiration or a form of conservative nationalism in hungarian .

alors qu&apos; ils révisent le vocabulaire et les abréviations de l&apos; ère royale de la dissuasion , ils découvrent qu&apos; il s&apos; agit d&apos; un monde disparu .
while brushing up the vocabulary and abbreviations of the age of superpower deterrence , they discover that such a world has gone .
while they are redirected at the vocabulary and the revolutions of the deterrence of deterrence , they find that this is a world that is missing .
when they retreat the abulary and the abbreviation of the narcotics era , they discover that this is a world that is disappeared .

la rhétorique employée pour sauver la face du gouvernement bush prétendant qu&apos; il s&apos; agissait de mettre sur pied un groupe central en absence de tout autre effort a lentement été délaissée .
the bush administration &apos;s face-saving rhetoric that it had rushed to push together the core group in the absence of other efforts was quietly let to pass .
the rhetoric used to save the face of the bush government prefers that it was a central group in the absence of any other effort was slowly abandoned .
the rhetoric used to save the president of the bush government &apos; s desire to set up a central group without any other effort has been slowly abandoned .

l&apos; acquittement par un tribunal militaire américain de deux soldats américains ayant tué accidentellement à bord de leur véhicule blindé deux écolières coréennes en juin dernier déclencha des manifestations de rue à travers tout le pays .
the acquittal by a us military court of two american soldiers who accidentally killed two korean schoolgirls with their armored car last june triggered street demonstrations across the country .
the execution by a us military tribunal of two american soldiers who have been killed accidental on the basis of their two koreans in june of last year began demonstrations on a street throughout the country .
the united states military tribunal of two american soldiers who have killed on the board of their oil vehicles in june last year by a united states military tribunal of two west korean vehicles .

l&apos; australie , qui est peu peuplée , a offert plus du double de l&apos; aide américaine , le japon a promis 50 % de plus que l&apos; amérique et l&apos; europe s&apos; est engagée sur une somme cinq fois supérieure .
lightly populated australia offered more than twice america &apos;s assistance , japan promised almost 50 % more , and europe pledged more than five times as much .
australia , which is unpopulated , has offered more than double american aid , japan promised 50 % more than america and europe committed itself over five times over .
australia , which is little populated , has offered more than double american aid , japan has promised 50 % more than america and europe committed itself to a sum of five times higher .

on dit que daniel barenboim a quitté le chicago symphony orchestra en partie parce qu&apos; il s&apos; opposait aux exigences de collecte de fonds qu&apos; on attendait de lui .
daniel barenboim is rumored to have left the chicago symphony orchestra in part because he objected to the fundraising demands that were being made of him .
it has been said that mr barenboim has left the chicago priican phony , partly because he was opposed to the requirements for the collection of funds that he was expecting from him .
it is said that mr barenboim has left the chicago phicycle , in part , because he opposed the requirements for the collection of funds that he was waiting for .

par contre , zhao personnifiait un chapitre de l&apos; histoire chinoise au cours duquel se présenter comme un réformateur impliquait non seulement l&apos; économie mais aussi tous les aspects de la vie quotidienne .
by contrast , zhao embodied a chapter in chinese history when to be a reformer meant to take on not only the economy , but every aspect of life .
on the other hand , zhao haifia was a chapter in chinese history , in which a for-shop involved not only the economy but also all aspects of daily life .
on the other hand , zhao ifia was a chapter in chinese history , in which it was a reforging that involved not only the economy but also all aspects of daily life .

mais le schéma de diffraction observable ( les intensités et les positions des réflexions individuelles ) représente uniquement la moitié des données requises pour déduire la structure de l&apos; objet de diffraction .
but the observable diffraction pattern--the intensities and positions of the individual reflections--represents only half of the data needed to deduce the structure of the diffracting object .
it is only half of the data required to depart from the depletion of depletion ( unbridled sates and the positions of individual considerations ) that only accounts for half of the data required to disclose the scope of the depletion structure .
it is only half of the data required to give up the structure of depletion ( unbundling and the positions of individual thinking ) that is only half of the data required to give up the structure of the depletion .

si l&apos; on veut éviter que les jeunes ne soient coincés dans des emplois sans aucun espoir de promotion ou ne se retrouvent tout simplement sans emploi , ils doivent pouvoir bénéficier d&apos; une meilleure éducation et d&apos; une formation qui réponde aux besoins des entreprises .
if young people are not to become stuck in dead-end jobs , or end up without jobs at all , they need better education and skills that match those needed by employers .
if young people are to be forced into jobs without any hope of promoting or simply find themselves without jobs , they must be able to benefit from better education and training that meets the needs of companies .
if young people are to be avoided in jobs without any hope to promote or simply find themselves without jobs , they must be able to benefit from better education and training that meets the needs of businesses .

en france , par exemple , la commémoration un peu trop flatteuse du dixième anniversaire de la mort de françois mitterrand reflète principalement la désillusion générale éprouvée à l&apos; égard de son successeur , jacques chirac .
in france for example , the overly flattering commemoration of president françois mitterrand &apos;s death ten years ago primarily reflects widespread disillusion with his successor , jacques chirac .
in france , for example , the celebration of the tenth anniversary of the death of françois mitterrand mainly reflects the general disguised desire of his successor jacques chirac .
in france , for example , the celebration of the 10th anniversary of the death of françois mitterrand mainly reflects the general desire for the successor to his successor , jacques chirac .

en public , tous les membres du groupe de contact ont tenté de laisser la question du statut final du kosovo ouverte , mais en privé les états-unis et certains de ses alliés ont affirmé aux deux parties qu&apos; ils proposeraient l&apos; indépendance cette année .
in public , all contact group members have tried to leave the question of kosovo &apos;s final status open , but informally the us and some of its allies have told the two parties that they will propose independence this year .
in public , all members of the contact group have tried to leave the question of the final status of open kosovo , but in private the united states and some of its allies have said to both sides that they would propose independence this year .
in public , all the members of the contact group have tried to leave the issue of the final status of open kosovo , but in private the united states and some of its allies have stated to both sides that they would propose independence this year .

jusqu&apos; à présent , avec seulement 15 % de la population mondiale , les pays riches sont responsables de plus de 75 % des émissions mondiales de dioxyde de carbone ( co2 ) , et donc de la plupart des dommages causés à l&apos; environnement .
up to now , with only 15 % of the world &apos;s population , rich countries have been responsible for more than 75 % of global carbon dioxide ( co2 ) emissions , and thus most of the environmental damage .
up to now , with only 15 % of the world &apos;s population , rich countries are responsible for more than 75 % of global carbon dioxide emissions ( co2 ) , and therefore most damage to the environment .
until now , with only 15 % of the world &apos;s population , rich countries are responsible for over 75 % of global carbon dioxide emissions ( co2 ) , and thus most of the damage caused to the environment .

pour les questions économiques , les désaccords sur une régulation unique de l&apos; union européenne , par exemple , ne doivent pas masquer le fait qu&apos; aucun état membre , nouveau ou historique , n&apos; a jamais contesté le marché communautaire .
in economic matters , disagreements on , say , a single eu regulation should not be allowed to mask the fact that no member state , new or old , has ever contested the internal market .
for economic issues , the disagreements on a single regulation of the european union , for example , must not conceal the fact that no member state , new or historic , has ever challenged the community market .
for economic issues , disagreements on a single regulation of the european union , for example , must not hide the fact that no member state , new or historic , has never challenged the community market .

en effet , la démocratie d&apos; aujourd&apos; hui a adopté une culture pop de lubies qui disparaissent aussi rapidement qu&apos; elles sont venues ; le groupe pop aux fans hystériques d&apos; aujourd&apos; hui sera oublié demain et il y en a plein d&apos; autres qui attendent dans les coulisses .
indeed , democracy nowadays has embraced a pop culture of rapidly passing fads ; today &apos;s hysteria-generating pop group is forgotten tomorrow , and there are always more waiting in the wings .
indeed , today &apos;s democracy has adopted a magp culture that is so rapidly disappearing , and the magp group in today &apos;s hysterical fstair will be forgotten tomorrow and there are many others waiting in the corridors .
in fact , today &apos;s democracy has adopted a culture of magp , which is as quickly as they come from , and the magp group in today &apos;s hysteria will be forgotten tomorrow , and there are others who are waiting for in the corridors .

ces exigences se sont faites plus pressantes depuis la mort de m. hariri , quand des dizaines de milliers de supporters de l&apos; ancien premier ministre ont réclamé le départ de la syrie , alors qu&apos; ils ne prenaient pas position jusqu&apos; à présent au sujet de la syrie .
such demands escalated dramatically after hariri &apos;s death , as tens of thousands of the former prime minister &apos;s partisans , who previously sat on the fence when it came to syria , shouted &quot; syria out . &quot;
these demands have been made more pressing since the death of mr hariri , when tens of thousands of supporters of the former prime minister called for syria to start , when they did not take a position so far on syria .
these requirements have been more pressing since the death of mr hariri , when tens of thousands of supporters of the former prime minister called for syria &apos;s start , while they did not take a position so far on syria .

plutôt que de sauter directement jusqu&apos; aux côtes , puisque 80 % des américains vivent dans un rayon de 80 km de l&apos; atlantique ou du pacifique , wal-mart s&apos; est étendu de façon organique par le biais d&apos; une chaîne de fournisseurs en constante expansion .
rather than jumping out to the coasts -- 80 % of all americans live within 80 kilometers of the pacific or atlantic oceans -- wal-marts have spread organically through an ever-expanding supply chain .
rather than saving the coast directly , since 80 % of the americans live in 80 km of the atlantic or pacific , wal-mart has been extended in a organic way by means of a constant expansion chain of suppliers .
instead of being able to save directly to the coast , since 80 % of the americans live in an 80 km of the atlantic or pacific , wal-mart has extended themselves in an organic way through a chain of constant expansion .

comme l&apos; a à nouveau démontré milosevic dans les années 1990 , lorsqu&apos; il prétendait défendre les serbes innocents de croatie et de bosnie , justifier l&apos; intervention militaire uniquement sur la base de principes moraux laisse trop de champ libre pour déformer ces principes et en abuser .
as milosevic showed again in the 1990s , when he claimed to be defending innocent serbs in croatia and bosnia , justifying military intervention solely on the basis of moral principles leaves too much room for their distortion and abuse .
as milosevic once again demonstrated in the 1990s , when he claimed to defend the innocent serbs in croatia and bosnia , justified military intervention only on the basis of moral principles leaves too much scope to detrain these principles and abuse them .
once again , as milosevic once again demonstrated in the 1990s , when he claimed to defend the innocent serbs in croatia and bosnia , justify military intervention only on the basis of moral principles leaves too much scope to detrain these principles and abuse them .

certains membres du conseil de sécurité , notamment la russie et la chine , voient d&apos; un mauvais œil ou restent sceptiques quant à une solution imposée , et peu de gouvernements sont pour la division du territoire d&apos; un autre pays , quelqu&apos; impérieuses que soient les circonstances .
some members of the security council -- particularly russia and china -- are opposed to or skeptical of an imposed settlement , and few governments favor dividing up another country &apos;s territory , however compelling the circumstances .
some members of the security council , including russia and china , see a bad eye or sceptical about a solution imposed , and few governments are in favour of the division of the territory of another country , someone who is imperialistic in circumstances .
some of the members of the security council , particularly russia and china , see a bad or sceptical eye as to a solution imposed , and little governments are in favour of the division of territory of another country , which is imperial for the circumstances .

la réflexion par les « plans de bragg » , des feuilles d&apos; atomes capables de diffracter des rayons x à des angles spécifiques déterminés par la séparation entre les feuilles , permit aux bragg de calculer la disposition exacte des atomes de sodium et de chlorure dans un cristal de sel .
reflection by &quot; bragg planes &quot; --sheets of atoms that can diffract x-rays at specific angles that are determined by the separation between sheets--enabled the braggs to calculate the exact arrangement of sodium and chloride atoms in a crystal of salt .
the reflection of the &apos; bragg &apos; plans , the fans capable of delaying rays to specific angles determined by the separation between the fmd , the bragg to calculated the exact provision of the soes of soes and shine bullets in a salt .
the reflection by the braggg plans , the atomic maps that are capable of curbing the rays to specific angles determined by the separation of the fests , the braggg to calculate the exact provision of soot and chlorchen in a salt .

les forces de maintien de la paix de l&apos; otan n&apos; avaient pas pour mission d&apos; empêcher les enlèvements , les disparitions , les vengeances meurtrières et les destructions massives de propriétés par des groupes ethniques albanais , ce qui a débouché sur une vaste épuration ethnique inversée de la population non-albanaise ( majoritairement serbe ) .
nato peacekeeping troops were not directed to stop the abductions , disappearances , retaliation killings , and massive property destruction by groups of ethnic albanians , which led to a vast reverse ethnic cleansing of the non-albanian ( mainly serb ) population .
the nato peace-keeping forces did not have the task of preventing abduction , disappearances , murderous ventures and mass destruction of property by ethnic albanian groups , which led to a vast ethnic cleansing of the non-albanian population ( mainly serbian majority ) .
the nato peacekeeping forces did not have the task of preventing abduction , disappearances , murderers , murderers and mass destruction of property by albanian ethnic groups , which resulted in an unpaid ethnic cleansing of the non-albanian population ( mainly serbian majority ) .

en consã <unk> quence de quoi , les chanceliers allemands prã <unk> sident gã <unk> nã <unk> ralement les gouvernements de coalition et leur vã <unk> ritable autoritã <unk> est fondã <unk> e sur la loyautã <unk> des forces du parti qu&apos; ils commandent dans ces alliances politiques .
as a consequence , german chancellors usually preside over coalition governments , and their effective authority is based on the loyalty of the party forces they command within such political alliances .
as a result of this , the german prime minister of germany , which is taking up the hosting hosting of the coalition governments , and their intangible ten-in-house trail has been trapped up on the breadth of the forces of the party that they are carrying out in these political alliances .
in writing . - ( pt ) by saying that the german children who have been involved , who have been involved in the past , who have been acting as a result of this , were the prime minister of germany , who has been involved in the reform of the coalition governments , and their venteenuously enuated fired vatican have a great deal of involvement in the mic of the interference of the forces of the party which they are commended in these political alliances .

lors de l&apos; hiver 1976 , quand le leader zhou enlai ( perçu comme un libéral dans la hiérarchie maoïste ) mourut , des dizaines de milliers de gens envahirent spontanément la place tienanmen , offrant au parti alors une belle frayeur .
during the winter of 1976 , when premier zhou enlai ( viewed as a relative liberal in the maoist hierarchy ) died , tens of thousands of people spontaneously flooded tiananmen square , giving the party a tremendous fright .
during the winter of 1976 , when leader zhor lalalai &apos;s leader ( seen as a liberal in the maoist hierarchy ) murut , tens of thousands of people who are entering spontaneously the place of tianananmen , offering the party a fine fram .
during the 1976 winter , when leader zhu or enlai ( seen as a liberal in the maoist hierarchy ) rut , tens of thousands of people are spontaneous to the tienanmen , offering a beautiful frayard .

pourtant l&apos; europe devrait aussi réfléchir sur ses propres pratiques , y compris ses politiques d&apos; échanges , surtout quand l&apos; ue s&apos; acharne à déséquilibrer systématiquement le régime des échanges internationaux défavorisant ainsi les pays en voie de développement , malgré les promesses de rétablir l&apos; équilibre avec les négociations actuellement en cours .
but europe should also reflect on its own practices , including trade policy , where the eu works systematically to unbalance the global trade regime against developing countries , despite promising that those imbalances would be corrected in the current round of trade negotiations .
however , europe should also reflect on its own practices , including its trade policies , especially when the eu is hard to systematically balance the regime of disadvantaged international trade in developing countries , despite the promises to restore balance with the negotiations currently under way .
yet , however , europe should also reflect on its own practices , including its trade policies , especially when the eu is systematically unbalanced in the international trade regime leading to the developing countries , despite the promises to restore the balance with the negotiations currently under way .

il est devenu un personnage presque révéré dans son pays , et l&apos; opinion publique occidentale considère généralement que sa défaite politique représente un coup qui pourrait être fatal pour tout espoir de progrès dans la région , même s&apos; il reste haï dans de nombreuses régions du monde arabe et musulman .
he has become a nearly revered figure in his country , and large segments of western public opinion believe that his political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region , even as he remains hated in large parts of the arab and muslim world .
it has become an almost reverted figure in its country , and western public opinion generally considers that its political defeat represents a blow that could be fatal for any hope of progress in the region , even though there is still hake in many regions of the arab and muslim world .
it has become an almost retruthful figure in its country , and western public opinion generally considers that its political defeat is a blow that could be fatal for any hope of progress in the region , even though it remains in many regions of the arab and muslim world , even though there are many regions of the arab and arab world .

au dã <unk> but de ce qui a ã <unk> tã <unk> surnommã <unk> &quot; une super annã <unk> e d&apos; ã <unk> lection &quot; en allemagne ( 14 ã <unk> lections , une au niveau europã <unk> en , cinq au niveau rã <unk> gional et huit au niveau local ) , il s&apos; agissait lã d&apos; une nouvelle catastrophique pour le spd .
at the beginning of what has been dubbed a &quot; super election year &quot; in germany - with 14 elections , one at the european , five at the regional , and eight at the local levels - this is hideously bad news for the spd .
for the purpose of the ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
as a result of what has been said , it has been said that , in the past , there has been something that has been done in the past , which has meant that there has been something that has been done in the past , which has meant that there has been a need to have a &apos; superyear &apos; to safeguard the protection of &apos; protection &apos; in the case of &apos; protection in germany ( 14 , a level which was destroyed at the european level , five in the rgious and eight at local level ) , it was a new disaster for the protection of spp .

