leur confiance en eux peut être contagieuse .
their self-confidence can be infectious .
their confidence in them can be confused .
their confidence in them can be contagious .

l&apos; équipe actuelle de dirigeants a énormément déçu .
the current team of leaders has been an enormous disappointment .
the current team of leaders has been very disappointed .
the current team of leaders has been very disappointed .

marre de wal-mart ?
wall-to-wall wal-mart ?
marre of wal-mart ?
marre by wal-mart mart ?

chacun son chemin vers la paix
the unilateral road to peace
everyone is moving towards peace .
every one of them is its path towards peace

les risques réels des déficits
the real risks of deficits
the real risk of deficits
the real risks of deficits are the real risks of deficits

les référendums sont , pour la plupart , des instantanés .
referenda are for the most part snapshots .
the referendums are , for the most part , belated .
the referendums are , for most part , shattered .

les exportateurs pouvaient échanger 30 % de leurs revenus aux conditions du marché .
exporters could exchange 30 % of their earnings at the market rate .
exporters could exchange 30 % of their income to market conditions .
exporters could exchange 30 % of their income to market conditions .

mais ils sont souvent exagérés et certainement pas insurmontables .
however , they are often exaggerated and certainly not insurmountable .
but they are often exaggerated and certainly not insurmountable .
but they are often exaggerated and certainly not insurmountable .

la majorité des européens voient en l&apos; amérique un ami solide .
most europeans see in america a strong friend .
the majority of europeans see america as a strong friend .
the majority of europeans see in america a strong friend .

le règne de la terreur de saddam hussein prend son fin .
saddam hussein &apos;s reign of terror is about to end .
saddam hussein &apos;s terror is going to end .
saddam hussein &apos;s terror is an end .

quoi qu&apos; il en soit , la politique américaine n&apos; était pas fondée sur les preuves scientifiques .
whatever the case , american policy was not based on evidence .
in any case , american policy was not based on scientific evidence .
in any case , american policy was not based on scientific evidence .

tout ceci fait que je ne crois pas en l&apos; imminence d&apos; une rupture durable .
so i do not believe that a lasting rift looms .
all of this is that i do not believe that there is a lasting break .
all of this is true that i do not believe in the end of a lasting break .

on craint également que les islamistes fassent un jour de la turquie un etat fondamentaliste .
it is also feared that islamists may one day turn turkey into a fundamentalist state .
there is also a fear that islamists will make turkey a fundamentalist state a day .
we are also afraid that islamists are making turkey a fundamentalist state today .

pas plus qu&apos; il n&apos; existe d&apos; explication simple sur les causes de la pauvreté .
nor is there a simple explanation of what causes poverty .
nor is there any simple explanation of the causes of poverty .
nor is there any simple explanation of the causes of poverty .

c&apos; est une situation que peu de personnes doivent affronter dans les pays riches .
this is a situation that few people in rich countries face .
it is a situation that few people have to face in the rich countries .
it is a situation that little people have to face in rich countries .

il n&apos; y a qu&apos; à voir le nombre de citoyens respectables d&apos; origine turque vivant en allemagne .
look at the growing number of prominent citizens of turkish origin in germany .
there is only one to see the number of turkish citizens living in germany .
there is only a need to see the number of citizens who live in turkish origin in germany .

les politiciens et les décideurs mettent en avant leur approche économique comme « la seule et unique doctrine » .
politicians and policymakers advance their approach to economics as the &quot; one true doctrine . &quot;
politicians and decision-makers are putting forward their economic approach as the only single doctrine .
politicians and decision-makers put forward their economic approach as &apos; the only single doctrine &apos; .

résultat , l&apos; amérique latine n&apos; a pas su tirer convenablement parti des révolutions technologiques mondiales .
the result is that latin america has failed to benefit adequately from the global technological revolutions .
as a result , latin america has not been able to take full advantage of global technological revolutions .
as a result , latin america has not been properly able to take advantage of global technological pollution .

le progrès économique à long terme est surtout permis par l&apos; invention et la diffusion de technologies améliorées .
long-term economic progress comes mainly from the invention and spread of improved technologies .
long-term economic progress is , above all , made possible by invention and the dissemination of improved technologies .
long-term economic progress is above all made by the invention and dissemination of improved technologies .

les investissements étrangers propres aux régions ou même externes ont altéré la structure des économies intérieures .
foreign investment from within and outside the region has altered the structure of domestic economies .
foreign investment in regions or even external areas has changed the structure of internal economies .
foreign investment in the regions or even external regions has changed the structure of internal economies .

s&apos; ils se révèlent justifiés , la guerre débouchera peut-être sur un monde plus sûr .
if they are vindicated , then the war could conceivably bring a safer world .
if they are proven to be justified , the war will perhaps lead to a safer world .
if they prove justified , the war will perhaps lead to a safer world .

avec 80 millions d&apos; habitants , la turquie deviendrait l&apos; un des plus grands etats membres de l&apos; union européenne .
with 80 million people , turkey would be one of the largest eu states .
with 80 million inhabitants , turkey would become one of the largest member states of the european union .
with 80 million inhabitants , turkey would become one of the largest member states of the european union .

cependant , de telles manoeuvres fiscales disqualifieraient probablement un pays souhaitant entrer rapidement dans la zone euro .
however , such fiscal expansion would probably disqualify a country from entering the euro any time soon .
however , such tax manship would probably mean a country wishing to enter the euro area quickly .
however , such tax mandates would probably call a country that wants to enter the euro area quickly .

de plus en plus , la libre expression de l&apos; opinion n&apos; influence ni ne maîtrise le comportement du gouvernement .
increasingly , free expression of opinion does not influence or restrain how government behaves .
in addition , the free expression of opinion does not influence or control the behaviour of the government .
increasingly , the free expression of opinion does not influence or control the behaviour of the government .

découvrir ce qu&apos; un pays produit ( ou pourrait produire ) facilement représente le principal défi de tout développement économique .
learning what a country is ( or can be ) good at producing is a key challenge of economic development .
finding out what a country produces ( or could produce ) is easily the main challenge of any economic development .
finding out what a product ( or could produce ) is easily the main challenge of any economic development .

si les irakiens utilisent maintenant ces armes , ce sera la preuve qu&apos; elles étaient prêtes à être utilisées .
if the iraqis launch an attack with such weapons , this would demonstrate that the weapons were ready for use .
if the iraqi people are now using these weapons , it will be proof that they are ready to be used .
if the iraqis now use these weapons , it will be proof that they are prepared to be used .

l&apos; onu et d&apos; autres structures mondiales peuvent parfois être les mieux placées pour traiter les objectifs de politique extérieure des etats-unis .
the un and other global frameworks may sometimes be best placed to address us foreign policy goals .
the un and other global structures can sometimes be the best placed to deal with the us external policy objectives .
the un and other global structures can sometimes be the best placed to deal with the objectives of the united states &apos; external policy .

c&apos; est pourquoi j&apos; ai suggéré à poutine que la tchétchénie soit dotée de son propre médiateur régional , sur place en permanence .
this is why i suggested to putin that chechnya have its own regional rights ombudsman who would spend all his time there .
that is why i suggested that chechnya should be given its own regional ombudsman on a permanent basis .
that is why i suggested that chechnya should be given its own regional ombudsman on a permanent basis .

le déficit budgétaire du gouvernement américain s&apos; élève maintenant à 455 milliards de dollars , soit 4,1 % du pnb .
america &apos;s government budget deficit now stands at $ 455 billion , 4.1 % of gdp .
the us government &apos;s budget deficit now amounts to usd 455 billion , or 4.1 % of gnp .
the budget deficit of the us government is now usd 455 billion , that is 4.1 % of gdp .

puisque l&apos; inde est toujours déficitaire , la roupie pourrait subir des pressions suite à un choc négatif .
because india is still running a trade deficit , there could be some pressure on the rupee following any negative shock .
since india is still default , the wheels could suffer pressure as a result of a negative shock .
given that india is still depleting , the wheels could suffer as a result of a negative shock .

et notre estimation ne comprend aucun des coûts impliqués par les énormes pertes en vies humaines et en biens en irak .
and our estimate does not include any of the costs implied by the enormous loss of life and property in iraq itself .
and our estimate does not include any of the costs involved in the huge loss of human life and property in iraq .
and our estimate does not include any of the costs involved by the huge losses in human lives and goods in iraq .

certains considèrent le pape comme l&apos; homme qui a provoqué un renouveau religieux ; d&apos; autres le tiennent pour un homme de paix .
some see in the pope the person responsible for a religious revival ; others see a man of peace .
some see the pope as a man who has caused religious renewal ; others hold it for a man of peace .
some people regard the pape as the man who has caused a religious renewal ; others hold him for a man of peace .

les téléphones portables , l&apos; internet local sans fil et davantage de routes pourraient contribuer grandement à rompre l&apos; isolement économique des villages africains .
mobile phones , local wireless internet , and more paved roads could do much to break the economic isolation of africa &apos;s villages .
mobile phones , the local internet and more roads could make a significant contribution to breaking the economic isolation of african villages .
mobile phones , the local internet and more roads could make a significant contribution to the economic isolation of african villages .

en fait , la bataille a eu lieu sur trois fronts et a opposé la grande-bretagne , la france et les nouveaux états membres .
in the event , it turned into a three-way battle between britain , france and the new member states .
in fact , the battle took place on three fronts and opposed britain , france and the new member states .
in fact , the battle took place on three fronts and opposed britain , france and the new member states .

c&apos; est pour cette raison que les actes de l&apos; administration bush ne font que renforcer la dynamique de l&apos; entreprise virtuelle terroriste .
that is why the bush administration &apos;s actions actually strengthen the virtual terrorist enterprise dynamic .
for this reason , the actions of the bush administration only strengthen the dynamic of the virtual terrorist company .
for this reason , the actions of the bush administration only strengthen the dynamic of the virtual terrorist company .

il est désormais courant que les organisations internationales qui publient un rapport impliquent toutes les « parties prenantes » et reflètent leurs opinions .
it is now standard practice for international organizations publishing a report to involve all the &quot; stakeholders &quot; and to reflect their opinions .
it is now clear that international organisations that publish a report involve all stakeholders and reflect their opinions .
it is now known that international organisations which publish a report involve all the stakeholders and reflect their opinions .

avec les informations voulues et une stimulation adéquate , les jeunes seront mieux armés pour prendre des décisions quant à leur santé ou à leur avenir .
armed with the right information and incentives , young people can make better decisions about their health and education .
with the necessary information and adequate encouragement , young people will be better armed to take decisions on their health or their future .
with the necessary information and adequate stimulus , young people will be better armed to take decisions on their health or their future .

certains genres de confiance peuvent être basés sur une notion artificielle du &quot; pas nous &quot; plutôt que sur de vraies valeurs et sur l&apos; expérience directe .
some kinds of trust can be based on an artificial notion of &quot; not us &quot; rather than on real values and direct experience .
some gender confidence can be based on an artificial concept of &apos; we &apos; rather than true values and direct experience .
some gender confidence can be based on an artificial concept of &apos; no &apos; rather than on real values and direct experience .

alors que les citoyens d&apos; une démocratie apprennent continuellement à participer , les gouvernements démocratiques apprennent continuellement à arriver à leurs fins malgré la participation .
just as citizens in a democracy continuously learn to participate , democratic governments continuously learn how to get their way despite the participation .
while the citizens of a democracy are constantly learning to participate , democratic governments are constantly learning to reach their ends despite their participation .
while the citizens of a democracy constantly learn to participate , democratic governments constantly learn to achieve their ends despite participation .

ces deux impératifs sont par nature contradictoires , mais une démocratie parlementaire représentative constitue encore le meilleur moyen d&apos; assurer l&apos; équilibre entre les deux .
these two imperatives are inherently contradictory , but the balance between them is still best achieved through representative , parliamentary democracy .
both of these requirements are contradictory in nature , but representative parliamentary democracy is still the best way of ensuring the balance between the two .
both of these are contradictory , but a representative parliamentary democracy is still the best way to ensure the balance between the two .

une entreprise virtuelle est un petit groupe qui s&apos; assemble tout seul en organisation juste assez grande pour mettre en œuvre une intention collective .
a virtual enterprise is any small group that self-assembles into an organization that is just large enough to accomplish the collective intention .
a virtual company is a small group that is the only organisation that is fairly large in order to implement a collective intention .
a virtual company is a small group that is the only right organisation to implement a collective intention .

de plus , le terrorisme est maintenant perçu comme un problème pour tout le monde , l&apos; indonésie , l&apos; espagne et la russie ayant subies leurs propres tragédies .
moreover , terrorism is now viewed as a problem for everyone , with major tragedies in indonesia , spain , and russia .
moreover , terrorism is now seen as a problem for everyone , indonesia , spain and russia which have suffered their own tragedies .
furthermore , terrorism is now seen as a problem for everyone , indonesia , spain and russia having suffered their own tragedies .

les notions de droits de l&apos; homme étant encore rudimentaires , on peut au mieux espérer une prise de conscience qui se répande peu à peu .
because concepts of human rights remain rudimentary , the best that can be hoped for is that awareness will slowly begin to take hold .
the concepts of human rights are still rudimous , and it is best to be hoped that we will be aware of the awareness that is spreading shortly .
the concepts of human rights are still rudimble , and we can best hope for an awareness that is going on little .

pour la bce , une augmentation de 50 points de base pourrait suffire à ce stade , et les taux pourraient alors être mis en attente pendant quelque temps .
for the ecb , an increase of 50 basis points could do the job at this point -- after which rates could probably be put on hold for some time .
for the ecb , a 50 basic points could be increased at this stage , and the rates could then be expected for some time .
for the ecb , an increase in 50 basic points could be enough at this stage , and the rates could then be expected for some time .

une stratégie efficace doit réaliser deux objectifs : encourager les investissements dans des domaines peu traditionnels et élaguer les projets ou les investissements qui n&apos; aboutissent pas .
an effective strategy must accomplish two tasks : encourage investment in non-traditional areas , and weed out projects and investments that fail .
an effective strategy needs to achieve two objectives : to encourage investment in non-traditional areas and to speed up projects or investments that do not reach .
an effective strategy must achieve two objectives : to encourage investment in small traditional areas and to draw up the projects or investments that do not achieve .

en bref , ils craignent que sans augmentation de la production ou de l&apos; emploi , l&apos; effet net ne soit simplement qu&apos; une augmentation de la pauvreté .
in short , they fear that , with no expansion of output or employment , the net effect will simply be an increase in poverty .
in short , they fear that without increasing production or employment , the net effect is simply an increase in poverty .
in short , they fear that without increasing production or employment , the net effect is simply an increase in poverty .

les gouvernements qui ne possèdent pas les capacités requises pour exercer leur rôle directeur du secteur privé vont droit à la catastrophe et ont peu de chances d&apos; améliorer la répartition des ressources .
governments without adequate capacity to exercise leadership over their private sectors are likely to mess things up rather than improve allocation of resources .
governments that do not have the capacity to exercise their role as the director of the private sector are entitled to disaster and have little chance of improving the distribution of resources .
the governments that do not have the capabilities required to exercise their director of the private sector are entitled to the disaster and have little chance of improving the distribution of resources .

chacun devrait souhaiter que l&apos; europe unie d&apos; aujourd&apos; hui bâtisse sur ces réussites , plutôt que de voir des générations de fort taux de chômage les mettre en danger .
everyone should want today &apos;s undivided europe to build on these accomplishments , rather than for generations of high unemployment to jeopardize them .
everyone should wish that today &apos;s united europe will be based on these successes , rather than seeing strong generations of unemployment put them at risk .
everyone should hope that today &apos;s united europe is building on these successes , rather than seeing generations of high unemployment at risk .

quand les électeurs français et néerlandais ont rejeté la proposition de constitution de l&apos; union européenne , tout le monde a vite compris que le projet européen était dans une situation difficile .
when voters in france and the netherlands turned down the proposal for a constitution for the european union , the world knew that the european project was in deep trouble .
when the french and dutch voters rejected the proposal for a european union constitution , everyone quickly understood that the european project was in a difficult situation .
when the french and dutch voters rejected the proposal for a constitution of the european union , everyone quickly understood that the european project was in a difficult situation .

même s&apos; il est hors de question que cela se produise , car cela nécessiterait de modifier le traité européen , tout ce brouhaha n&apos; est pas sain .
while such a move is out of the question -- it would require a change in the european treaty -- the noise is unhealthy .
even if there is no question that this happens , because that would require a change to the european treaty , everything that has been done is not healthy .
even if there is no question of this being happening , because it would require the european treaty to be changed , it is not healthy .

et je ne suis pas d&apos; accord avec certains de mes amis qui snobent les magasins wal-mart et prétendent n&apos; y avoir jamais mis les pieds .
and i don &apos;t agree with friends of mine who turn their noses down at wal-mart stores , and claim never to have visited one .
and i do not agree with some of my friends who scribe the wal-mart shops and claim that they have never been trampled on .
and i do not agree with some of my friends who snose the wwal-mart shops and claim that they never put their feet .

à la mi-juillet , les bons et grands ministres des finances des pays membres de l&apos; union monétaire européenne ( ume ) se sont réunis pour examiner la situation économique de la zone euro .
in mid-july the great-and-good finance ministers of the european monetary union ( emu ) gathered to consider the euro zone &apos;s economic condition .
in mid-july , the good ministers of finance from the member states of the european monetary union ( ume ) met to examine the economic situation of the euro zone .
in mid-july , the good and large finance ministers of the member states of the european monetary union ( ume ) met to examine the economic situation of the euro area .

a la place , une nouvelle forme menaçante de populisme national est en train d&apos; émerger dans la plaine qui s&apos; étend entre la bavière et le danube .
in its place , an ugly new form of national populism is emerging across the plain that extends between bavaria and the danube .
instead , a new form of national populism is emerging in the beacon between bavaria and the danube .
instead , a new threatening form of national populism is emerging in the bee , which extends between bavaria and the danube .

ce qui est là le véritable sens du mot « solidarité » tel que le définit le dictionnaire le petit robert : « relation entre personnes ayant conscience d&apos; une communauté d&apos; intérêt » .
this is the very meaning of the word &quot; solidarity , &quot; as defined in the oxford english dictionary : &quot; unity resulting from feelings and sympathies . &quot;
what is the real meaning of the word &apos; solidarity &apos; as described by the small robert : &apos; relationship between people with a community of interest &apos; .
what is the real sense of the word &apos; solidarity &apos; as defined by the small saying : &apos; relationship between people who are aware of a community of interest &apos; .

les visiteurs nocturnes de ebeneezer scrooge furent capables de le convaincre qu&apos; il avait tort et de lui ouvrir les yeux sur ses erreurs .
ebeneezer scrooge &apos;s nocturnal visitors were able to convince him of the errors of his ways .
it was possible to convince him that he was wrong and to open his eyes to his mistakes .
the nocen visitors from eeezer scrooge were able to convince him that he was wrong and to open his eyes to his mistakes .

une politique efficace en direction de la jeunesse repose sur trois types de mesures : plus de possibilités de réussite offertes aux jeunes , plus de compétences et l&apos; offre d&apos; une deuxième chance .
to build successful youth-friendly policies , governments need to focus on three policy areas : expanding opportunities , enhancing capabilities , and providing second chances for young people .
an effective youth policy is based on three types of measures : more opportunities for success for young people , more skills and a second chance .
an effective youth policy is based on three types of measures : more opportunities for success for young people , more skills and a second chance .

l&apos; administration bush a un jour proclamé que la guerre en irak serait bonne pour l&apos; économie , et un porte-parole a même suggéré que c&apos; était la meilleure manière de s&apos; assurer des bas prix du pétrole .
the bush administration once claimed that the iraq war would be good for the economy , with one spokesperson even suggesting that it was the best way to ensure low oil prices .
the bush administration has one day declared that the war in iraq would be good for the economy , and a spokesman even suggested that it was the best way of ensuring low oil prices .
the bush administration has once said that war in iraq would be good for the economy , and a spokesman even suggested that it was the best way to ensure that oil prices are low .

mais une visite dans les villages africains fait clairement comprendre que le problème est davantage lié à la lutte pour la survie dans des conditions physiques difficiles qu&apos; à un quelconque autre problème inhérent aux sociétés africaines .
but a visit to africa &apos;s villages makes clear that the problems have more to do with the struggle for survival under difficult physical conditions than with any special problems that are unique to african societies .
but a visit to african villages makes it clear that the problem is more linked to the fight for survival in difficult physical conditions than to any other problem inherent in african societies .
however , a visit to african villages makes it clear that the problem is more linked to the fight for survival in difficult physical conditions than to any other problem inherent in african societies .

le fait que cela provoqua débat et discussion ne contredit pas la conviction partagée par tous , anciens et nouveaux états membres , qu&apos; ils ont obligation de reconstruire un continent après quarante années de division .
the fact that it provoked debate and dispute does not detract from the conviction shared by old and new member states that they had an obligation to rebuild the continent after 40 years of division .
the fact that this causes debate and discussion does not contradict the conviction shared by all , old and new member states , that they have a duty to rebuild a continent after 40 years of division .
the fact that this is a complex debate and discussion does not contradict the conviction shared by all , old and new member states , that they have a duty to rebuild a continent after forty years of division .

comme à cette époque , aujourd&apos; hui encore beaucoup de gens acceptent formellement les étiquettes idéologiques , mais ne s&apos; en réclament que dans la mesure où ils peuvent en retirer un bénéfice tangible à court terme .
as during those years , many people now formally accept ideological labels but identify with them only as long as such an allegiance to a specific political current has tangible short-term benefits for them .
today , like this time , many people still have a formal acceptance of ideological labels , but only if they can take advantage of them in the short term .
as at that time , there are still many people who formally accept ideological labels , but only ask themselves to do so , as they can withdraw a tangible benefit in the short term .

en slovaquie , pays dans lequel les sentiments nationalistes ont joué un rôle important après 1989 , les forces politiques ne se répartissent pas pour le moment sur un axe droite-gauche .
in slovakia , where nationalist sentiments were an important political factor after 1989 , the political spectrum has not yet coalesced along standard right-left political axis .
in slovakia , countries in which nationalistic feelings have played an important role after 1989 , political forces are not divided at the moment on a near-left axis .
in slovakia , countries in which nationalistic feelings played an important role after 1989 , political forces are not divided at the moment on a bee-left axis .

le monde a besoin d&apos; un système d&apos; ordonnances juridiques ( accords bilatéraux et multilatéraux , institutions de contrôle et de surveillance appropriées ) pour réglementer l&apos; utilisation de la force pour raisons humanitaires .
what the world needs is a system of legal injunctions--bilateral and multilateral agreements , as well as appropriate monitoring and supervisory institutions--to regulate the use of force for humanitarian reasons .
the world needs a legal order system ( bilateral and multilateral agreements , supervisory and supervision institutions ) to regulate the use of force for humanitarian reasons .
the world needs a system of legal order ( bilateral and multilateral agreements , control and monitoring institutions ) to regulate the use of force for humanitarian reasons .

ceci est particulièrement important dans le cas de l&apos; indonésie , dont le service de la dette s&apos; élève à 132 milliards de dollars usd , dont 70 dus à des créditeurs publics ou garantis par des administrations gouvernementales .
this is especially important for indonesia , which must service a debt of $ 132 billion ( of which $ 70 billion is owed to public creditors or guaranteed by government agencies ) .
this is particularly important in the case of indonesia , whose debt service amounts to usd 132 billion , 70 of which are caused by public or guaranteed public creators by government administrations .
this is particularly important in the case of indonesia , whose debt service amounts to usd 132 billion , 70 from public creditors or guaranteed by government administrations .

que l&apos; on ait pu comparer l&apos; attaque dont a souffert m. sharon , en termes de conséquences politiques , à l&apos; assassinat d&apos; itzak rabin démontre combien l&apos; on associe sa personnalité avec l&apos; espoir et la sécurité .
that sharon &apos;s stroke could be compared -- in terms of political consequences -- with the assassination of yitzak rabin demonstrates that his personality had become associated with hope and security .
the attack that mr sharon suffered , in terms of political consequences , was compared to the murder of itzak rabin , shows how much he is involved with hope and security .
it was possible to compare the attack on the attack suffered by mr sharon , in terms of political consequences , by the murder of itzak rabin , shows how much it is with hope and security .

d&apos; un autre côté , les critiques de ce calcul soulignent que le monde d&apos; aujourd&apos; hui est pauvre . le pib moyen annuel par tête , en parité des pouvoirs d&apos; achat , se situe à 5500 € environ .
on the other hand , critics point out that the world today is poor : average annual gdp per capita at purchasing power parity is roughly $ 7,000 .
on the other hand , the criticism of this calculation points out that today &apos;s world is poor , and the average annual gdp per head , in parity of purchasing powers , is about 5500 .
on the other hand , the criticism of this calculation points out that today &apos;s world is poor , and the average gdp per head , in the parity of purchasing powers , amounts to 5500 .

au kosovo , une telle clarté fait et a fait défaut ; en conséquence , l&apos; otan et l&apos; onu n&apos; ont pas d&apos; idée claire sur le moment ni sur la façon dont ils doivent tous deux se retirer .
in kosovo , such clarity is and has been absent ; as a result , nato and the un have no clear idea about when and how both should leave .
in kosovo , such clarity has been made and is lacking ; as a result , nato and the un do not have a clear idea at the moment or on the way in which they both have to withdraw .
in kosovo , such clarity has been made and lacking , as a result , nato and the un do not have a clear idea at the moment or how they both have to withdraw .

la démocratie , insinuait-il de façon plus inquiétante , lui permettrait « d&apos; éliminer » ( il ne s&apos; est pas attardé sur la signification exacte de ce terme ) la population opposée à ses idées .
democracy , he hinted more ominously , would enable him to &quot; eliminate &quot; --he did not dwell on the exact meaning of the word--those who did not .
democracy , it would appear to be more worrying , would enable it to &apos; eliminate &apos; ( it was not directed at the exact meaning of this term ) the people opposed to its ideas .
it would make democracy more worrying if it could &apos; eliminate &apos; ( it did not go into the exact meaning of this term ) the population opposed to its ideas .

c&apos; est du moins ce que nous devrions faire si nos actes reposent plus sur des principes moraux que sur le leitmotiv de léonid brejnev : « ce que nous avons pris , nous le gardons » .
at least , that is what we should do , if our actions are based on some moral principle , rather than that of leonid brezhnev : what we have , we hold .
it is at least what we should do if our actions are based more on moral principles than on leittiv de leontinknev : &apos; what we have done , we keep it . &apos;
it is at least what we should do if our acts are based more on moral principles than on leitmotiv &apos;s leittiliontojnev : &apos; what we have done , we keep it . &apos;

la pression totalitaire a en effet créé des hommes exceptionnels comme jean-paul ii et alexandre soljenitsyne , des personnes qui considèrent que la foi religieuse a acheté la liberté à partir des mensonges et de la solitude .
totalitarian pressure did , indeed , form exceptional people such as john paul ii and alexander solzhenitsyn , people for whom religious faith bought freedom from mendacity and solitude .
totalitarian pressure has indeed created exceptional men such as john paul ii and alexander solitsyrian , people who see religious faith bought freedom from lies and balances .
in fact , totalitarian pressure has created exceptional men such as john paul ii and alexander alexander solitsyn , people who believe that religious faith has bought freedom from lies and the balance .

ce qui s&apos; est passé en irak ne doit pas être surinterprété comme un modèle rigide de la politique américaine envers les pays qui font appel à des armes de destruction massive , qui soutiennent le terrorisme ou refusent la liberté à leurs citoyens .
what happened in iraq should not be over ? interpreted as a rigid template for us policy toward countries that pursue weapons of mass destruction , support terrorism , or deny people liberty .
what has happened in iraq must not be overinterpreted as a rigid model of us policy towards those countries which call weapons of mass destruction , which support terrorism or refuse freedom to their citizens .
what happened in iraq must not be overinterpreted as a rigid model of american policy towards those countries that call for weapons of mass destruction , which support terrorism or refuse freedom to their citizens .

la chine , le viêt-nam et l&apos; inde : tous trois ont désobéi pratiquement à toutes les règles du manuel du parfait néolibéral , même quand ils se sont lancés dans une voie plus axée vers les marchés .
china , vietnam , india : all three violated virtually every rule in the neoliberal guidebook , even as they moved in a more market-oriented direction .
china , vietnam , vietnam and india : all three have been sorry almost to all the rules of the neo-liberal handbook , even when they started in a more focused way towards the markets .
china , vietnam , india and india : all three have been sorry to almost all the rules of the neo-liberal liberal , even though they have taken a more oriented path towards the markets .

l&apos; allemagne a récemment été doublée en termes de revenu par tête par de nombreux pays de l&apos; ue , notamment l&apos; irlande , le royaume-uni , les pays-bas et la france , et sa croissance reste plus lente que les leurs .
germany has recently been overtaken in terms of per capita income by several eu countries , including ireland , the uk , the netherlands , and france , and is still growing more slowly than all of them .
germany has recently been double in terms of income per head of many eu countries , particularly ireland , the united kingdom , the netherlands and france , and its growth remains slow than their own .
germany has recently been doubled in terms of income per head of many eu countries , including ireland , the united kingdom , the netherlands and france , and its growth remains more slow than their own .

parce que ce qui est primordial , ce sont les intentions politiques et non capacités techniques , c&apos; est maintenant que le nmd crée des problèmes : il pousse la russie à la confrontation , rend la chine nerveuse et renforce un sentiment européen de désunion avec les etats-unis .
because political intentions , not technical capabilities matter , nmd creates problems now : it pushes russia into confrontation , heightens chinese nervousness , and underpins a european sense of estrangement from the us .
because what is important is the political and non-technical intentions , it is now that the nmd creates problems : it leads russia to confrontation , makes china nerve and strengthens a european feeling of disunity with the united states .
because what is essential is the political and non-technical intentions , it is now that the nmd creates problems : it leads russia to confrontation , makes china want and strengthens a european sense of disunion with the united states .

les riches luttent depuis longtemps contre les impôts nécessaires pour augmenter les investissements dans le secteur de l&apos; éducation et de la santé des pauvres , perpétuant ainsi les profondes divisions sociales et laissant de nombreux individus dépourvus de la santé et des compétences exigés par la compétitivité mondiale .
the rich have long fought against taxation needed to increase investment in the education and health of the poor , perpetuating deep social divisions and leaving many people without the health and skills that global competitiveness requires .
for a long time , rich people have fought against the necessary taxes to increase investment in the education and health sector of the poor , thereby perpetuating the deep social divisions and leaving many people without health and skills demanded by global competitiveness .
the rich have for a long time been fighting the taxes needed to increase investment in the education and health sector of poor people , thereby continuing the deep social divisions and leaving many people without health and skills required by global competitiveness .

berlin : comme de vieux chevaux redevenant fringants au son du clairon , les stratèges de la guerre froide , sentent leur taux d&apos; adrénaline augmenter tandis que la défense antimissiles revient à la une des journaux .
berlin : like old battle horses feeling young as the bugle sounds , cold war strategists are feeling the adrenalin mount as missile defense becomes front page news .
berlin , like old horses , becoming brothers of vision , the straitjacket of the cold war , feel their adnaline rate is increasing , while the defence of anti-missile is one of the newspapers .
berlin : as old horses that become a broker in the vicinity of the cold war , they feel their rate of adnaline and increase , while anti-missile defence is up to one of the newspapers .

laissons de côté l&apos; immoralité de la guerre , et dieu sait combien elle est immorale ! je souhaite attirer l&apos; attention sur cette capacité grandissante et sur la tendance des démocraties à « traiter » avec ( donc neutraliser ) l&apos; opinion publique .
leaving aside the immorality of this war--and immoral it is--i wish to draw attention to this increasing ability and inclination of democracies to &quot; deal &quot; with ( meaning neutralize ) public opinion .
let us leave aside the immorality of the war , and god knows how moral it is , and i would like to draw attention to this growing capacity and to the tendency of democracies to deal with &apos; with &apos; public opinion &apos; .
i would like to draw attention to this growing capacity and to the tendency of democracies to deal with the immorality of the war , and god knows how unmoral it is , and i would like to draw attention to this growing capacity and to the tendency of democracies to deal with the &apos; with &apos; , so to prevent public opinion .

en outre , les coûts hospitaliers annuels directs imputables aux effets indésirables se chiffreraient en milliards de dollars , et tout cela sans parler des souffrances causées par les effets secondaires qui ne mènent pas à l&apos; hospitalisation ( ou à la mort ) .
moreover , the direct annual hospital costs attributable to adr &apos;s run into the billions of dollars , and this does not include all the suffering that adr &apos;s cause that does not lead to hospitalization ( or death ) .
furthermore , the direct annual hospital costs that are responsible for the adverse effects would be estimated at usd 1 billion , and all this does not mention the suffering caused by the secondary effects that do not lead to hospital ( or death ) .
in addition , the hospital costs that are directly responsible for the undesirable effects would be usd usd billion , and all this would not mention the suffering caused by the secondary effects that do not lead to the development ( or death ) .

mais alors que l&apos; irak entre dans la spirale du chaos , les diplomates et les dirigeants de toutes nationalités se demandent à nouveau s&apos; il est approprié pour des alliances de nations ou pour la communauté internationale d&apos; intervenir lorsqu&apos; un pays souverain paraît incapable ou peu disposé à défendre ses citoyens contre des génocides , des crimes de guerre ou une épuration ethnique .
but as iraq spirals into chaos , diplomats and leaders everywhere are again asking themselves if it is ever appropriate for alliances of nations or the international community as a whole to intervene when a sovereign country appears unable or unwilling to defend its citizens from genocide , war crimes , or ethnic cleansing .
however , while iraq is in the spiral of chaos , diplomats and leaders of all nationalities are again asking whether it is appropriate for the alliances of nations or for the international community to intervene when a sovereign country appears incapable or little prepared to defend its citizens against genocide , war crimes or ethnic cleansing .
however , while iraq is in the spiral of chaos , diplomats and the leaders of all nationalities are once again asking whether it is appropriate for alliances from nations or for the international community to intervene when a sovereign country seems incapable or not prepared to defend its citizens against genocide , war crimes or ethnic cleansing .

ils ont ainsi supprimé la charge imposée à la génération suivante qui est en fait revenue aux investisseurs qui ne se sont pas retirés du marché des obligations aux premiers signes de la montée des prix ou qui ont retardé l&apos; acquisition de leur maison alors que l&apos; inflation aurait anéanti la valeur réelle de leurs créances hypothécaires .
they thus shifted the debt burden away from the next generation and onto investors who did not bail out of the bond market at the first sign of rising prices , or who postponed buying a house when inflation would have wiped out the real value of their mortgage debt .
in this way , they have removed the burden imposed on the next generation , which has actually returned to investors who have not withdrawn from the market from the obligations of the first signs of rising prices or delayed the acquisition of their homes while inflation would have made the real value of their mortgage creators .
in this way , they have removed the burden imposed on the next generation , which has in fact returned to investors who have not withdrawn from the market from the obligations to the first signs of price rise or who delayed the acquisition of their home when inflation would have the real value of their mortgages .

la réserve a attendu trop longtemps avant de lancer le processus de normalisation , et , de ce fait s&apos; est montrée plus agressive dans la baisse de ses taux lors la phase de baisse du cycle des taux d&apos; intérêt , elle a dû se montrer plus agressive dans leur relèvement lors de la phase de hausse .
the fed waited too long to start the normalization process , and , because it was more aggressive in lowering rates in the downward phase of the interest-rate cycle , it has had to be more aggressive in raising them in the upward phase .
the reserve has waited too long before launching the standardisation process , and this has proved to be more aggressive in the fall in its rates during the fall in interest rates , it has had to be more aggressive in their rise in the rise in the rising phase .
the reserve has waited for too long before launching the standardisation process , and this has proved to be more aggressive in reducing its rates during the fall of the rate of interest rates , it has had to be more aggressive in their raising phase .

d&apos; un certain point de vue , il est bon que les ministres des finances de la zone euro soient prêts à maintenir leur endettement national au plus bas à long terme : c&apos; est le signe que les victoires sur l&apos; inflation gagnées dans les années 1970 ne seront pas purement et simplement ignorées .
from one perspective , it is good that the euro zone &apos;s finance ministers are eager to keep their national debts low in the long term : it is a sign that the victories over inflation won in the 1970 &apos;s will not be casually thrown away .
from a certain point of view , it is good that the finance ministers of the euro zone are prepared to maintain their national debt at the lowest in the long term : it is the sign that the vicinity on inflation won in the 1970s will not be purely and simply ignored .
from a certain point of view , it is good that the finance ministers in the euro area should be prepared to maintain their national debt at the lowest in the long term : it is the sign that the victors on inflation won in the 1970s will not simply be ignored .

le sud et l&apos; est de l&apos; europe connaîtront l&apos; inflation , c&apos; est incontournable , car à mesure que les régions se développent et s&apos; industrialisent , les termes de l&apos; échange s&apos; améliorent , et sous l&apos; égide d&apos; une union monétaire , l&apos; inflation régionale peut constituer une étape à franchir .
there will , after all be inflation in southern and eastern europe -- there must be , for as regions develop and industrialize their terms of trade must improve , and under a monetary union regional inflation is how this can happen .
europe will know inflation , it is vital , since the regions develop and develop , the terms of exchange improve , and under the aegis of a monetary union , regional inflation can be a step forward .
the south and eastern europe will have inflation , which is essential , because the regions are developing and industrialised , the terms of exchange are improving , and under the auspices of a monetary union , regional inflation can be a step forward .

bien qu&apos; il semble prã <unk> maturã <unk> de parler , comme le font certains en allemagne , de &quot; crã <unk> puscule du chancelier &quot; ou de qualifier la dã <unk> cision surprenante de schrã <unk> der de &quot; dã <unk> but de la fin &quot; de son poste , il est parfaitement appropriã <unk> de la dã <unk> crire comme une perte de pouvoir consã <unk> quente .
while it seems to be premature to speak , as some in germany now do , of a &quot; twilight of the chancellor &quot; or to call schröder &apos;s surprising step &quot; the beginning of the end &quot; of his tenure , it is perfectly correct to describe it as a dramatic loss of power .
as a whole , as some people in germany are saying , we are talking about the &apos; crunch &apos; of the chancellor &apos; or to describe demaks &apos; as overlapping of the boarding of boarding &apos; , and we have to say that it seems that it seems that he is a commissioner for the european union , that he seems to be a question of the end of his post , he is perfectly aware of the fact that he has taken over his post , that he is perfectly aware of the fact that he is giving him a loss of power .
it seems that , although it appears that it has been enacted in the past , it seems to have been a lot of discussion , as some of you have said in germany , &apos; let us not forget &apos; the need for the chancellor to &apos; to &apos; be protected &apos; or to call for the doreticence of &apos; rder &apos; to &apos; dder dder &apos; , the purpose of the end of his post &apos; , it is perfectly appropriate to ensure that the dna should be used as a loss of intervention .

erika steinbach , présidente de l&apos; association des déportés ( de l&apos; est ) et membre de la cdu de stoiber , soutient que la question de la déportation des populations allemandes touche les polonais , les tchèques , les slovaques et les slovènes , englobant ainsi une grande partie de l&apos; europe de l&apos; est et de l&apos; europe centrale .
erika steinbach , president of the association of deportees ( from the east ) and a member of stoiber &apos;s cdu , argues that the issue of the deportation of german populations is one faced by poles , czechs , slovaks and slovenes , thus taking in most of east / central europe .
the president of the association of the east and the member of the cstoiber , supports the issue of the deportation of the german people , the czechs , the czechs , the czechs and the slovak people , the slovak members of the slovak republic , the slovak republic and the slovak republic , including a large part of eastern europe and central europe .
the chairman of the association of the east and of the stoiber group supports that the issue of the dismissation of the german people , the czechs , the czech republic , the czech republic , the czech republic , the czech republic , the czech republic , the czechs , and the republic , including a large part of eastern europe and central europe , is supported by the question of the denial of the german people of poles , the czechs , the czechs , the czechs , the czechs and the chechen people , including a large part of eastern and central europe .

