wirklich .
really .
really .
really .

danke schön .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

ein paar weniger .
a few less .
a few less .
a few less .

stephen watt .
this is stephen watt .
stephen watts .
stephen watts .

das war faszinierend .
and this was fascinating .
that was fascinating .
that was fascinating .

sehr unterschiedlicher begriff .
very different notion .
very different term .
very different term .

es hat sensoren --
it has sensors .
it has sensors .
it has sensors .

das wäre okay gewesen .
this would have been fine .
that would have been okay .
that would have been okay .

hier ist ein weiteres beispiel .
here &apos;s another example .
here &apos;s another example .
here &apos;s another example .

ja , hier ist es .
yes , there it is .
yeah , here &apos;s it .
yes , here it is .

hier sehen sie es nun .
so here it is .
here you see it .
so here you see it .

ist das auch deine meinung ?
is that your opinion ?
is that your opinion ?
is that your opinion ?

aber wo sind wir nützlich ?
but where are we of use ?
but where are we useful ?
but where are we useful ?

aber was machen wir damit ?
but what are we doing with it ?
but what do we do with this ?
but what do we do with this ?

wer sind diese verwandten ?
who are these cousins ?
who are these relatives ?
who are these relatives ?

damit sind wir zu viele .
and that means there are too many of us .
so we &apos;re too many .
so we &apos;re too many .

der eine ort ist südkorea .
one is south korea .
one place is south korea .
one place is south korea .

nun gibt es einen dritten satz .
i highlighted it here .
now there &apos;s a third sentence .
now there &apos;s a third sentence .

und es gibt hunderte von ihnen .
and there &apos;s hundreds of them .
and there are hundreds of them .
and there are hundreds of them .

wie viele leute würden kreativität wählen ?
how many people would choose creativity ?
how many people would choose creativity ?
how many people would choose creativity ?

ein autistischer schüler .
an autistic pupil .
an autistic student .
a autistic student .

aber es gibt zwei probleme dabei .
but there are two problems with that .
but there are two problems here .
but there are two problems in it .

und es beginnt mit einem arzt .
and it starts with one physician at a time .
and it starts with a doctor .
and it starts with a doctor .

dieser hat die größte auswirkung .
this is the one with the greatest impact .
this one has the biggest impact .
this has the biggest impact .

als nächstes : nuklearenergie .
next would be nuclear .
next : nuclear energy .
next : nuclear energy .

was ist mit langlebigkeit ?
what about longevity ?
what about longevity ?
what about longevity ?

auf jeden fall brauchen wir eine lösung .
we certainly need one to succeed .
anyway , we need a solution .
anyway , we need a solution .

war ein ziemlich ziemlich schickes projekt .
was a very a very fancy project .
it was quite a very fate project .
it was a pretty cool project .

ich mag wirklich gern schöne kleidung .
i like really nice clothes .
i like to really like beautiful clothing .
i really like beautiful clothes .

und das ziel dabei ist ganz einfach .
and the object of this is quite simple .
and the goal is very simple .
and the goal is very simple .

automatisch läuft er zum richtigen gedanken .
he &apos;ll automatically go to the right thought .
automatically runs to the right thought .
automatically runs to the right thought .

bei den menschen über den urin .
with people , it is released in the urine .
in the people about the urine .
in the people who are talking about uranium .

vollständig auf ein bestimmtes ziel gerichtet .
it &apos;s completely directed .
completely focused on a particular goal .
completely on a particular goal .

die schüler werden nach noten aufgeteilt .
it &apos;s separating students from a , b , c , d and so on .
the students are divided for grades .
the students are divided to notes .

sie hielten uns davon ab inspiriert zu werden .
they stopped us from being inspired .
they were inspired to be inspired by this .
they kept us inspired by being inspired .

das ist gewöhnlich nicht die route .
that &apos;s usually not the route .
this is usually not the route .
that &apos;s not the route .

wenn das nicht klappt , was dann ?
if this doesn &apos;t work , then what ?
if that doesn &apos;t work , what ?
if that doesn &apos;t work , what ?

was werden diese drei milliarden menschen mitbringen ?
what will these three billion people bring ?
what are these three billion people going to bring ?
what will these three billion people bring ?

wir können uns so selbst etwas schenken .
so , we can give ourselves a gift .
we can give ourselves something like this .
we can do something like this .

und hier kann man nochmal das ganze sehen .
and here can you see the whole thing again .
and here you can see the whole thing again .
and here you can see the whole thing again .

danke . ich habe eine frage an sie .
thank you . i &apos;ve got a question for you .
thank you . i have a question to you .
thank you . i have a question of you .

in zwei stunden baut sie sich überall ab .
in two hours it &apos;s biodegraded , wherever it is .
in two hours , they &apos;re building anywhere .
in two hours , they &apos;re building down everywhere .

in anderen bereichen - die welt der kommunikation .
in other domains -- the world of communications .
in other areas -- the world of communication .
in other areas -- the world of communication .

also , helfen sie mir mal ein bisschen dabei .
so give me a hand here .
so , help me a little bit about it .
so , help me a little bit .

es ist ein spiel , das foldit heißt .
it &apos;s a game called foldit .
it &apos;s a game called the following .
it &apos;s a game called the national character .

die dritte technik : kategorisierung .
the third technique : categorization .
third technique : categorization .
the third technique : categorization .

jetzt sehen sie den dalmatiner .
now you see the dalmatian .
now you see the dalmatiner .
now you see the dalmax ink .

die drei worte lauten : erinnern sie sich ?
the three words are : do you remember ?
the three words laugh : remember ?
the three words laugh : do you remember ?

das internet und dessen dienste ist ein wunder .
the internet and its services are a miracle .
the internet and the service is a miracle .
the internet and the service is a miracle .

ich werde nun das thema &apos; regierung &apos; wählen .
i &apos;m going to go ahead and select government .
i &apos;m going to choose the subject of the government .
i &apos;m going to choose the issue of government .

wir haben immer versucht bedeutende fragen zu stellen .
so , we &apos;ve always been trying to ask big questions .
we &apos;ve always tried to ask meaningful questions .
we &apos;ve always tried to ask major questions .

also zwei paare , jedes zeugt ein baby .
so two couples each conceiving one baby .
so two pairs , each parent is a baby .
so two pairs , every baby .

ich sprach also einige monate später bei einer konferenz .
so i spoke at a conference a couple months after that .
so i was talking a few months later at a conference .
so i spoke a few months later at a conference .

aber es ist definitiv keine optimalsituation .
but it is not , by any means , an optimal situation .
but it &apos;s definitely not a optimal situation .
but it &apos;s definitely not an optimal situation .

es gab keine cantaloupe-melonen .
there wasn &apos;t any cantaloupe .
there were no cancers .
there was no canop-owner melting .

jeder in meiner manhattener nachbarschaft ist weg .
everybody in my manhattan neighborhood is away .
everybody in my manhattan &apos;s neighborhood is away .
everyone in my work is gone away .

und wir haben dies auch bei mobiltelefonen gesehen .
and we &apos;ve seen this in cellphones .
and we &apos;ve also seen this in mobile phones .
and we &apos;ve also seen this in mobile phones .

ich habe meine aufgabe bei 95 kg angesetzt .
and i put my challenge on 95 kg .
i put my job in 95 .
i put my job at 95 pounds .

nun , ich verstehe das . das tue ich .
now , i understand it . i do understand it .
well , i understand that . i do .
well , i understand that . i do that .

und die welt in der wir lebten sah so aus .
and the world we used to live in looked like this .
and the world in which we lived like this .
and the world in which we lived in was like this .

jeder eisberg hat seine eigene individuelle persönlichkeit .
each iceberg has its own individual personality .
every icberg has its own individual personality .
every icberg has its own individual personality .

damit haben wir insgesamt 1,5 milliarden spieler .
it will bring us up to 1.5 billion gamers .
so we have 1.5 billion players .
so we have 1.5 billion players .

den hund ! ich war sprachlos vor neid .
the dog ! i was stunned with jealousy .
the dog ! i was linguistic .
the dog ! i was loud .

in jeden dieser fünf bereiche brauchen wir mindestens 100 menschen .
in each of these five paths , we need at least a hundred people .
in each of those five areas , we need at least 100 people .
in each of these five areas , we need at least 100 people .

sein ganzer arbeitsprozess hat sich danach geändert .
and his whole work process changed after that .
his biology process has changed after that .
his whole labor process has changed after that .

die logik macht keine aussage darüber , was gilt .
i can claim anything .
the logic doesn &apos;t make a statement about what &apos;s true .
the logic doesn &apos;t make any statement about what &apos;s true .

dies ist ein weiterer blick auf den baum des lebens .
this is another look at the tree of life .
this is another view of life on the tree of life .
this is another look at the tree of life .

wie würden sie besser sein wollen , als sie momentan sind ?
how would you like to be better than you are ?
how would you want to be better than you are right now ?
how would you want to be better than you &apos;re right now ?

wir laufen in die arme der placebo-industrie .
we leap into the arms of big placebo .
we walk into the poor of the placebo industry .
we walk into the poor of the placebo industry .

aber unsere leben sind so viel mehr als unsere erinnerungen .
but our lives are much more than our memories .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .

geschlecht kann also in vielen verschiedenen varianten auftreten .
so sex can come in lots of different varieties .
so gender can come up in many different varieties .
so gender can come into lots of different variations .

der größte unterschied zwischen ihnen ist der umgang mit zeit .
the biggest difference between them is in the handling of time .
the biggest difference between them is the transition with time .
the biggest difference between them is the transition with time .

man muss nicht viel geld ausgeben , um toll auszusehen .
you do not have to spend a lot of money to look great .
you don &apos;t have to spend a lot of money looking good .
you don &apos;t have to spend a lot of money to see great .

unsere schritte bei der digitalisierung des lebens waren exponentiell .
so , our pace of digitizing life has been increasing at an exponential pace .
our steps in the digitization of life were exponentially .
our steps in the digital life were exponentially exponentially .

das ist mein fleisch , und ich kann das herumdrehen .
that &apos;s my flesh , and i can twist that around .
this is my meat , and i can turn this around .
this is my meat , and i can turn that around .

... es dem crowdsourcing beachtung schenkt .
... paying attention to crowd-sourcing .
... the crowdsource of crowd-sourcing .
... it &apos;s the crowdsourcing .

es geht wirklich nur darum , verschiedene realitäten zu kombinieren .
it &apos;s just really about combining different realities .
it &apos;s really just about combining different realities .
it &apos;s really just about combining different realities .

wenn das kind geboren wird , sieht sie aus wie ein mädchen .
when the child is born , she looks like a girl .
when the child is born , she looks like a girl .
if the child is born , it looks like a girl .

in 25 jahren wird es von hier nach hier verschwunden sein .
in 25 years it &apos;s gone from this , to this .
in 25 years , it &apos;s gone from here to here .
in 25 years , it &apos;s gone from here to here .

vor einigen jahren fing ich an littlebits zu entwickeln .
a few years ago i started developing littlebits .
a few years ago , i started to develop litting-edge .
a few years ago , i started to develop litting-edge vity .

und mein vortrag heute wird hauptsächlich von diesen kognitiven fallen handeln .
and my talk today will be mostly about these cognitive traps .
and my talk today is mostly going to act of these cognitive biases .
and my talk today is maintained by this cognitive action .

ja , ich weiß nicht , was sich daraus ergeben wird .
yeah , i don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to come of this .
yeah , i don &apos;t know what it &apos;s going to be .
yeah , i don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to be done .

und sofort sehe ich ein anderes muster , das sich ergibt .
and , right away , i see there &apos;s a different pattern that emerges .
and immediately i see another pattern that &apos;s error .
and immediately i see another pattern that gives you .

dies entspricht 20 fuß meereshöhe , so wie grönland .
that &apos;s equal to 20 feet of sea level , as is greenland .
this is about 20 feet high altitude , like greenland .
this is just 20 feet of sea level , like greenland .

je nach seinem verhalten können wir die struktur und funktion voraussagen .
and how it folds dictates its structure and its functionality .
the more we can predict the structure of the structure and function .
the way we can predict the structure and function and function .

sind sie soweit ? sie sehen ein wenig nervös aus .
are you ready ? you look a little nervous .
are you so far ? you see a little bit nervous .
are you so far ? you see a little nervous .

aber auch unsere wahrnehmung selbst , wie täuscht sie uns denn auch .
but our perception , how it deceives us too .
but also our perception itself , as they fake us .
but also our perception of ourselves , as well as it gets us .

nun , wie fängt man an , die sprache der musik zu sprechen ?
so how do you start speaking the language of music ?
now , how do you start talking about the language of music ?
well , how do you start talking about the language of music ?

wenn wir uns anschauten , wie gefühle mit dem einkommen variieren .
when we looked at how feelings , vary with income .
when we looked at what we &apos;re looking at with income variation .
if we looked at how emotions with income .

wir wissen , dass geld sehr wichtig ist , ziele sind sehr wichtig .
we know that money is very important , goals are very important .
we know that money is very important , goals are very important .
we know that money is very important , goals are very important .

es stellt sich die frage , ob man das auf null bekommen kann .
and so the question is : can you actually get that to zero ?
it &apos;s the question of whether you can get it to zero .
it turns out if you can get that in zero .

sie müssen 62 verschiedene entscheidungen treffen um ihr auto komplett zu entwerfen .
you &apos;ve got to make 60 different decisions , completely make up your car .
you have to make 62 different decisions to design your car completely .
you have to make 62 different decisions to design your car completely .

manchmal verliere ich das gleichgewicht . eine geschichte zum schluss .
i sometimes get out of balance . i &apos;ll end with this story .
sometimes i lose the balance . a story to end .
sometimes i lose the equilibrium . a story to end .

wir nehmen bilder dieser mini-urknalle in detektoren auf .
we take the pictures of those mini-big bangs inside detectors .
we take pictures of these minimal buttons into detectors .
we take pictures of this mini-big bang all in detectors .

nun erwähnt er die mineralbedürfnisse von phytoplankton .
now , he &apos;s mentioning the mineral needs of phytoplankton .
now he mentioned the mineral need of physical lankton .
now he mentioned the mineral needs of physical lankton .

aber irgendwie schaffen wir es , uns von diesem problem abzunabeln .
but somehow we can insulate ourselves from this problem .
but somehow we &apos;re going to get it off this problem .
but somehow we &apos;re creating it from this problem .

56 % aller vergewaltigungsfälle kommen nicht vor gericht .
56 percent of all rape cases don &apos;t result .
56 percent of all nonviolent cases don &apos;t come from court .
56 percent of all violent cases don &apos;t come in front of .

natürlich kann dies nicht von einem menschlichen maschinenführer erledigt werden .
obviously , this cannot be done by a human operator .
of course , this can &apos;t be done by a human machine leaders .
of course , this cannot be done by a human machine .

im gegenteil , es handelt sich um eine komplexe metaphysische weltsicht .
on the contrary , it &apos;s a complex metaphysical worldview .
in the opposite , it &apos;s a complex metaphysical view .
in contrary , it &apos;s a complex physical world of physical view .

das heißt , man navigierte über klänge und über rhythmus .
that means they navigated through the use of sound and rhythm .
that means that you navigate across sound and about rhythm .
that means you &apos;re navigating about sound and rhythm .

und das ist es , was ich als doktorandin untersuchen wollte .
so , that &apos;s what i wanted to study when i was a graduate student .
and that &apos;s what i wanted to study as a ph.d. .
and that &apos;s what i wanted to study as a ph.d. .

und wenn die gefährdet sind , dann können wirklich schlimme dinge geschehen .
and when they are compromised , then real bad things can happen .
and if those are dangerous , then really bad things can happen .
and if the dangerous ones are , really bad things can happen .

ich glaube , dass an zu vielen orten das gegenteil von armut gerechtigkeit ist .
i actually think , in too many places , the opposite of poverty is justice .
i think that in many places , the opposite of poverty is injustice .
i think that in many places , the opposite of poverty is justice .

drei monate später war ich umgezogen und das abenteuer ging weiter .
three months later i had relocated , and the adventure has continued .
three months later , i moved , and the adventure went on .
three months later , i was moved , and the adventure went on .

es ist viel anspruchsvoller als alles , was wir jemals gesehen haben .
it &apos;s way above everything that we have ever seen before .
it &apos;s much more sophisticated than anything we &apos;ve ever seen .
it &apos;s much more sophisticated than anything we &apos;ve ever seen .

sie kannten jegliche bits und bytes , die sie angreifen mussten .
they knew all the bits and bites that they had to attack .
they knew jet bits and bygivers that they had to attack .
they knew jealous bits and byproduct that they had to attack .

es ist gleichzeitig ein echtzeit-3d-scan und eine bewegungsaufnahme .
it &apos;s both 3d scanning in real time and motion capture .
it &apos;s at the same time a real-time 3d scan and a movable recording .
it &apos;s at the same time a printing 3d scan and a motion shot .

über das einfache spielen hinaus , ist littlebits tatsächlich ziemlich leistungsstark .
so beyond simple play , littlebits are actually pretty powerful .
beyond the simple play , litting-edge is actually pretty powerful .
beyond the simple play , it &apos;s actually quite powerful .

und das ist das das kernanliegen von von den biohackern .
and that &apos;s that &apos;s the core concern of of biohackers .
and that &apos;s the core of the biohackers .
and that &apos;s the core of the biohackers .

fast hundert jahre später , in 1947 , kam lego hiermit heraus .
almost a hundred years later in 1947 , lego came up with this .
almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , lego came out with this .
almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , lego came out with this .

ein nuklearreaktor , der selbst eine lösung für den müll bietet .
it &apos;s a nuclear power plant that is its own waste disposal solution .
a nuclear reactor that offers a solution to the trash .
a nuclear reactor that provides a solution to the waste .

aber das passieren eine menge unnützer transporte und komplizierter dinge .
but there &apos;s a lot of wasted transportation and convoluted things happening .
but that &apos;s going to happen a lot of unuseful transportation and complicated things .
but this is going to happen a lot of unuseful and complicated things .

ich sagte : &quot; miguel , schlemmen sie nicht deinen fisch ? &quot;
i said , &quot; miguel , aren &apos;t they feasting on your fish ? &quot;
i said , &quot; miguel , don &apos;t you threw your fish ? &quot;
i said , &quot; miguel , don &apos;t you do your fish ? &quot;

ich erinnere mich daran ein kind beim spielen auf einer bodenschwelle zu sehen .
and i remember watching a kid playing on a car stop .
i remember seeing a child on a bow threshold .
i remember looking at a child playing on a boss wave .

das waren umsichtige leute , gebildete leute , anständige leute .
they were thoughtful people , educated people , decent people .
these were peculiar people , educated people , constant people .
these were careful people , trained people , angry people .

wenn man die falschen dinge wegwirft , hat man ein müllproblem .
if you throw the wrong things away , you have a waste problem .
if you throw the wrong things , you have a waste problem .
if you throw away the wrong things , you have a tilling problem .

an ihr war etwas , das machte , dass man immer in ihrer nähe sein wollte .
and she just had this quality that you always wanted to be near her .
you know , something that made you want to be near you .
she was something that made that you always wanted to be near her .

und wir können mit dieser großen batterie zwei millisekunden einmal rein-rausschalten .
and with this battery we can switch it on and off once for two milliseconds .
and we can turn on this big battery two milliseconds once .
and we can turn out with this big battery two milliseconds .

wenn sie mehr windkraft einander zubauen , fängt das system an zu scheitern .
if they use more wind power and start building everywhere , the system will start to fail .
when they build more wind together , the system begins to fail .
when you build more wind together , the system starts to fail .

um wirklich nah heran zu gehen , kann man bis zu den rissen gehen .
now just to get really deep in , you can really get to the cracks .
to really go close to that , you can go up to the risky .
to really go close to walking , you can go to the rises .

ich sagte : » ja . « und dann fingen wir an , zu diskutieren .
i said , &quot; yes , sir . i did . &quot; and we started arguing .
i said , &quot; yes . &quot; and then we started discussing animals .
i said , &quot; yes . &quot; and then we started discussing .

sie können das auch probieren mit worten wie rache oder gewinnsucht oder ähnlichem .
you can also try it with words like revenge or acquisitiveness and the like .
you can also try to do this with words like rains or winner or winner or similar .
you can also try to try to deal with words like rak or winner or winner or something like that .

ich zeige nur mal die top 500 der populärsten wikipediaseiten .
i &apos;m only showing the top 500 most popular wikipedia pages right here .
i &apos;m just going to show the top 500 of the most popular old-fashioned pediaks .
i &apos;m just showing the top 500 of the most popular pediaters .

dies ist in unserem ganzen land der zweitgrösste abfallfluss amerikas .
this , all over the country , is the second largest waste stream in america .
this is in our entire country &apos;s second largest waste flow flow flow .
this is in our country &apos;s second largest waste river river .

viermal so viele in den letzten 30 jahren wie in den vorhergegangenen 75 .
four times as many in the last 30 years as in the previous 75 .
four times so many years in the last 30 years , like in predicting 75 years .
four times in the last 30 years , in the previous canopy of 75 .

aber man brauchte sie nicht um die großen alltäglichen objekte um uns herum zu beschreiben .
but you didn &apos;t need it to describe the large , everyday objects around us .
but you didn &apos;t need them to describe the great everyday objects around us .
but you didn &apos;t need them to describe the great everyday objects around us .

mit 17 wurde sie die zweite frau eines mandarin , dessen mutter sie schlug .
at 17 she became the second wife of a mandarin whose mother beat her .
with 17 , she became the second wife of a mandarin whose mother she suggested .
at 17 , she became the second woman of a mandarin whose mother suggested her mother .

wir sagen den leuten , ach ja , ihr habt ja kein umweltbewusstsein im süden .
we tell people , oh well , you people in the south are not environmentally aware .
we tell people , yes , you don &apos;t have any environmental consciousness in the south .
we say the people , oh yeah , you have no environmental consciousness in the south .

sie wollen die entscheidung wirklich richtig treffen , wenn es für alle ewigkeit ist , richtig ?
you really want to get the decision right if it &apos;s for all eternity , right ?
you really want to make the decision right when it &apos;s all eternal , right ?
you really want to make the decision right when it &apos;s forever , right ?

bevor ich also heim nach brooklyn gehe , werde ich das alles wieder spenden .
so before i go home to brooklyn , i &apos;m going to donate everything back .
so before i go home to brooklyn , i &apos;m going to donate it again .
so before i go to brooklyn , i &apos;m going to end up doing everything again .

und jetzt einfach ein kleines bisschen durch meine haut und auf der anderen seite so wieder heraus .
ok , and then just through my skin a tiny bit , and then out the other side like this .
and just a little bit through my skin and on the other side of it .
and now , just a little bit through my skin and on the other side .

sieben millionen menschen sind auf bewährung entlassen oder mit bedingter strafaussetzung .
we have seven million people on probation and parole .
seven million people are released on currency or with conditions .
seven million people are turned on currency or with condition .

sie haben kein recht auf ihre eigenen fakten . &apos; tschuldigung , haben sie nicht .
you &apos;re not entitled to your own facts . sorry , you &apos;re not .
they don &apos;t have a right on their own facts . &apos; they don &apos;t have guilty .
they don &apos;t have a right to their own facts . &apos; &apos; debt , they don &apos;t have .

ich hatte es besser . all diese auswahl ermöglichte es mir es besser zu haben .
i did better . all this choice made it possible for me to do better .
i had it better . all this choice allowed me to have better .
i had better . all of these choices made me better .

also , sie verzichten ja nicht aufs essen , nur weil sie nicht kochen können .
so , you don &apos;t abstain from food just because you can &apos;t cook .
so , you &apos;re not going to eat , just because you can &apos;t cook .
so , they don &apos;t eat up , just because they can &apos;t cook .

diese gefühle haben wir nie , wenn wir spiele spielen , in spielen gibt es sie einfach nicht .
we never have those feelings when we &apos;re playing games , they just don &apos;t exist in games .
we never have that feelings when we play games , there &apos;s just no way they do .
we &apos;ve never got these feelings , if we play games , in games , it &apos;s not easy .

und zu meinem entsetzen hatte ich ihn nicht nur geschrieben , sondern auch ans gericht geschickt .
and to my horror , not only had i written it , but i had sent it to court .
and i had not only written him , but i also sent him to the court .
and i had not only written him , but also the court .

wodurch sich eine geschichte auszeichnet sind umbrüche , bedeutende augenblicke und enden .
what defines a story are changes , significant moments and endings .
what &apos;s called a story is umbrellas , important eyebrows and end .
what is a story of excellent is exposing , major eyewitness and unseen .

zu diesem zeitpunkt war ich der kardiologischen schicht im kardiologischen dienst zugewiesen .
at the time i was assigned to the cardiology service on a cardiology rotation .
at this point , i was the cardiological layer in the cardiological service .
at that point , i was the cardiological layer in the cardiological service .

es bedeutet , etwas hervorzubringen , dass in einem ist , das potenzial herauszukitzeln .
it means &quot; to bring forth what is within , to bring out potential . &quot;
it means that there &apos;s something that is in one case , the potential .
it means to make something that &apos;s in a place that makes the potential to tickle .

hier sind die 4 dinge die ich fand . als erstes : dringlichkeits-optimismus .
here are the four things i came up with . the first is urgent optimism .
here are the four things i found . first of all , urgency optimism .
here are the four things i found . first of all , drought optimism optimism .

die ersten schritte der geschichte , welche ich euch erzählt habe , dauerten eine milliarde jahre pro stück .
so the first steps of the story that i told you about took a billion years a piece .
the first steps of the story that i told you is a billion years of a year .
the first steps of history that i told you about , a billion years a piece of a piece .

dann die nächstens schritte , wie sprache und so weiter , dauerten weniger als eine million jahre .
then the next steps , like language and so on , took less than a million years .
then the next step , as language and so on , less than a million years .
then the next steps , like language and so on , less than a million years .

also , werde ich sie ihnen zeigen . das ist einer , zwei , drei , vier , fünf .
so , let me show them to you . that &apos;s one , two three , four , five .
so , i &apos;m going to show you . this is one , two , three , four , five .
so , i &apos;m going to show you . this is one , two , three , four , five .

das ist eine der erklärungen , die für die dominanz des erinnernden selbst gegeben wird .
that is one of the explanations that is given for the dominance of the remembering self .
this is one of the explanations that is given for the dominance of memory itself .
this is one of the explanations that is given to the dominance of memory itself .

wie gesagt , einer der derzeit größten stars – justin bieber – machte seinen anfang bei youtube .
i mean , as mentioned earlier , one of the biggest stars in the world right now , justin bieber , got his start on youtube .
as i said , one of the biggest stars at the moment -- justin performance -- made his beginning of youtube .
as i said , one of the biggest stars -- justin jews -- made his start with youtube .

es ging dabei immer um den versuch , die welt zu verstehen und die grenzen des möglichen auszuloten .
but it was all about trying to understand the world , understand the limits of possibility .
it was always trying to understand the world and understand the boundaries of the possible .
it was always about trying to understand the world and the boundaries of the possible .

sie sagen , dass alle dinge , die dort oben angezeigt werden , einem lebenszyklus folgen .
all the things that go up there , they said there &apos;s a life cycle .
they say that all of the things that are indicated up there will be a life cycle of life .
they say all things that are shown up there , a life cycle .

und ich würde jeden einmal einladen , sich damit zu befassen und auch mal selber was auszuprobieren .
and i would like to invite everyone to work on it and event try something yourselves .
and i would invite each time to deal with it , and even try to try and try to try and figure out what &apos;s going on .
and i would invite every time to deal with it , and also try to try and try and try to try to try .

und das alte sprichwort &quot; wenn es blutet , steigt die nachfrage &quot; ist sehr wahr .
and that old newspaper saying , &quot; if it bleeds it leads , &quot; is very true .
and the old saying , &quot; when it flowers , the demand is very true .
and the old word &quot; when it flows , the demand is very true . &quot;

und im verlauf der nächsten acht oder neun tage , ergaben sie sich dem geschehenen .
and over the course of the next eight or nine days , they resigned themselves to what was happening .
and over the next eight or nine days , they gave themselves the dish .
and over the course of the next eight or nine days , they gave up the eyebrow .

daher kamen wissenschaftler kürzlich zur auffassung , dass herodotus &apos; verrückte geschichte tatsächlich stimmt .
and so , recently , scientists have suggested that herodotus &apos; crazy story is actually true .
so scientists recently came to the notion that herotus was actually true .
so scientists recently came to the conclusion that herootus was actually true .

wie viele von ihnen haben den sieg von ibms supercomputer watson bei &quot; risiko &quot; gesehen ?
i mean , how many of you saw the winning of jeopardy by ibm &apos;s watson ?
how many of you have seen the victory of ibms of superhydrowatson at risk ?
how many of you have seen the seventh of ibm superwatson at risk &quot; risk ?

das ist der planet , auf dem wir leben . tun sie nicht so , als ob er das nicht ist .
that &apos;s the planet we live on . don &apos;t pretend it isn &apos;t .
this is the planet that we live on . they don &apos;t do it as if it &apos;s not .
this is the planet that we live on . don &apos;t do it as if it &apos;s not .

die kategorien müssen dem auswähler etwas sagen , nicht dem der die auswahl bereitstellt .
the categories need to say something to the chooser , not the choice-maker .
the categories have to say something that doesn &apos;t make the choice .
the categories have to say something , not the choice of choice .

was würden sie erledigen , das sie aufschieben , weil sie denken , sie wären für immer da ?
what would you get done that you &apos;re waiting to get done because you think you &apos;ll be here forever ?
what would you do , which you shoot you , because you think you &apos;re always going to be there ?
what would you do that you shoot , because you think you would be there forever ?

also habe ich angefangen , zu überlegen , was es ist , worin uns diese spiele zu meistern machen .
so , i &apos;ve started to think about what these games are making us virtuosos at .
so i started to think what it is , what it &apos;s like to do in these games .
so i started to think about what it is to make the games in our games .

wir wollten einfach mal wissen , was ist denn mit einer normalen , stinknormalen elektrochemischen batterie .
we just wanted to know what would happen with a normal , run-of-the-mill electrochemical battery .
we just wanted to know what is , because with a normal , normal electrochemical battery .
we just wanted to know what is because with a normal , normal electrochemical battery .

in in china heißt ein ein nachttopf heute noch honigtöpfchen , sozusagen , ja ?
in in china a a chamber pot is still called a honey pot , you could say , right ?
in china , a post-getted chopef today , sort of , like , yes ?
in china , a clonf is still in honeybee today , kind of , right ?

hier ist es nötig , das , was wir unter poli<unk> correctness verstehen , immer wieder anzubringen .
it &apos;s necessary to always use what you would call political correctness here .
this is needed to understand what we understand under polio corrupt , again , again , again .
here it is necessary to understand what we can understand under police correctly .

und also aus dem interesse daran , an dieser an dieser technologie , bin ich eben da weiter weiter reingegangen .
and so because of my interest in the in this technology , i went delved into it more .
and so , from the interest in this technology , this technology , i &apos;m just continued to go on .
and so from the interest in this technology , i went on there .

wir wissen ja aus jener studie , dass man zur nadel greifen muss , wenn es zur sache gehen soll .
and we know from that study that when you want reality , you go to the needle .
we know from this study that you have to attack the needle when it &apos;s going to go to the point .
we know from the study that you have to attack to the needle if it should go to the thing .

dieses referendum wird vorschlagen , das geld in mehr sicherheitskräfte und sicherheit zu investieren .
and this referendum would propose having those dollars go to law enforcement and safety .
this reference to suggest that money is investing in more security and security and security .
this one is going to beat the money to invest more money in more security behaving and security .

das ist ein spiel mit wörtern , das eine art mischung aus scrabble und boggle ist .
here we have a word game that &apos;s kind of like a mash-up between scrabble and boggle .
this is a game with words , which is a kind of miserable rabbit and bogness .
this is a game with words , which is a kind of mixture of scarce and boggggging .

wie uns peter erzählte produzieren sie nicht nur die höchsten türme , sondern auch die interessantesten strukturen von allen .
as peter tells us , not only do they produce the tallest structures , but they &apos;re the most interesting structures of them all .
as peter told us , they did not only produce the highest doors , but also the most interesting structures of all structures .
as peter peter told us , not just the highest turtles , but also the most interesting structures of all .

sie schieben die entscheidung auf -- schieben sie auf , selbst wenn es gegen ihr eigenes bestes interesse geht .
they &apos;re more likely to delay choosing -- procrastinate even when it goes against their best self-interest .
they shoot the decision -- they shoot them , even when it comes to your own best interest .
they shoot the decision -- shoot them , even when it comes to their own interest .

das erste beispiel setzt voraus , was viele von ihnen kennen und manche von ihnen schätzen , ganz wenige nur überhaupt nicht benötigen .
i &apos;m talking about the soul .
the first example of what many of you know and some of you appreciate , very few people don &apos;t need at all .
the first example is what many of you know , and some of you , very few of them don &apos;t need at all .

drei milliarden stunden pro woche sind nicht annähernd genug , um die dringendsten probleme der welt zu lösen .
three billion hours a week is not nearly enough game play to solve the world &apos;s most urgent problems .
three billion hours a week are not nearly enough to solve the most important problems in the world .
three billion hours a week , not nearly enough to solve the most challenging problems of the world .

ich weiß , dass wir es können , und soweit es mich betrifft ist das etwas , was die welt jetzt braucht .
i know that we can , and as far as i &apos;m concerned , that &apos;s something the world needs right now .
i know we can do it , and as far as it is me , it &apos;s something that needs the world now .
i know that we can , and as far as it is , something that needs the world now .

und sie enthält samen von seltenen pflanzen , sodass sie durch das wegwerfen zur artenvielfalt beitragen .
and it contains seeds of rare plants , so that when you throw it away you &apos;re contributing to biodiversity .
and they contain seeds of rare plants , so they contribute to the biodiversity of biodiversity .
and it contains from rare plants , so they contribute to the biodiversity of biodiversity .

ich bedaure das. bin aber aber ich versuche best möglich daraus zu lernen , um es andere weiterzugeben .
i &apos;m sorry about that , but i strive to learn one thing that i can pass on to other people .
i &apos;m a fortune . but i &apos;m going to try to learn from it to help other people continue .
i regret . but i &apos;m trying to learn best to learn from it to keep there .

und es ist egal , wie viele informationen wir betrachten , wie groß diese sammlungen sind oder wie groß die bilder sind .
and it doesn &apos;t matter how much information we &apos;re looking at , how big these collections are or how big the images are .
and it &apos;s no matter how many information we look at how big these collections are or how big the images are .
and it doesn &apos;t matter how many information we &apos;re looking at how big these collections are or how big the images are .

die meisten unserer ideen waren verrückt , aber es waren ein paar brillante dabei , und wir schafften den durchbruch .
most of our ideas were crazy , but a few were brilliant , and we broke through .
most of our ideas were crazy , but they were a few brilliant employees , and we made the breakthrough .
most of our ideas were crazy , but it was a couple of brilliant , and we managed to get through the breakthrough .

und das erste projekt ist etwas , dass wir vor ein paar jahren in zaragoza , spanien gemacht haben .
and the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in zaragoza , spain .
and the first project is something that we did a few years ago in apaza , spain .
and the first project is something that we did a few years ago in agoza , spanien .

das chromosom das in der zelle war hat keines ; die chromosomen die wir eingefügt haben schon .
the chromosome that was in the cell doesn &apos;t have one ; the chromosome we put in does .
the chromosome was a cell in the cell ; the chromosomes that we &apos;ve already felt .
the chromosome was in the cell ; the chromosomes we &apos;ve already felt .

bis zum heutigen tage empfinde ich tiefste ehrfurcht für das , was ich auf meinen tauchgängen sehe .
i still , to this day , stand in absolute awe of what i see when i make these dives .
until the days of today , i think the deepest honor for what i see on my dive .
until today , i feel profound honor for what i see on my passage .

ich meine , ich hoffe dass wir mit diesem digitalen medium der kunst gerecht werden , und sie ordentlich online repräsentieren .
i mean , i hope in this digital medium that we do justice to their artwork and represent it properly online .
i mean , i hope we &apos;re going to be talking to this digital medium of art , and represent them online .
i mean , i hope we &apos;re going to be talking to this digital medium of art , and they represent them online .

die armen apsaras waren tausende jahre in indras kammern gefangen , in einem alten muffigen buch .
these poor apsaras have been trapped inside indra &apos;s chambers for thousands of years in an old and musty book .
the poor sarapple was thousands of years in indras camps , in a old muffled book .
the poor saraas were killed for thousands of years in drentas , in an old muffy book .

noch schnell ein anderes beispiel für spüren : hier geht es nicht um menschen , sondern um dinge , die wir benutzen und konsumieren .
another quick example about sensing : it &apos;s not about people , but about things we use and consume .
again , another example of feeling : here it &apos;s not about people , it &apos;s about things that we use and consume .
again , another example of feeling : it &apos;s not about people , it &apos;s about things that we use and consuming .

im letzten herbst musste es insolvenz anmelden , denn diginotar war gehackt worden .
it was running into bankruptcy last fall because they were hacked into .
in the last fall , it had to be a solo melanas , because inotar was hacked .
in the last fall , it had to be inconvenient , because inerinary was hacked .

der große digitale sprengkopf -- wir erhielten einen einblick , indem wir uns sehr genau daten und datenstrukturen anschauten .
the big digital warhead -- we had a shot at this by looking very closely at data and data structures .
the big digital jump -- we got a glimpse by looking at very carefully data and looking at data .
the big digital leaf -- we got a glimpse by looking at very data and data structures .

hunderttausende unnötiger tode in einem land , das schlimmer als jedes andere von dieser krankheit geplagt wird .
hundreds of thousands of needless deaths in a country that has been plagued worse than any other by this disease .
hundreds of thousands of unnecessary towns in a country that gets worse than any other disease of this disease .
hundreds of thousands of devastats in a country that &apos;s worse than any one of these disease is posted .

und sie können es hier auch sehen , target , wii , mini von mini coopers und jetblue .
and you can see here too , target , wii , mini from the mini coopers , and jetblue .
and you can also see it here , the rawii , the mini mini of mini coopers and jetjet .
and you can also see it here , singi , mini , mini from mini cooper and jetone .

ich weiß nicht . sie wollten in die zeit zurück , bevor es autos gab oder twitter oder &quot; amerika sucht den superstar &quot; .
i don &apos;t know . they want to go back before there were automobiles or twitter or &quot; american idol . &quot;
i don &apos;t know . they wanted to go back to the time before there were cars or twitter , or &quot; america is looking for the superstar . &quot;
i don &apos;t know . they wanted to go back to the time before there were cars or twitter or america , the superstar .

heute sind drei menschen auf diesem planeten für jeden der im jahr 1946 existiert hat ; innerhalb von 40 jahren werden es vier sein .
there are now three people on the planet for every one of us that existed in 1946 ; within 40 years , there &apos;ll be four .
today , three people on this planet have existed for every year in 1946 ; within 40 years it will be four .
today , three people on this planet have existed for every year in 1946 ; within 40 years it &apos;s going to be four years .

und man kann diese töne in die sequenz einspeisen , die man wiederum in beliebigen mustern anordnen kann .
and you can inject these sounds into a sequence that you can assemble into the pattern that you want .
and you can put these sounds in the sequence of sequence that you can do in any given star patterns .
and you can store these sounds in the sequence that you can restore in any random star .

aber schlussendlich werden diese realitäten überschattet von leid , missbrauch , herabsetzung , ausgrenzung .
but ultimately , those realities are shadowed by suffering , abuse , degradation , marginalization .
but finally , these realities are dedicated by suffering , abuse , abuse , limitation , limitation .
but finally , these realities are overwhelmed by suffering , misuse , abuse , translation .

mir wurde damals klar , indem ich die punkte miteinander verband , dass es im leben nur darum geht ein großartiger vater zu sein .
i realized at that point , by connecting those two dots , that the only thing that matters in my life is being a great dad .
i realized at the time , by connecting the dots , that it &apos;s only about being a great father .
i realized then , by interacting the dots of each other , that it &apos;s about being a great father .

je mehr wahlmöglichkeiten menschen haben , desto mehr freiheit haben sie . und je mehr freiheit sie haben , desto mehr gemeinwohl haben sie .
the more choice people have , the more freedom they have , and the more freedom they have , the more welfare they have .
the more choice people have , the more freedom they have , and the more they have freedom they have , the more common they have .
the more choices have people , the more freedom they have , and the more freedom they have , the more they have .

ich gab ihr medizin , die wir diuretics nennen , wasser tabletten , so dass sie die flüssigkeit ausschied .
i gave her medications that we call diuretics , water pills , to get her to pee out the access fluid .
i gave her medicine that we called diureuts , water , so that they extend the fluid .
i gave her medicine that we call digiureus , water tabolet , so that it &apos;s the fluid .

nach was wir also als erstes suchten , waren systemfunktions- aufrufe , weil wir wissen , was diese bewirken .
so what we were looking for is , first of all , system function calls , because we know what they do .
so , after looking at what we were first looking for , systemic functioning , because we know what these things are going on .
so what we were looking for when we first looked at was systematically functioning , because we know what they &apos;re doing .

oder unregelmäßig aber in drei dimensionen , bei der das , was sich ändert , das licht ist , nicht die position der bildpunkte .
or in regular , but in three dimensions , where the thing that changes is the light , not the pixels &apos; position .
or unregularly , in three dimensions , in which what changes , the light is not the position of the points .
or unregularly in three dimensions , which changes what is , the light is not the position of the screen .

nicht jeder tag wird uns eine chance bieten , das leben eines menschen zu retten , aber jeder tag bietet uns die möglichkeit , eins zu verändern .
not every day is going to offer us a chance to save somebody &apos;s life , but every day offers us an opportunity to affect one .
not every day , we &apos;re going to offer a chance to save the life of a human being , but every day allows us to change the opportunity .
not every day we &apos;re going to offer us a chance to save the lives of a human , but every day each day gives us the opportunity to change one .

ich duschte gerade in einem hotelzimmer in sydney , als sie starb . 1000 km entfernt in melbourne .
i was taking a shower in a hotel room in sydney the moment she died 600 miles away in melbourne .
i just had a hotel room in a hotel room in sydney when she died . 1,000 miles away in bourne .
i just stayed in a hotel room in sydney , when they died , 1,000 miles away in bourne .

das passiert , wenn man versucht , diese unterbrochenen quellen über sagen wir 20 % - 30 % des verbrauchs zu bringen .
now , this shows up when you try to get the intermittent source to be above , say , 20 to 30 percent of what you &apos;re using .
this is what happens when you try to do these underpinny sources about 20 percent -- 30 percent of the consumer .
that &apos;s what happens when you try to get this underground sources about 20 percent -- 30 percent of the consumer .

wir wissen , dass glück hauptsächlich bedeutet , zufrieden zu sein mit menschen , die wir mögen , zeit zu verbringen mit menschen , die wir mögen .
we know that happiness is mainly being satisfied with people that we like , spending time with people that we like .
we know that happiness is mostly meant to be satisfied with people we like to spend time with people we like .
we know that happiness means to be satisfied with people we like time to spend time with people we like .

man könnte sagen , dass sie ein rezept ist für die zukunft guter lebensmittel , ob wir von barsch oder fleischrindern sprechen .
you might say it &apos;s a recipe for the future of good food , whether we &apos;re talking about bass or beef cattle .
you could say that it &apos;s a recipe for the future of good food , whether we talk about bark or cry .
you could say that they &apos;re a recipe for the future of good food , whether we &apos;re talking about compassion or meat .

und die , die schlimmer ist war die , wo der schmerz ganz am ende auf seinem höhepunkt war . es ist eine schlimme geschichte .
and the one that is worse is the one where pain was at its peak at the very end ; it &apos;s a bad story .
and the one that was worse is where the pain was at the end of the peak at his peak . it &apos;s a bad story .
and the worse is the fact where the pain was at the end of his peak . it &apos;s a bad story .

lego hat im wesentlichen den betonbaustein , den baustein der welt , genommen und daraus einen baustein für unsere vorstellungskraft gemacht .
lego has essentially taken the concrete block , the building block of the world , and made it into the building block of our imagination .
lego basically did the concrete building block , the building block of the world , and made a building block for our imagination .
lego has basically taken the cream block , the building block of the world , and made a building block for our imagination .

die dritte sache , die ich lernte – und zwar während die innere uhr beginnnt , &quot; 15 , 14 , 13 , ... &quot; herunterzuzählen ,
the third thing i learned -- and this is as your mental clock starts going , &quot; 15 , 14 , 13 . &quot;
the third thing that i learned -- and that &apos;s when the inner watch , &quot; 15 , 13 , 13 , 13 , 13 , 13 , ... &quot;
the third thing i learned -- while the internal clock is starting to start , &quot; 15 , 14 , 13 , ... &quot;

manchmal sagen mir leute , ich sähe aus , als ob ich &apos; verkleiden &apos; spiele oder dass ich sie an ihre siebenjährige erinnere .
sometimes people tell me that i look like i &apos;m playing dress-up , or that i remind them of their seven-year-old .
sometimes people tell me , i find out when i dressed the games , or i remember their seven-year-olds .
sometimes people tell me , i feel like i remind the clothes &apos; games , or i remember them at their seven-year-olds .

wenn hunderte von verschiedenen arten von jeans verfügbar sind , und sie kaufen eine die enttäuschend ist , und sie fragen warum , wer ist verantwortlich ?
when there are hundreds of different styles of jeans available , and you buy one that is disappointing , and you ask why , who &apos;s responsible ?
if hundreds of different kinds of jeans are available , and they buy a disappointment , and they ask why who is responsible ?
if hundreds of different kinds of different kinds of jeans are available , and you buy a deception , and you ask why , who &apos;s responsible ?

einige von ihnen werden sich erinnern , es war als italien gegen frankreich spielte , und dann am ende zidane , der kopfstoß .
some of you might remember , it was italy and france playing , and then zidane at the end , the headbutt .
some of you will remember it was as an italy against france , and then at the end of the zip , the head of the head .
some of you will remember it was when italy played to france , and then at the end of the head , the headline .

damit können die menschen , die ein meeresschutzgebiet sehen und die von dem einblick profitieren , den es ermöglicht , ihre normwerte zurücksetzen .
that is for people who can see a marine protected area and who can benefit from the insight that it provides , which enables them to reset their baseline .
you can see the people who see a marine protected area , and they can benefit from the insight that allows them to put their values back together .
so the people who can see a marine reserve area , and the insight of view of the view that it enables them to remove their values .

nun , wir können nicht alle die tom-marke sein , aber ich sehe mich oft an der schnittstelle von dark glamour und lässiger fliege .
well we can &apos;t all be brand tom , but i do often find myself at the intersection of dark glamor and casual fly .
well , we can &apos;t all be the tom-up march , but i often look at the interface of glamour and neglect fly .
well , we can &apos;t be all the tom-marks , but i often look at the interface of glamour and reliable fly .

ich bezeichne es als das &quot; in leben bin ich schlecht &quot; -gesicht . und es ist tatsächlich mein gesicht , sehen sie ? ja ? ok .
this is what i call the &quot; i &apos;m not good at life &quot; face , and this is actually me making it . can you see ? yes . good .
i call it the &quot; life in life , &quot; i &apos;m bad face . &quot; and it &apos;s actually my face , you see ? yes ? ok .
i call it as &quot; life in life , &quot; i &apos;m bad face . and it &apos;s actually my face , you see ? yes ? ok .

die frage war einfach , rechnet das war zweitausend2006 , haben die ersten kontakte mit der insel angefangen , rechne doch einfach mal durch .
the question is just , calculate that was in two thousand and six , the first contact started with the island , so just work that out .
the question was simple , calculating that was two thousand times , the first contact with the island started , but just by the time .
the question was simple , the math was two thousand 2006 , the first contact with the island , but it was just about .

und das sind nicht die merkmale der alten medien und sie treffen auch kaum auf die medien von heute zu , aber sie werden die unterhaltung der zukunft bestimmen .
and these are not characteristics of old media , and they &apos;re barely true of the media of today , but they will define the entertainment of the future .
and these are not the features of the old media , and they &apos;re not hardly meeting the media from today , but they &apos;re going to determine the conversation of the future .
and these are not the features of the old media , and they &apos;re not hardly meeting the media of today , but they &apos;re going to determine the entertainment of the future .

in anderen aspekten des lebens , die sehr viel bedeutsamer als das kaufen von gegenständen sind , trifft die selbe explosion der auswahlmöglichkeiten zu .
so , in other aspects of life that are much more significant than buying things , the same explosion of choice is true .
in other aspects of life , which are much more significant than buying the counterparts of objects that are the same explosion of choice .
in other aspects of life , which are very significant than buying the circumstances of circumstances , the same explosion of choice .

wie zum beispiel ein nachtlicht funktioniert , oder warum die türen des aufzugs offenbleiben , oder wie ein ipod auf berührung reagiert .
for example , how a nightlight works , or why an elevator door stays open , or how an ipod responds to touch .
like , for example , a nightmare works , or why the doors of the threshold , or how an ipod responds to touch .
like , for example , a native light works , or why the doors remain of the doors , or how a ipod responds to touch .

ich bin ein lance armstrong fan , also klicke ich hierhin wodurch sich mir alle ausgaben zeigen in denen lance armstrong erwähnt wird .
i &apos;m a lance armstrong fan , so i &apos;ll go ahead and i &apos;ll click on that , which reveals , for me , all the issues in which lance armstrong &apos;s been a part of .
i &apos;m a lance armstrong fan , so i &apos;m clicking out of this , and i &apos;m going to show up all of my spending in the lance armstrong armstrong .
so i &apos;m a lance armstrong , so i click on this with all of you who are going to talk about to me in the lance of armstrong armstrong .

wir alle bewegen uns auf eine welt zu , in der die naturgewalten der technologie näher kommen und in der magie und technologie sich annähern können .
we &apos;re moving , we &apos;re all moving here , to a world where the forces of nature come closer together to technology , and magic and technology can come closer together .
we &apos;re all going to move to a world where the nature of technology is getting closer and closer to magic and technology and technology can relate to .
we &apos;re all moving to a world where the natural technology is closer to the technology of technology and in the magic and technology can be approached .

und ich habe 30 tage damit verbracht , nichts als dies hier zu essen -- spaßig am anfang , ein bisschen schwierig in der mitte , sehr gefährlich am ende .
and i spent 30 days eating nothing but this -- fun in the beginning , little difficult in the middle , very dangerous in the end .
and i spent 30 days trying to eat this as a food here -- walk at the beginning , a little bit difficult in the middle , very dangerous .
and i spent 30 days living , nothing like this to eat here -- walk at the beginning , a little hard in the middle , very dangerous .

natürlich war das ein ausgefranstes , altes synonym-wörterbuch . ich hab mir einfach gedacht , dass die ausgabe schon ziemlich alt sein muss .
you know , of course , this is my raggedy old thesaurus so i &apos;m thinking this must be an ancient print date , right ?
of course , this was an excellent , old synthetic dictionary , and i just thought that the outcome has to be pretty old .
of course , this was a extinct , algeous dictionary book , and i just thought that the copy has to be pretty old .

aber man könnte an einen völlig neuen ort gehen , ein komplett neuen wohnblock bauen , vorausgesetzt die gesetze dort würden einen solchen bau unterstützen und ihn nicht behindern .
but you could go out someplace brand new , build a brand new apartment building , as long as the rules there were ones that facilitated construction rather than getting in the way .
but you could go to a completely new place , a completely new block that would predict the laws that were going to support a building like this and not prevent it .
but you could go to a completely new place , a completely new way to build a new block that would support the laws there and not prevent it .

lustigerweise mussten wir auch noch in den parkplatz einbrechen , wir fühlten uns also zurecht als ein teil der sprüher-szene .
the funny thing was , we had to break into the parking lot too , so we totally felt like we were legit in the whole graf scene too .
we also had to break down in the parking space , so we felt quite a part of the shoe scene .
luckily , we also had to break into the parking space , so we felt quite a part of the scenes .

ich sagte : &quot; miguel , ist ein gut gedeihender vogelbestand nicht das letzte , das man auf einer fischaufzucht haben möchte ? &quot;
i said , &quot; miguel , isn &apos;t a thriving bird population like the last thing you want on a fish farm ? &quot;
i said , &quot; miguel , is a good bird of avian aviation not to have the last thing you want to have on a fish ? &quot;
i said , &quot; miguel , is a good egg not the last one that you want to stop on a fish ? &quot;

selbst obwohl das getriebe auswählen , mir nichts über meine vorlieben bei der innenausstattung sagt , bereitet es mich immer noch darauf vor auszuwählen .
even though choosing gearshift doesn &apos;t tell me anything about my preferences for interior decor , it still prepares me for how to choose .
even though the gear choosing , i don &apos;t want to say anything about my front of the inner statement , it still enables me to choose .
even though the drives choose , nothing about my preferences at the inner level , it still takes me to choose .

dies ist ein bild von einem großen , neuen stadtzentrum , das in südkorea gebaut wurde- großer als das stadtzentrum bostons .
this is a picture of a big , new city center that &apos;s being built in south korea -- bigger than downtown boston .
this is a picture of a big , new urban center built in southern korea -- the big city of the city .
this is a picture of a big , new urban town , which is built in south korea -- big as a city of boxes .

aber bevor ich ihnen zeige , was ich darin habe , werde ich ein sehr öffentliches geständnis machen , und das ist : ich bin besessen von outfits .
but before i show you what i &apos;ve got inside , i &apos;m going to make a very public confession , and that is , i &apos;m outfit-obsessed .
but before i show you what i &apos;ve got to do , i &apos;m going to make a very public , and that &apos;s : i &apos;m obsessed with output .
but before i show you what i &apos;m going to do , i &apos;m going to do a very public , and that &apos;s : i &apos;m obsessed with food .

in der tat könnte man sagen , dass die unausweichlichkeit des todes unseres körpers in der evolution im gleichen moment eintritt wie die sexuelle fortpflanzung .
in fact , you could say that the inevitability of the death of our bodies enters in evolutionary time at the same moment as sexual reproduction .
in fact , in fact , you could say that the inevitability of death in our bodies of evolution is in the same moment as sexual activity .
in fact , in fact , you could say that the inevitability of the death of our body in evolution in the same moment as the sexual activity .

hier drüben simulieren wir das ganze übertragungsleitungsystem , die kilometer-physik der kabel , um sozusagen das schwingungsverhalten im netz abzubilden .
over here we simulate the entire transmission guidance system , the cable &apos;s kilometer physics , to illustrate the vibration behavior , so to speak , in the network .
over here , we simultaneously simulate the entire transmission system , the miles of physics , to sort of form the cable behavior in the net .
so over here , we simulate the whole transmission system , the miles of physics physics , to form the vibration behavior in the net .

wie sie also sehen können , liegt meine begeisterung darin , neue mensch-computer-schnittstellen zu entwickeln , die besser zu dem passen , wie unsere gehirne und körper arbeiten .
so , as you can see , my passion is for making new human-computer interfaces that are a better match to the ways our brains and bodies work .
so as you can see , my excitement is to develop new computer interfaces that fit better like our brains and our bodies .
so as you can see , my enthusiastic is to develop new computer interface interface , which is better to adapt to how our brains and bodies work .

nun , wenn man beginnt , die idee zu betrachten , dass diese kulturen verschiedene realitäten kreieren können , kann man einige ihrer außergewöhnlichen entdeckungen verstehen . z.b. diese pflanze hier .
now , if you begin to look at the idea that these cultures could create different realities , you could begin to understand some of their extraordinary discoveries . take this plant here .
now , if you start to look at the idea that these cultures can create different realities , you can understand some of their extraordinary discoveries , like this plant here .
now , when you start to look at the idea that these cultures can create different reality , you can understand some of their extraordinary discoveries , like this plant .

der grund dafür , dass ich mich schlechter fühlte war , mit all diesen verfügbaren möglichkeiten , meine erwartungen dafür , was für ein gutes paar jeans ausmacht , gingen hoch .
the reason i felt worse is that , with all of these options available , my expectations about how good a pair of jeans should be went up .
and the reason that i felt bad for me was with all these available possibilities , my expectations for making a good news for a few good jeans .
the reason that i felt worse was , with all these available possibilities , my expectations for what a few good jeans went up .

man muss zwei dinge klar trennen : zum einen die medizinische tatsache , amputiert zu sein und zum anderen die gesellschaftliche meinung darüber , ob ich behindert bin oder nicht .
there &apos;s an important difference and distinction between the objective medical fact of my being an amputee and the subjective societal opinion of whether or not i &apos;m disabled .
you have to separate two things out : to be a medical fact , to be amputated and to the other social opinion about whether i am disabled or not .
you have to separate two things : to be a medical fact , to be a medical fact , and to the other social opinion , whether i &apos;m disabled or not .

ein organismus konnte also zum beispiel lernen , eine bestimmte frucht nicht zu essen , weil sie schlecht schmeckte und ihn krank machte , das letzte mal als er sie gegessen hat .
so an organism could , for instance , learn not to eat a certain kind of fruit because it tasted bad and it got sick last time it ate it .
so an organism could learn , for example , a certain amount of fruit , because it was bad and made him sick , the last time he was eating them .
so a organism could learn to eat a certain fruit because they made bad taste and made it sick , the last time he eaten it .

und es stellt sich heraus , dass wenn man es schafft , dass etwas sich konkret anfühlt , es ein sehr gutes werkzeug ist , damit man die menschen dazu bringt mehr zu sparen .
and it turns out that making it feel more concrete can actually be a very positive tool to use in getting people to save more .
and it turns out that when you make it , it makes something concrete , it &apos;s a very good tool to save the people more .
and it turns out that when you make it , it feels like something concrete , it &apos;s a very good tool to save people more .

lassen sie uns zurück in meine welt der medizin transferieren , in der ich mich um einiges wohler fühle oder vielleicht auch ein bisschen weniger wohl nach dem ich mit ihnen darüber gesprochen habe .
now let &apos;s take this back into my world of medicine where i &apos;m a lot more comfortable , or perhaps a bit less comfortable after what i &apos;m going to talk to you about .
let &apos;s go back to my world of medicine , where i feel a lot more comfortable , or maybe a little less likely to talk to you about it .
let &apos;s go back to my medicine in medicine , where i feel a lot of well-being , or maybe a little bit less likely to talk to you about it .

aber auch angebracht . denn es stellt sich heraus , dass wir , indem wir diese ganze zeit aufs spielen verwenden , tatsächlich das verändern , wozu wir als menschen in der lage sind .
but it &apos;s also apt . because it turns out that by spending all this time playing games , we &apos;re actually changing what we are capable of as human beings .
but also , because it turns out that we use all of these time , in fact , to change what we are as human beings .
but also , it turns out , because it turns out that we use this whole time to actually change what we &apos;re really changing as people in the world .

wenn wir uns einen der gründungsväter der modernen demokratie ansehen , dr. martin luther king , bietet er uns in seiner &quot; ich habe einen traum rede &quot; eine art lösung an .
if we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , dr. martin luther king , he offers us something of a solution in his &quot; i have a dream &quot; speech .
if we look at one of the founding democracy of modern democracy , dr. martin luther king , he offers us in his &quot; i have a dream of a kind . &quot;
if we look at one of the foods of modern democracy , dr. luther luther king , he offers us in his &quot; i have a dream &quot; a kind of solution .

wenn leute diesen befund ernst nehmen würden , ich meine , es scheint alles auf den kopf zu stellen , alles , was wir glauben , zum beispiel in bezug auf steuerpolitik und so weiter .
if people took seriously that finding , i mean , it seems to turn upside down everything we believe about , like for example , taxation policy and so forth .
if people would take that seriously , i mean , it seems to put everything on your head , everything we believe , for example , in tax politics and so on .
if people would take this seriously , i mean , it seems to put everything on the head , everything we believe , for example , in tax policy and so on .

und letztendlich , glaube ich , ist es ziemlich offensichtlich , zumindest für diejenigen von uns , die zu diesen entfernten zielen der erde gereist sind , zu erkennen , dass sie überhaupt nicht entfernt sind .
and finally , in the end , i think it &apos;s pretty obvious at least to all of all us who &apos;ve traveled in these remote reaches of the planet , to realize that they &apos;re not remote at all .
and finally , i think it &apos;s pretty obvious , at least for those of us who are too disturbing on earth to realize that they &apos;re not at all .
and finally , i think it &apos;s pretty obvious , at least for those of us who have traveled to the distance of the earth , to recognize that they &apos;re not away at all .

und in diesem szenario stellen sie sich vor , dass in einem fall das sperma ein y chomosom trägt , das auf das x chromosom der eizelle trifft .
and in this scenario , i want to imagine that , in one case , the sperm is carrying a y chromosome , meeting that x chromosome of the egg .
and in this scenario , imagine that in a case , the sperm is wearing a chomosom that hits the chromosome of the chromosome .
and in this scenario , imagine that in a case , a chma chomosom , which is true on the chromosome of the cell .

ich denke , &quot; frisch &quot; ist ein super wort , dass diese kategorie wirklich zu etwas positivem macht , im gegensatz zu &quot; bekämpft geruch und feuchtigkeit . &quot;
i think &quot; fresh &quot; is a great word that really spins this category into the positive , versus &quot; fights odor and wetness . &quot;
i think , &quot; fresh , &quot; is a great word that this category really makes something positive , as opposed to death and wet and humidity . &quot;
i think , &quot; fresh &quot; is a great word that this category really makes something positive , in contrary , as opposed to &quot; weak and weak . &quot;

während ich das tue , werde ich ihnen auch einige der lektionen mitgeben , die ich , ob sie es glauben oder nicht , aus diesen abenteuern gelernt habe , nichts neues zu tragen .
so as i do this , i &apos;m also going to tell you a few of the life lessons that , believe it or not , i have picked up in these adventures wearing nothing new .
while i &apos;m doing that , i &apos;m also going to give you some of the lessons that i think you believe it or not , i &apos;ve learned from those absent , nothing new .
while i &apos;m doing that , i &apos;m going to give you some of the lessons that i think you &apos;re in or not learning from these absence , nothing new .

die spannende phase kam als wir dieses stück inerte chemikalie nahmen und in ein bakterium gaben , und das bakterium begann den genetischen code zu lesen und machte virale partikel .
the exciting phase came when we took this piece of inert chemical and put it in the bacteria , and the bacteria started to read this genetic code , made the viral particles .
the exciting phase came when we took this piece of chemistry and put it into a bacterium , and the bacterium started to read the genetic code and viral particles .
the exciting phase phase was when we took this piece of chemistry , and in a bacterium to try to read the bacterium , and the bacteria started to read the genetic code and made it viral particles .

das bedeutet , achtung , wenn sie das jetzt wissen , achten sie drauf , wen sie wie lange anschauen , weil ich übernehme da keine gewähr für , was dann eben entsprechend passieren kann .
that means , attention , now you know that , pay attention to how long you look at someone , because i will not be held responsible for what might happen .
that means that , if you know this now , look at what you look like for a long time , because i don &apos;t have to take any watts for what &apos;s going to happen .
that means , lighting , if you know this now , pay attention to who you look at how long you look like , because i don &apos;t have a chose for what &apos;s going to happen .

aber ich wette , dass ihn das spielen mit der bodenschwelle eine sehr wertvolle lektion lehrte , nämlich das große dinge dich nicht einfach vorbei lassen , und dass sie an einer stelle bleiben .
but i bet playing with this car stop taught him a really valuable lesson , and that &apos;s that large things don &apos;t let you get right past them , and that they stay in one place .
but i bet that the playing with the bow is a very valuable lesson , which is that the big things don &apos;t just leave you up , and that they stay in a place .
but i bet it &apos;s playing with the bosnia , a very valuable lesson , which doesn &apos;t just leave you with the big things , and that you &apos;re going to stay in a place .

es gibt viele betriebe , die sich gerne in amerika ansiedeln würden , besonders an einem ort mit einer freihandelszone , und es gibt viele menschen , die gerne dort wohnen würden .
there &apos;s lots of businesses that would like to locate in the americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there &apos;s lots of people who &apos;d like to go there .
there are a lot of drives that would like to look at america in america , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there &apos;s a lot of people who &apos;d like to live there .
there are lots of operators that would like to look at in america , especially in a place with a free zone , and there are lots of people who would like to live there .

usability bedeutet immer , wie kann ich möglichst schnell ein gewisses ziel erreichen oder wie kann ein nutzer in einem bestimmten nutzungskontext möglichst effektiv , effizient und zufriedenstellend ein ziel erreichen .
usability always means how can i reach a goal as soon as possible or how can a user reach a goal in a certain user context in an as effective , efficient and satisfying way possible .
useless always means that i can do a way of reaching a certain goal , or how a user could be done in a certain usable context , effective , efficient and satisfying a goal .
and so as much as i can quickly achieve a goal , or how can we use a user in a particular context in a specific context , efficient and satisfaction a goal .

er wird immer noch , wegen seiner früheren geschichten , mit dem skeptiker-camp assoziiert , aber er hat verstanden , dass das eine sehr einsame gruppe ist und deshalb bringt er jetzt das forschungsargument .
he &apos;s still , because of his earlier stuff , still associated with the skeptic camp , but he &apos;s realized that &apos;s a pretty lonely camp , and so , he &apos;s making the r &amp; amp ; d point .
it &apos;s still going to be , because of his early stories , associated with the skeptic camp , but he understood that this is a very lonely group of group , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s now getting the research .
he &apos;s still going to be , because of his early stories , with the skeptical camp , but he understood that this is a very common group , and so he &apos;s now the research argument .

bei beiden ist es nicht zu spät damit anzufangen , um herauszufinden , ob sie es nicht doch können , oder zu lernen , wie man diese kleinen muskeln , die die stimmbänder einstellen , richtig benutzt .
in both cases , it &apos;s not too late to start , to find out whether you might not after all be able to sing , or to learn how to properly use these little muscles that attune the vocal chords .
in both of them , it &apos;s not too late to try to figure out if they can &apos;t , or learn how to hire these little muscles that are using the recipients , right .
in both of them , it &apos;s not too late to figure out if they can &apos;t , or learn to learn how to put these little muscles that are voting .

also extrahierten und dekompilierten wir den angriffs- code und fanden heraus , dass er in zwei digitale sprengköpfe aufstrukturiert ist -- einen kleineren und einen größeren .
so we extracted and decompiled the attack code , and we discovered that it &apos;s structured in two digital bombs -- a smaller one and a bigger one .
so extracted and decompanied , we found the attacker code , and found that he &apos;s embedded in two digital heads -- is a smaller and bigger .
so extracted and decomposed , we found the angriffin code -- and found that he was embedded in two digital stores -- a smaller and bigger .

es liegt in unseren händen und wir haben das ganze potenzial hier , um das leben zu ändern von zukünftigen generationen -- nicht nur für die soldaten , oder für amanda hier und alle rollstuhlfahrer , sondern für alle .
it &apos;s in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change the lives of future generations -- not only for the soldiers , or for amanda here and all the wheelchair users , but for everyone .
it &apos;s in our hands , and we have the whole potential here to change the life of future generations -- not just for the soldiers , or for amanda , and all the wheelchair here , but for all of us .
it &apos;s in our hands , and we have the whole potential here to change the lives of future generations -- not just for soldiers , or for the soldiers here , or amanda drivers , but for all of us .

sie sehen das bild des platzes circo massimo , wo , seit der römischen zeit , die menschen zum feiern hingehen – um eine große party zu haben , und sie sehen den ausschlag am ende des tages .
you see the image of the place called circo massimo , where , since roman times , people go to celebrate , to have a big party , and you see the peak at the end of the day .
you see the image of the plaque is like simo maso , where , since the tubes time , people go to the celebration -- to have a big party , and you see the impact on the end of the day .
you can see the image of the plain massimo , where since the tube has been looking for time to celebrate people to celebrate -- to have a big party , and you see the impact on the end of the day .

wir fingen dann an , über musik zu sprechen , angefangen von bach über beethoven , brahms , bruckner und all die anderen bs , von bartók bis hin zu esa-pekka salonen .
and we started talking about music , from bach to beethoven and brahms , bruckner , all the b &apos;s , from bartók , all the way up to esa-pekka salonen .
we then started talking about music , starting from beef to beethoven , brahms , bruckers and all the other bs , from bartok to eskka salka .
we then started talking about music , from bach to beethoven , brave , brutbacks , and all the other , from barbs to miclona .

ich ordnete das röntgen der nieren an . als das ohne befund war , stellte mein kollege bei der wiedervorstellung des patienten eine verhärtung im unteren rechten sektor fest und rief die operateure .
i ordered a kidney x-ray . when it turned out to be normal , my colleague who was doing a reassessment of the patient noticed some tenderness in the right lower quadrant and called the surgeons .
i did the x-ray of the kidneys , and when that was without a fund , my colleague of the patient was restored in the interior area of the patient at the bottom of the lower sector , and the operators called the operational operations .
i put the x-ray of the kidney , and when that was without the fund , my colleague was recruiting the idea of the patient &apos;s disease in the lower sector and called the operations .

weil , dass ich die dinge wie die stückchen greifen kann , touchen kann und sie kommen auf mich zu , ist wesentlich natürlicher als wenn über hierarchisch organisierte webseiten oder andere mechanismen sozusagen diese dinge zugänglich machen kann .
because the fact that i can grab hold of things like these little pieces , that i can touch them and they come to me , is considerably more natural than when i am able to make these things accessible via hierarchically organised websites or other mechanisms so to speak .
because that &apos;s because i can understand things like the bits , touch touches , and it can come up to me , it &apos;s much more natural than if there &apos;s lots of hierarchical websites like this , or other things that can make this kind of stuff available to me .
because i can understand the things like the piece of pieces , you can get it , and it &apos;s a lot more natural than if you think about hierarchy websites or other mechanisms can make these things accessible .

also habe ich einen weiteren mit fakten gefüllten vortrag gehalten , der eine grafik wie dieses beinhaltet hat , die versucht zu verdeutlichen , dass , wenn man viel wert schaffen will in einer stadt , es eine sehr große stadt sein muss .
so i presented another fact-filled lecture that included a slide like this , which tried to make the point that , if you want to create a lot of value in a city , it has to be very big .
so , i &apos;ve given another one with facts , which includes a graph like this , which has tried to contemplate that if you want a lot of value in a city , it has to be a very large city .
so , i gave another one of the facts with facts , which has been a graph like this , trying to realize that if you want to create much value in a city , it has to be a very big city .

der film brachte zwar kein geld ein , genau gesagt spielte er gerade mal seine produktionskosten ein , doch bemerkte ich etwas faszinierendes : das publikum auf der ganzen welt war wie hypnotisiert vom zauber , der davon ausging .
and even though the film didn &apos;t make any money -- barely broke even , i should say -- i witnessed something amazing , which is that the audience , the global audience , was mesmerized by this apparent magic .
the film didn &apos;t make a money , exactly , he was playing his production costs , but i noticed something fascinating : the audience was like novelized by the nover of the magic .
the film didn &apos;t take a money , just said , he just played his production costs , but i noticed something fascinating : the audience in the world was like hypnover from the magic that went out of it .

der andere hut , den ich bei meiner arbeit getragen habe , ist der der aktivistin , als patientinnenanwältin -- oder , wie ich manchmal sage , als ungeduldige anwältin -- von menschen , die patienten von ärzten sind .
the other hat that i &apos;ve worn in my work is as an activist , as a patient advocate -- or , as i sometimes say , as an impatient advocate -- for people who are patients of doctors .
the other hut that i &apos;ve been wearing with my work is the activist , as a patient priesthood -- or , as i say , sometimes as an impatient lawyer -- people who are physicians from doctors .
the other hut that i &apos;ve contributed in my work is the activist , as a patient doctor lawyer -- or like i sometimes say , as a patient &apos;s impatient -- people who are physicians .

wir arbeiten in einem system in dem jeden tag fehler passieren , in dem ein von 10 medikationen entweder eine falsche oder falsch dosiert ist , in dem krankenhausinfektionen immer und immer zahlreicher werden und verwüstung oder tot verursachen .
we work in a system where errors happen every day , where one in 10 medications are either the wrong medication given in hospital or at the wrong dosage , where hospital-acquired infections are getting more and more numerous , causing havoc and death .
we &apos;re working in a system where every day is going to happen , in which a 10 medicines of medicines are either false or wrong , in the hospital infections , and more and more fulfillers and more precious or dead things .
we &apos;re working in a system in which every day is going to happen , in which a 10 medications of medicines are either a false or wrong , in the hospital , and they &apos;re always getting more and more and more and more and more affordable or dead things .

nehmen sie zum beispiel dieses kind der barasana im nordwesten des amazonas , das volk der anakonda , glauben , dass sie mythologisch den milchfluss vom osten her im bauch von heiligen schlangen heraufkamen .
take , for example , this child of a barasana in the northwest amazon , the people of the anaconda who believe that mythologically they came up the milk river from the east in the belly of sacred snakes .
for example , take this child from the northana in the west of the amazon , the people of the anakonan , believe that they had mythologically come from the milky way in the middle of the trees .
for example , if you take this child from the barasana in the north of amazon , the people of the people of anacongress , believe that they had the mythologically river from the east to the sacred .

letztes jahr habe ich diese beiden folien gezeigt , um zu veranschaulichen , dass die arktische eiskappe , die für annähernd drei millionen jahre die grösse der unteren 48 staaten hatte , um 40 prozent geschrumpft ist .
last year i showed these two slides so that demonstrate that the arctic ice cap , which for most of the last three million years has been the size of the lower 48 states , has shrunk by 40 percent .
last year , i showed these two slides to illustrate that the arctic ice caps that had been nearly three million years of the lower 48 states , 40 percent by 40 percent .
last year , i showed these two slides to illustrate that the arctic eggs , which had been close to three million years of the bottom of the bottom 48 states , about 40 percent .

ich begann damit , wissenschaftliche literatur durchzuarbeiten , darüber wie diese zentrifugen in natanz gebaut werden und fand heraus , dass sie strukturiert sind in sogenannten kaskaden , und jede kaskade enthält 164 zentrifugen .
i started to research scientific literature on how these centrifuges are actually built in natanz and found they are structured in what is called a cascade , and each cascade holds 164 centrifuges .
i started working with scientific literature , working on how these centrifuge were built in nateway , and found that they were structured in what they called the kakkacapacity , and every kaskage in 164 .
i started working through scientific literature about how these centrifuges are built in natance , and found that they were structured in something called kaskage , and every kaskage of 164 centrives .

was ich stattdessen mache , und was auch die designer von thinking machines machen , ist , wir denken auf einer gewissen abstraktionsebene , übergeben diese der maschine und die maschine macht daraus etwas , das unsere fähigkeiten weit übersteigt , besser und schneller als wir es selber jemals machen könnten .
instead , what i do and what the designers at thinking machines do is we think at some level of abstraction and then we hand it to the machine and the machine takes it beyond what we could ever do , much farther and faster than we could ever do .
what i &apos;m doing instead , and what the designers are doing , is we &apos;re thinking on a certain abstract level , which is that the machine and the machine does something that makes our skills far better , and better than we could ever do .
what i do instead of doing , and what designers are doing by the designers , is we think we &apos;re thinking about a certain abstract , and the machine of this machine and the machine makes something that &apos;s going to make our skills better , and faster than we could ever do it .

und ja , also , man sieht , es ist relativ relativ heterogen , also das gibt es halt von leuten , die das alleine daheim machen , bis hin zu großen also größeren organisationen , die halt das mehr formal auch schon in institutionalisierter form schon betreiben .
but always always with this this approach , that it should be simple and accessible .
and yes , you see , it &apos;s relatively heteroous , so there are people who make the home alone , up to large organizations that are more likely to be used in institutional form .
and yes , you see , it &apos;s relatively heterotic , so there are people who are going to go home to the home , so much larger organizations that are already going to do this in institutional form .

bei einigen der folgenden expeditionen habe ich wesen in thermalquellen gesehen , und manchmal dinge , die ich noch nie vorher gesehen hatte , manchmal auch dinge , die überhaupt noch niemand zuvor gesehen hatte und für die die wissenschaft zum zeitpunkt , als wir sie sahen , noch gar keine worte gefunden hatte .
as we did some of our subsequent expeditions , i was seeing creatures at hydrothermal vents and sometimes things that i had never seen before , sometimes things that no one had seen before , that actually were not described by science at the time that we saw them and imaged them .
in some of the following expeditions , i &apos;ve seen creatures in thermal sources , and sometimes things that i &apos;ve never seen before , sometimes things that had never seen before , that nobody had ever seen before , and for the science of science at the time , when we saw them , we didn &apos;t even find words .
at some of the following expeditions , i saw creatures in thermal sources , and sometimes things that i had never seen before , sometimes things that nobody had seen before , and for the science at the time , when we saw them , didn &apos;t find words .

wie können diese menschen aus einer flora von 80.000 arten adstringierender pflanzen diese zwei morphologisch nicht verwandten pflanzen finden , die , wenn auf diese weise kombiniert , eine art von biochemischer version schaffen , so dass das ganze größer als die summe seiner teile ist ?
how , in a flora of 80,000 species of vascular plants , do these people find these two morphologically unrelated plants that when combined in this way , created a kind of biochemical version of the whole being greater than the sum of the parts ?
how can these people come from a flora of 80,000 species of inconvenient plants find these two morphologically unrelated plants that combined when combined this way , create a kind of biochemical version , so that all that the sum is bigger than the parts of its parts ?
how can these people get from a flora from 80,000 species , these two morphonia plants , not related to plants that can be combined by combined in this way , a kind of biochemical version that this is bigger than the parts of its parts ?

aber da nur eine firma , eine agentur bereit war , uns zu helfen -- und das auch nur , weil ich john bond und richard kirshenbaum seit jahren kenne -- stellte ich fest , dass ich es allein tun musste , ich musste den mittelsmann umgehen und direkt mit meinem team zu den firmen gehen .
but with only one company , one agency willing to help me -- and that &apos;s only because i knew john bond and richard kirshen<<unk>> for years -- i realized that i would have to go on my own , i &apos;d have to cut out the middleman and go to the companies myself with all of my team .
but only there was a company , an agent was ready to help us -- and that &apos;s just because i know john bond and richard shensha tree for years -- i realized that i had to do it alone , i had to deal with my team and my team with my team .
but there was just a company , an agent was willing to help us -- and that &apos;s just because john bond and church and richard church has been known for years -- i realized that i had to do it alone , i had to go directly to the middle east and go to my team .

diese älteren menschen kommen jetzt zu mir und sagen : » mr , stevenson , sie reden , sie halten vorträge . sie sagen den menschen , dass sie aufhören sollen zu sagen , dass wir es zum ersten mal in der geschichte unserer nation mit terrorismus zu tun haben : nach dem 11. september . «
and these older people come up to me now and they say , &quot; mr. stevenson , you give talks , you make speeches , you tell people to stop saying we &apos;re dealing with terrorism for the first time in our nation &apos;s history after 9 / 11 . &quot;
now , these older people come to me and say , &quot; mr , stevenson , they talk , they talk about it . they tell people that they should stop saying that they should stop saying that we have the first time to do it in the history of our nation with terrorism : after 9 / 11 . &quot;
these older people are coming to me now and say , &quot; mr , stevenson , you &apos;re talking , you &apos;re talking to people . tell people to say that we should say that we should have the first time to do it in our nation with terrorism : after 9 / 11 . &quot;

nicht durch die neuesten mähdrescher- und traktor-erfindungen , sondern durch fruchtbares land , nicht durch pumpen , sondern durch frisches wasser , nicht durch kettensägen , sondern durch wälder , und nicht durch fischerboote und netze , sondern durch fische im meer .
not by the latest combine and tractor invention , but by fertile land ; not by pumps , but by fresh water ; not by chainsaws , but by forests ; and not by fishing boats and nets , but by fish in the sea .
not through the latest abyss -- and trac-torial inventor , but through fruit land , not by pumps , but by pump , not by fresh water , not by slower , but by the forests , not by fishing and not fishermen and chickens , but by the fish .
not by the latest mimics and trajectory , but through fruits of fruit land , not through fertilizers , not through pump , but through fresh water , not through cash , but through forests , but through forests , not by fishing and fishing and flats , but through the ocean .

was ich ihnen zuerst , so schnell wie möglich , zeigen werde , ist die grundlegende arbeit , eine neue technologie , die wir microsoft als teil einer übernahme vor genau einem jahr , übergeben haben . das ist seadragon . und es ist eine umgebung , in der sie entweder lokal oder entfernt mit riesigen mengen von visuellen daten umgehen können .
what i &apos;m going to show you first , as quickly as i can , is some foundational work , some new technology that we brought to microsoft as part of an acquisition almost exactly a year ago . this is seadragon , and it &apos;s an environment in which you can either locally or remotely interact with vast amounts of visual data .
what i &apos;m going to show you first is how fast i &apos;m going to show you as quickly as possible , is the basic work , a new technology that we have as a piece of microsoft as a surplus a year ago , which is transmiton . and it &apos;s a gon , and it &apos;s a environment that you can either be able to be able to remove huge amounts of visual data from visual data .
first of all , what i &apos;m going to show you is what i &apos;m going to show you , as quickly as possible , is the fundamental work , a new technology that we have as a part of a part of a year ago , which is just a year ago , and that &apos;s the seadgion , and it &apos;s a environment that &apos;s either able to be able to be able to get some kind of visual data from .

und wenn man sich dann teilweise die software , die wir eben gesehen haben , darauf anschaut , dann wird man auch verstehen , warum neunundneunzig prozent unserer heutigen software wenig intuitiv oder nicht auf anhieb nutzbar ist , das i-pad in vielen bereichen oder i-phone entsprechend eingeschlossen , obwohl &apos; s schon wesentlich intuitiver ist als klassische software .
and if you look at some of the software in those terms , then you &apos;ll understand why ninety-nine percent of today &apos;s software is less intuitive or not instantaneously usable , including the ipad in many areas or the iphone , although it &apos;s already a lot more intuitive than classical software .
and then , if you look at the software that we &apos;ve just seen , look at it , you &apos;ll also understand why neanderthal percent of our software or not quite intuitively designed on ib , which is the ipad in many ipad , or in many cases , even though it &apos;s intuitive , even though it &apos;s more classic than software .
and then , if you look at the software that we &apos;ve seen , you &apos;re looking at it , then you &apos;re also going to understand why neanderthals are unintuitive of our current software today , or not very intuitive or useless , in many areas , in many areas , even though it &apos;s more intuitive than classical software .

vor ein paar jahre wurde der lasker-preis dem wissenschaftler shinya yamanaka verliehen für seine forschung in der er eine erwachsene hautzelle nahm , eine fibroblasten , und durch die manipulation von nur vier genen , die zelle induzierte , um sie zu einer pluripotenten stammzelle zurückzuführen - eine zelle potentiell in der lage ist beliebige zelle in deinem körper zu werden .
a couple of years ago , the lasker prize was awarded to the scientist shinya yamanaka for his research in which he took an adult skin cell , a fibroblast , and by manipulating just four genes , he induced that cell to revert to a pluripotential stem cell -- a cell potentially capable of becoming any cell in your body .
a few years ago , the laser prize at the university of shinya shamyamana was abandoned for his research in which he took a adult skin , a broader blade , and through the manipulation of just four cell , to bring them into a pluripotent cell cell , a potentially potentially possible cell in a cell .
a couple of years ago , the laser scientist shinya asyanya amyanan exploration for his research in which he took a normal skin , a broader , and through the manipulation of only four , the industrial cell to bring them back to a plug cell -- a potential cell in a potentially possible cell .

und als diese personen kamen und schauten , wer der beste protein-ordner der welt ist , war dies kein mit-professor , auch kein caltech-student , es war jemand aus england , manchester , eine frau , die tagsüber als assistentin der geschäftsleitung in einer reha-klinik arbeitete und nachts die beste protein-ordnerin der welt war .
and when these individuals went and looked at who was the best protein folder in the world , it wasn &apos;t an mit professor , it wasn &apos;t a caltech student , it was a person from england , from manchester , a woman who , during the day , was an executive assistant at a rehab clinic and , at night , was the world &apos;s best protein folder .
and when these people came and looked at who was the best proteins in the world , this was not a professor , caltech student , who was not a tech student , but a tech student , somebody from a chester woman , a chester , who , who , when the chairs of the business in a health clinic and worked in a clinic and worked the best proteins in the world at night .
and when these people came and looked at these people and looked at the best proteins in the world , this was not a professor professor , not a caltech student , it was a tech student , somebody from england , a woman who worked on a lawyer , who was working on a lawyer at night in a lawyer at night , who was the best time and the dna of the world .

zum beispiel verwendeten frauen , die das wahlrecht anstrebten , das konzept der gründungsväter , das sagt , dass anatomische gemeinsamkeit wichtiger ist als der anatomische unterschied , und sagten , &quot; dass wir eine gebärmutter und eierstöcke haben ist als unterschied nicht bedeutsam genug , dass wir nicht das wahlrecht haben sollten , das recht auf volle staatsbürgerschaft , das recht eigentum zu besitzen , etc , etc. &quot;
what happened was women , for example , who wanted the right to vote , took the founding fathers &apos; concept of anatomical commonality being more important than anatomical difference and said , &quot; the fact that we have a uterus and ovaries is not significant enough in terms of a difference to mean that we shouldn &apos;t have the right to vote , the right to full citizenship , the right to own property , etc . , etc . &quot;
so , for example , women used the idea of founding anxious , the concept of choice , the law of choice , the concept of the founder , the concept of the founder , says that atoms are more important than atomic , and said , &quot; we have a mother , and we have a difference as a mother , and we don &apos;t have enough significance enough , that we don &apos;t have the right to have the right to have right to do the citizenship on the citizenship , etc . &quot;
so , for example , women used the law , the right to the voters , the voting , the voted concept , the concept of the founder , says that nuclear is more important than the nuclear difference , and that we said that a difference is not a difference , and that we don &apos;t have enough difference , that we don &apos;t have the right amount of choice to have the right to have the right to be right , the right to be right , to be right , to have the law , to be right .

