kreativität .
creativity .
creativity .
creativity .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

allein darüber .
just because of that .
it &apos;s just about it .
just about it .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

hier ist sie .
here it is .
here it is .
here it is .

es ist schrecklich .
it &apos;s horrible .
it &apos;s terrible .
it &apos;s terrible .

das ist das system .
that &apos;s the system .
this is the system .
this is the system .

fliegende katze .
fly away , cat .
flying cats .
flying cat .

oh , also der .
oh , that guy .
oh , so the one .
oh , the one .

woher wissen wir das ?
how do we know that ?
how do we know this ?
how do we know that ?

das wird er nicht machen .
it won &apos;t .
it &apos;s not going to do that .
it &apos;s not going to do that .

was müsste alles getan werden ?
what needed to be done ?
what would everything be done ?
what would you have to do ?

die daten kamen herein .
the data came back .
the data came in .
the data came in .

hier sehen sie die stadt .
here you see the city .
here you see the city .
here you see the city .

also , was bedeutet das ?
well , what does that mean ?
so what does that mean ?
so , what does that mean ?

das klingt verrückt , oder ?
now , this sounds crazy , right ?
that sounds crazy , right ?
that sounds crazy , right ?

das entscheidende aber ist , ...
but the point is ...
but the key is ...
but the key thing is ...

was müssen wir also tun ?
so , what do we have to do ?
so what do we have to do ?
so what do we need to do ?

das kann man nämlich trainieren .
because you can train that .
that &apos;s what you can train .
that &apos;s what you can train .

das ist ein spiel für draußen .
this is a game for outside .
this is a game outside .
this is a game outside .

was ist also der nächste schritt ?
so what was the next step ?
so what &apos;s the next step ?
so what &apos;s the next step ?

schmeckt auch nicht sehr gut .
it doesn &apos;t taste very good either .
don &apos;t taste very well .
don &apos;t be very good .

jeder braucht ein goldfischglas .
everybody needs a fishbowl .
everybody needs a goldfish glass .
everyone needs a goldfish glass .

ich rede viel über diese fragen .
i talk a lot about these issues .
i &apos;m talking a lot about these questions .
i talk a lot about these questions .

es wird ihnen immer ähnlicher .
it will start to look more and more like you .
it will always be similar to you .
it will always be similar to you .

wollen sie jeans mit löchern ?
do you want them distressed ?
do you want jeans with holes ?
do you want to solve jeans ?

wir können das nicht einfach machen .
it is impossible to present such things in a society that is supposed to function .
we can &apos;t just do that .
we can &apos;t just do that .

ich fing also einfach an zu spielen .
so , i just started playing .
so i just started playing .
so i just started playing .

in der annahme von vielleicht zwei prozent .
thinking , you know , two percent .
in the assumption , maybe two percent .
in the assumption of maybe two percent .

unsere zeitschriften werden von millionen gelesen .
our magazines are read by millions .
our magazines are read by millions .
our magazines are read by millions .

wer würde sich jemals eines wünschen ?
who could ever wish it on their own ?
who would ever have a wish ?
who would ever wish one wish ?

eine milliarde menschen werden heute hungern .
one billion people will go hungry today .
a billion people are going to be hungry today .
a billion people are going to be hungry today .

und der hängt an phosphor .
and that has to do with phosphorus .
and that depends on phosphorus .
and that depends on phosphorus .

wir haben eine art gleichgewicht erreicht .
we have reached a kind of equipoise .
we &apos;ve reached a kind of balance .
we &apos;ve reached a kind of balance .

sie haben buchstäblich den hebel umgelegt .
they literally flipped the switch .
they literally exposed the pile .
they literally put the heel .

all diese generationen benötigen nur wenige millisekunden
well every one of those generations just takes a few milliseconds .
all of these generations require only a few milliseconds .
all these generations need just a few milliseconds .

er zog sich in die stille zurück .
he retreated into silence .
he moved back to the silence .
he moved back into the silence .

wir können sie unterstützen , gut zu sein .
we can support them in doing good .
we can support them , be good .
we can support them to be good .

ich bin ein experte für beziehungen . &quot;
i &apos;m an expert in relationships . &quot;
i &apos;m an expert for relationships . &quot;
i &apos;m an expert for relationships . &quot;

es kann wissen , wie wir es halten .
it can know how we &apos;re holding it .
it can know how we hold it .
it can know how we keep it .

auch die dosierung spielt eine rolle .
dosage has something to do with this .
also , the dosization plays a role .
the domain also plays a role .

ich versuche das mal anhand eines beispiels .
i &apos;ll try to do that using an example .
i &apos;m trying to do that for a moment .
i &apos;m trying to do that for an example .

schütz die umwelt , mach weniger müll .
protect the environment , produce less rubbish .
shake the environment , make less trash .
shake the environment , make less waste .

dieses land ist anders als vor 40 jahren .
this country is very different today than it was 40 years ago .
this country is different than 40 years ago .
this country is different than 40 years ago .

ich sagte : » ich werde zuhören . «
i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to listen . &quot;
i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to listen . &quot;
i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to listen . &quot;

mann 3 : ich bin der schmusetyp .
i &apos;m the pet guy .
man three : i &apos;m the museum guy .
man 3 : i &apos;m the museum museum .

man geht umher und amüsiert sich .
you move around , you have fun .
you go around and wash up .
you go around and shoot .

aber die realität ist immer unvorhersehbar .
but then reality &apos;s always unpredictable .
but reality is always unpredictable .
but the reality is always unpredictable .

es ist großartig , aber ich war verliebt .
it &apos;s great , but i was in love .
it &apos;s great , but i was in love .
it &apos;s great , but i was in love .

wir sind mitten in diesem übergangpunkt .
we &apos;re right at that point of transition .
we &apos;re in the middle of this transition dot .
we &apos;re in the middle of this transition .

was wir wollen , ist die zukunft zu schaffen .
what we want to do is make the future .
what we want to do is create the future .
what we want to do is create the future .

das hat so noch niemand auf der welt gemacht .
nobody on this planet has done that in this way .
that &apos;s not what nobody else did in the world .
that &apos;s what nobody did in the world .

und wir erhöhen unsere erwartungen ständig weiter .
and we keep setting our expectations higher and higher .
and we increase our expectations all the time .
and we increase our expectations continuously .

das beste kommt aber noch – in einer sekunde .
the best is yet to come -- so in a second .
the best part is coming -- in a second .
but the best thing is -- in a second .

warum machen wir das ? warum machen wir das ?
why do we do that ? why do we do that ?
why do we do that ? why do we do that ?
why do we do that ? why do we do that ?

in meiner arbeit habe ich ganz einfache dinge gelernt .
i &apos;ve learned very simple things doing the work that i do .
i &apos;ve learned very simple things in my work in my work .
in my work , i learned very simple things .

überall liegen diese windeln rum , nahezu .
these nappies are everywhere practically .
all the wind is going down to almost like that .
all of these wind are going to be almost like that .

wir haben es in den letzten 11.000 jahren gemacht .
we made it over the last 11,000 years .
we did it in the last 11,000 years .
we &apos;ve done it in the last 1,000 years .

aber was mit &quot; citizens connect &quot; passiert ist anders .
but what happens with citizens connect is different .
but what happens to people &apos;s research is different .
but what happens to be different with muslims .

sie wollten absolut nichts mit dem projekt zu tun haben .
they wanted absolutely nothing to do with this project .
they wanted to have nothing to do with the project .
they didn &apos;t want to do anything with the project .

diese blöden filme bringen uns kein geld ein .
we don &apos;t make money at these damn shows .
these blocks don &apos;t bring us money .
these silly movies don &apos;t bring us a money .

gut , wirklich gut , vielleicht ein all-star .
good , really good , maybe an all-star .
well , really good , maybe a all-star .
all right , really good , maybe a all-star .

wir haben die leidenschaft eines diy-innovatoren .
we have the passion of the diy innovator .
we have the passion of a dictionary innovators .
we have the passion of a dirt innovators .

da entsteht eine verbindung , ein gegenseitiger respekt .
creates a bond , creates a bond of respect .
there is a connection , a mutual respect .
there &apos;s a connection , another respect .

sie brauchen das , und wir geben es ihnen nicht .
they need it , and we &apos;re not giving it to them .
they need that , and we don &apos;t give them .
they need that , and we don &apos;t give them .

ein weiteres lieblingsbild von mir , sternennacht .
so another one of my favorites , &quot; the starry night . &quot;
another favorite picture of me , star night .
another favorite picture of me , star night .

es gibt einige stellen , an die wir uns wenden können .
we &apos;ve got some places we can go .
there are some places that we can apply .
there are some places that we can apply to .

wir können diese dinge an verschiedenen beispielen fortführen .
at present at we have a very modern example , which is repeatedly an item in the daily newspapers .
we can do these things on different examples .
we can lead these things to different games .

und ich habe eine weile gebraucht , um das herauszufinden .
and this took me awhile to figure out .
and i need a while to figure this out .
and i &apos;ve got a long time to figure that out .

ich glaube , das gilt für jeden menschen auf dem planeten .
i believe that for every person on the planet .
i think that &apos;s true for everyone on the planet .
i think that &apos;s true for everyone on the planet .

denn künstler haben ein gestörtes verhältnis zur lüge .
because artists have a distorted relationship to the lie .
because artists have a broad relationship to lie .
because artists have a broader relationship to lie .

wir verändern die welt , aber wir erinnern uns nicht daran .
we transform the world , but we don &apos;t remember it .
we change the world , but we don &apos;t remember it .
we change the world , but we don &apos;t remember it .

es war eine extreme situation . man brauchte eine extreme lösung .
it was an extreme situation , they needed an extreme solution .
it was an extreme situation . you needed an extreme solution .
it was an extreme situation . you needed a extreme solution .

aber für viele leute ist das ein bisschen zu radikal .
but for a lot people , that &apos;s a bit too radical .
but for many people , that &apos;s a little bit radical .
but for many people , that &apos;s a little bit radical .

ein forschungssemester zum thema natural user interface design .
a research semester on the topic natural user interface design .
a research mester at the theme of user interface .
a research mester for the subject of the user interface .

genau das ist jetzt weitestgehend unser ziel .
and that , to a large extent , is what we want to do now .
right now , this is our goal .
that &apos;s what we &apos;re doing right now .

in beiden fällen wurde operierte und es ging ihnen gut .
in both cases , they had their operations and they did okay .
in both cases , surgery was operated , and it was very good at them .
in both cases , surgery was operated , and it went well .

das heißt , damit gehen die verbrechensraten zurück .
that means the rate of crime goes down .
this is what goes back to the criminal marks .
that &apos;s what &apos;s going to go back to it .

und das ist in der tat eine konservative schätzung .
and that &apos;s actually a conservative estimate .
and this is actually a conservative estimate .
and that &apos;s actually a conservative estimate .

man kann einfach ein paar namen nennen und die leute werden verstehen .
you can just say a few names and people will understand .
you can just call some names , and people will understand it .
you can just call some names and people will understand .

sie gelangen zu thabo mbeki in südafrika .
you end up in thabo mbeki south africa .
they get to thabo mbeki in south africa .
they get to thabo mbeki in south africa .

ich beginne immer mit einem sketch , einer idee .
it always starts with a sketch , an idea .
i always start with a sketch , an idea .
i always start with a sketch , an idea .

und wir zeigen tatsächlich den ganzen prozess davon , wie es funktioniert .
and actually we show the whole process of how does it work .
and we actually show the whole process of how it works .
and we actually show the whole process of how it works .

nur dass ich denke , es gefällt ihm eher , nicht wahr .
only i think that he &apos;s rather loving it here , right ?
only that i think it &apos;s more like him , not true .
just that i think it &apos;s more like it , not true .

ich weiß jetzt , dass es der grund des meeres war .
what we caught , i know now , is the bottom of the sea .
i now know that it was the bottom of the sea .
i know it was the reason of the sea was .

und ganz plötzlich erschien er nicht mehr länger rein menschlich .
and all of a sudden , he would no longer appear to be merely human .
and all of a sudden , he didn &apos;t seem more human .
and all of a sudden , he didn &apos;t seem to be human .

und dieses video war tatsächlich bereits im januar gesendet worden .
and this video had actually been posted all the way back in january .
and this video was actually already in january .
and this video was actually finished in january in january .

sie machten das , indem sie das land entwässerten .
they did it by draining the land .
they did that by serving the country .
they did that by providing the country .

und ich schätze , dass viele von ihnen das auch getan haben .
and i would imagine that a lot of you have too .
and i guess many of you have done that too .
and i guess that many of you have done this .

sie sagte : » ich glaube , du bist etwas besonderes . «
and she said , &quot; i think you &apos;re special . &quot;
she said , &quot; i think you &apos;re something special . &quot;
she said , &quot; i think you &apos;re something special . &quot;

das programm , das ich hier benutze , ist ein kleines experiment .
this tool that i &apos;m using here is a little experiment .
the program i &apos;m using here is a little experiment .
the program i use here is a little experiment .

es gibt eine schritt-für-schritt-anleitung dort .
there &apos;s step-by-step instructions on this .
there &apos;s a pro-win fear there .
there &apos;s a decrease of progress there .

die frage ist also , wie gehen wir mit diesen windeln um ?
so the question is , how should we deal with nappies ?
so the question is , how do we deal with these windmills ?
so the question is , how do we deal with these wind ?

die auszeichnungen waren also , &quot; oh , das ist fantastisch . &quot;
so the awards were like , &quot; oh , this is fantastic . &quot;
so the records were , &quot; oh , that &apos;s fantastic . &quot;
so the drawings were , &quot; oh , that &apos;s fantastic . &quot;

das heißt , wir sind nützlich , nicht weniger schädlich dabei .
that means that in doing so , we are being useful , not harmful .
that means we &apos;re useful , not less harmful .
that means we &apos;re useful , not less inviting .

dies ist ein ganzes buch , ein beispiel für nichtbild-daten .
this is an entire book , so this is an example of non-image data .
this is a whole book , an example of non-visual data .
this is a whole book , an example of non-mental data .

dies ist technologieunterstützte innovation , die es heute gibt .
this is the kind of innovation , empowered by this technology , that exists today .
this is technology supporting innovation that &apos;s there today .
this is technology support innovation that there is today .

und raten sie was wir in dem angriffscode gefunden haben ?
and guess what we found in the attack code ?
and guess what we found in the angular code ?
and guess what we found in the attack code ?

nicht mehr nötig , ein liedchen zu pfeifen oder zu singen .
you no longer need to whistle or sing a song .
it doesn &apos;t need to sing a limb or sing .
no longer need to whip a shower or sing .

wir hassen eine zu starke regierung . wir haben kein vertrauen ins system .
we hate big government . we don &apos;t trust the man .
we hate a strong government . we don &apos;t have trust in the system .
we hate a strong government . we don &apos;t have trust in the system .

sie ist unvorhersagbar -- wie diese seltsame landstraße .
it &apos;s unpredictable -- like this odd country road .
it &apos;s unpredictable -- like this strange road .
it &apos;s unpredictable -- like this strange country street .

das ist , was wir in unserem labor , wahrnehmbares design nennen .
this is what we call , in our lab , sensible design .
that &apos;s what we call in our lab , perceptual design .
this is what we call in our lab , perceptual design .

eines tages sagt dieser spiegel , ja , da gibt es eine schönere .
one day this mirror says , yes , there is someone fairer than you .
one day , this mirror says , yes , there &apos;s a more beautiful one .
one day , this mirror , yes , there &apos;s a beautiful one .

aber bei youtube werden mehr als 48 stunden video pro minute hochgeladen .
but there are over 48 hours of video uploaded to youtube every minute .
but in youtube , more than 48 hours per minute , the video is made .
but in youtube , more than 48 hours of video per minute will be invited .

ich weiß nicht , warum sie es taten , aber ich lernte etwas darüber .
i don &apos;t know why they did it , but i learned something about it .
i don &apos;t know why they did it , but i learned something about it .
i don &apos;t know why they did it , but i learned something about it .

und die frage war : wie könnte man technologie , neue technologie damit verbinden ?
and the question was : how could technology , new technology , be added to that ?
and the question was : how could you connect technology to the new technology ?
and the question was , how could you combine technology to connect new technology ?

die kommt naturgemäß aus asien , in dem falle aus japan .
naturally it &apos;s from asia , in this case from japan .
the nature comes from asia , in which all of japan is japan .
it &apos;s natural from asia , where all of japan comes from japan .

wir erzählen nicht nur geschichten , wenn wir uns daran machen , geschichten zu erzählen .
we don &apos;t only tell stories when we set out to tell stories .
we &apos;re not just telling stories when we &apos;re doing this to tell stories .
we &apos;re not just telling stories when we &apos;re doing it to tell stories .

warum fordere ich jetzt von meinem publikum , dass es auch aktiv zuhört ?
why do i demand from my audience that they listen actively ?
why am i changing from my audience now that it also sounds active ?
why am i going to tell you about my audience that it &apos;s also active ?

bryan , sie haben hier wirklich eine saite zum schwingen gebracht .
bryan , you &apos;ve struck a massive chord here .
bryan , they really brought a string to the pig .
bryan , you really got a sign to pigs .

der grund dafür : die regierung konnte zurückverfolgen , wo ein text herkam .
and this was done so the government could track where text was coming from .
the reason for this : the government could go back , where a text came from .
the reason for this : the government could go back , where a text came from .

&quot; erinnerst du dich an den patienten mit dem gereizten rachen ? &quot;
&quot; do you remember that patient you saw with the sore throat ? &quot;
&quot; do you remember the patient with the traveling ? &quot;
&quot; don &apos;t you remember the patient with the boom ? &quot;

denn die frankfurter anlage könnte am besten den phosphor zurückgewinnen .
because the plant in frankfurt would be the best at winning back phosphorus .
because the france system could be the best phosphorus .
because the france could win the best phosphorus of phosphorus .

wir lieben es , uns in lügen zu hüllen . wir lieben das .
now , we love to wrap ourselves in lies . we love to do it .
we love to lie in the lie . we love that .
we love to lie in bels . we love that .

vielleicht ist ihnen das bekannt , ich habe über 4.000 follower auf twitter .
as some of you might know , i &apos;ve got more than 4,000 followers on twitter .
maybe that &apos;s known to you , i &apos;ve got over 4,000 volumes on twitter .
maybe you &apos;re familiar with you , i &apos;ve got over 4,000 who &apos;s on twitter .

davon haben sie schon mal etwas von überbevölkerungsproblemen von bäumen gehört ?
of those have you ever heard of overpopulation of trees ?
have you heard a little bit of overpopulation problems from trees ?
have you heard about this a little bit of overpopulation problems of trees ?

all das beeinflusst mich und all das beeinflusst auch mein erlebnis mit der komposition .
all this influences me and influences my experience of the composition .
all of this affects me , and all this affects my experience with the composition .
all this affects me and all of this affects my experience with composition .

es stellte sich heraus dass er eine streptokokken-infektion .
well it turns out , he didn &apos;t have a strep throat .
it turns out that he was an extensive ptococology infection .
it turns out that it turned out to be a piptocol infection .

und er hat nicht wirklich eine idee . er fängt mit dem tierfänger an .
he doesn &apos;t really come up with anything . he starts with animal control .
and he didn &apos;t really have an idea . he starts with the animal changer .
and he didn &apos;t really have an idea . he starts with the animal &apos;s beginning .

und dann habe ich einen sahnespender genommen und das daran angeschlossen .
then i took a whipped cream dispenser and connected it to that .
and then i took a sake of the pencil , and i closed this .
and then i took a juvenile , and i finished it .

und das hat leider nicht geklappt , aber wir haben trotzdem viel dabei gelernt .
and unfortunately that didn &apos;t work , but we learned a lot in doing so anyhow .
and unfortunately , this didn &apos;t work , but we still learned a lot about it .
and unfortunately , that didn &apos;t work , but we still learned a lot about it .

sie ist dieses jahr viel besser . sie ist auf dem aufsteigenden ast .
she &apos;s doing a lot better this year . she &apos;s on the comeback trail .
it &apos;s much better than that year . it &apos;s on the rising side .
it &apos;s much better than that year . it &apos;s on the rising .

unsere politiker sagen es , unser präsident sagt es , sogar unsere ceos sagen es .
our politicians say it , our president says it , even our ceo &apos;s say it .
our politicians say , our president says , even our ceos say it .
our politicians say , our president says , even our ceos say it .

nun , sie würden etwas über seine größe wissen , aber es gibt viel unsicherheit .
well , you would know something about his height , but there &apos;s a lot of uncertainty .
well , you &apos;d know something about his size , but there &apos;s a lot of uncertainty .
well , you would know something about its size , but there &apos;s a lot of uncertainty .

es gibt einige innovationen im nuklearbereich ; modular , flüssig .
there are some innovations in nuclear : modular , liquid .
there are some innovations in nuclear field ; model , liquid .
there are some innovations in the nuclear area ; model , liquid .

ich hatte was , deine schwester hatte was . los , trink ein bier . «
i had some , your sister had some . have some beer . &quot;
i had what your sister had . go , drink a beer . &quot;
i had what your sister had . go , drink a bike . &quot;

und in unserer westlichen welt waren wir immer zu dumm , unsere nährstoffe zurückzubringen .
and in our western world we were always too stupid to bring back our nutrients .
and in our western world , we were always too stupid , bringing our nutrients back .
and in our western world , we were always too stupid to bring our nutrients back .

als konsequenz entwickelt sich der körper mehr dem typisch weiblichen verlauf folgend .
as a consequence , the body develops more along the female typical path .
as a consequence , the body evolves more typical females .
as a consequence , the body is evolving more female .

während ein eisberg schmilzt , atme ich seine vorzeitliche atmosphäre ein .
as an iceberg melts , i am breathing in its ancient atmosphere .
as an iceberg melts , i shake his front of his time atmosphere .
while a iceberg sells , i &apos;m going to add his precise atmosphere .

aber fragt man die indianer sagen sie : &quot; die pflanze spricht zu uns . &quot;
but you ask the indians , and they say , &quot; the plants talk to us . &quot;
but you ask the indians , &quot; the plant talks to us . &quot;
but you ask the indians to say , &quot; the plant talks to us . &quot;

aber darum geht es jetzt hier eigentlich gar nicht . und dann öffne ich meine hand .
but that &apos;s not really what this is about . right ? and then i open my hand up .
but that &apos;s not what i &apos;m going to do right now . and then i open my hand .
but that &apos;s not what i &apos;m going to do now . and then i open my hand .

also kennen sie seine theorie des erfolgs , die theorie des erfolgs der 10.000 stunden .
so , you would have heard of his theory of success , the 10,000 hour theory of success .
so you know his theory of success , the theory of the success of 10,000 hours .
so you know his theory of success , the theory of success is 10,000 hours .

ich möchte diese idee nun ein bisschen weiter ausführen mit etwa was ein bisschen verrückt ist .
so i want to extrapolate on this idea a bit with something that &apos;s a little bit crazy .
now i want to take this idea a little bit further with something that &apos;s a little bit crazy .
i want to take this idea a little bit further with what a little crazy .

das ist eben die durch druck und print geprägte schrift mit gutenberg und anderen .
that &apos;s the medium of print with gutenberg and others .
this is just by pressure and writing with guilt and others .
this is just through pressure and precise script with gutenberg and others .

die nächste generation der graphischen benutzungsoberflächen arbeitet schon sehr viel mehr mit verhalten .
the next generation of graphic user interfaces already works with behaviour a lot more .
the next generation of these graphs operations are doing a lot more with behavior .
the next generation of the graphs user interface is working very much more with behavior .

aber nun zur größten kraft , die uns zu einer welt des überflusses führen wird .
but here , here is the biggest force for bringing about a world of abundance .
but now the biggest force that will lead us to a world of overflow .
but now the biggest force that will lead us to a world of overwhelming .

betonbausteine wurden sehr schnell die meistgenutzte baueinheit in der welt .
very quickly concrete blocks became the most-used construction unit in the world .
concrete blocks became very quickly the mastered unit in the world .
concrete blocks became very quickly the mastery building unit in the world .

wenn sie sich um 100 % darauf stützen wollen , brauchen sie eine unglaubliche wunderbatterie .
if you &apos;re counting on it for 100 percent , you need an incredible miracle battery .
if you want to spend 100 percent on it , you need an incredible battery .
if you want to protect about 100 percent of it , you need an incredible battery .

er hatte eine extreme form einer angeborenen nebennierenrindenhyperblasie .
what he had was an extreme form of a condition called congenital adrenal hyperplasia .
he had an extreme form of an innate canny canopy .
he had an extreme form of an ornic form of niff hypertext .

also , wir tun so , als wäre es eigentlich unmöglich , ohne eine seele leben zu können .
and we &apos;re very happy about it .
so , we do it as if it was impossible to live without a soul .
so , we &apos;re going to do it as if it would be impossible without being able to live a soul .

wir zweigen von einem gemeinsamen vorfahren zu modernen schimpansen vor ungefähr sechs oder acht millionen jahren .
we branch off of a common ancestor to modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
we doubt from a common ancestry to modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
we doubled from a common ancestors to modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .

es wandelt co2 in methan um unter der verwendung von wasserstoff als energiequelle .
it takes co2 to methane using molecular hydrogen as its energy source .
it converts co2 in methane to the use of hydrogen as an energy source .
it converts co2 in methane under the use of hydrogen as energy .

tja , mit siebzehn hat man eben noch träume , aber keine bedeutenden erinnerungen .
well , at seventeen you still have dreams , but no significant memories .
well , with seventh 10 , you just have dreams , but not a major memory .
well , with seventh 10 , you still have dreams , but no major memories .

eine sache , wie sie bereits wissen , wurde schon geklärt , es gibt viele mieter .
but the one thing you know they &apos;ve already solved is that there &apos;s lots of tenants .
one of the things that you already know has already been enlightened , there &apos;s a lot of rent .
one thing you know , as you know , is already enlightened , there &apos;s a lot of rent .

ich habe die top-wissenschaftler mehrmals gefragt : &quot; müssen wir wirklich runter auf nahe null kommen ?
i asked the top scientists on this several times : do we really have to get down to near zero ?
i asked the top scientist several times , &quot; do we really need to get down to zero ?
i asked the top scientist several times , &quot; do we really have to get down to zero ?

das umfasst alles , die nahrung , die wir essen , kleidung , fernsehen , heizung .
this encompasses everything : the food we eat , clothing , tv , heating .
that includes all the food that we eat , clothes , television , hot .
that &apos;s all the food that we eat , clothes , tv , dressing .

ich hatte mir eine art reise der pinguine vorgestellt , also schaute ich miguel an .
i was imagining a &quot; march of the penguins &quot; thing , so i looked at miguel .
i had a journey of the penguins , so i looked at miel .
i had asked myself a kind of the penguins of penguins , so i looked at rubber .

er hat nichts speziell zu tun mit zentrifugen , mit urananreicherung .
it doesn &apos;t have anything to do , in specifics , with centrifuges , with uranium enrichment .
he has nothing to do with centrifuge , with uranization , with uranization .
he doesn &apos;t have anything to do with centrifuge , with uranization .

es ist ein foto , das ich erst letzten april im nordwesten des amazonas aufnahm .
it &apos;s a photograph i took in the northwest amazon just last april .
it &apos;s a picture that i took just last april in the northwest of the amazon .
it &apos;s a photograph that i took only last april in the north of the amazon in the west of amazon .

nun , wir stoßen jedes jahr eine menge kohlenstoffdioxid aus , über 26 milliarden tonnen .
now , we put out a lot of carbon dioxide every year , over 26 billion tons .
well , every year , we reproduce a lot of carbon dioxide , over 26 billion tons .
now , we get a lot of carbon dioxide out of carbon dioxide , over 26 billion tons .

sie ist ein mittel , mit der die seele einer bestimmten kultur zugang zu der materiellen welt findet .
it &apos;s a vehicle through which the soul of each particular culture comes into the material world .
it &apos;s a means with the soul of a particular culture to find access to the material world .
it &apos;s a means with the soul of a certain culture to the material world .

und eines der dinge , die wir gemacht haben , möchte ich mit ihnen durch ein kurzes video teilen .
and one of the things we did i would like to share with you introduced by a little video .
and one of the things we &apos;ve done is i want to share with you through a short video .
and one of the things that we did is i want to share with you through a short video .

und die a schüler werden mündlich schwerer geprüft , bekommen die besseren lehrer usw .
and the &quot; a students &quot; get the tougher curriculum , the best teachers , etc .
and the a school students are checked harder , the teachers get better teachers .
and the students will be checked up with the hard teachers , get better teachers and so forth .

und diese schüler haben es nicht , also gehen sie heraus und lesen ihre schulaufgaben unter dem straßenlicht .
and , in fact , these kids don &apos;t , so they &apos;re going out and reading their school work under the street lamps .
and these students don &apos;t have it , so they go out and read their shoulders under the street .
and these students don &apos;t have it , so they go out and read their school tasks under the street .

so viele menschen haben wir derzeit in der welt , die mindestens eine stunde pro tag mit online-spielen verbringen .
this is how many people we now have in the world who spend at least an hour a day playing online games .
so many people we have now in the world , at least one hour of online play with online .
so many people have now in the world who spend at least one hour a day with online games .

innerhalb eines jahres führt man eine erhebung durch und beginnt dann mit dem gewerblichen fischfang .
within a year , you do a survey and then commercial fishing begins .
within a year , you &apos;re going to start an errors , and then you start with the commercial fish fishery .
within a year , you &apos;re going to take a decrease through , and then you start with the commercial fish .

anstatt das wasser herauszudrängen benutzten sie die kanäle , um das wasser wieder hereinzuziehen .
instead of pushing water out , they used the channels to pull water back in .
instead of using the water , they used the channels to pull the water back .
instead of using the water , they used the channels to pull the water back .

für uns und sie ist spiel grundlegend für die bindung von beziehungen und die pflege der toleranz .
for us and them , play is foundational for bonding relationships and fostering tolerance .
for us and it &apos;s fundamental to the bond of relationships and the care of tolerance .
for us and it &apos;s fundamental to the binary of relationships and the care of tolerance .

und was wir nun fast täglich in der tageszeitung lesen können , das finden sie in diesem dritten satz .
and now the thing you can almost read daily in the papers is what you find in this third theorem .
and what we can do now almost every day in the daytime newspaper that you find in this third sentence .
and what we can read almost every day in the paper that you find in this third sentence .

wir wollen voreingenommenheit und diskriminierung im strafvollzugssystem bekämpfen .
we &apos;re trying to confront bias and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice .
we want to fight prevention and discrimination in the criminal justice system .
we want to fight biases and discrimination in the authority system .

und manchmal , wenn etwas über ted kommt , bekommt es eine bedeutung und kraft , die es sonst nicht hätte .
and sometimes when it comes through ted , it has meaning and power that it doesn &apos;t have when it doesn &apos;t .
and sometimes , when something comes about ted , it gets a meaning and force that would not have otherwise .
and sometimes , when something comes over ted , it gets a meaning and force that else would not have .

es gelang ihr irgendwie die zeit zu finden , sich englisch und it-qualifikationen anzueignen .
somehow she found time to study english and gain it qualifications .
you &apos;ve somehow got to find the time that english and quality qualities are related .
there was some time to find the time , english and italy qualities .

wenn wir also die nachrichten sehen , bevorzugen wir es , nach negativen neuigkeiten ausschau zu halten .
so given a dozen news stories , we will preferentially look at the negative news .
so if we look at the news , we prefer to stop looking for negative news .
so if we look at the news , we prefer to look for negative news .

ja , ich habe angst vor privilegien , vor leichtigkeit , vor berechtigungsanspruch .
yet i am afraid of privilege , of ease , of entitlement .
yes , i &apos;m afraid of privileged , quiet , before advocate .
yes , i &apos;m scared of privilege , in front of the ubiquitous , in front of guitation .

und so ist es übrigens seit 500 jahren , seit seiner , wie ich sagen muss , sehr erfolgreichen einführung .
and that is actually for the last 500 years , since its very successful introduction , i must say .
and so , by the way , it &apos;s been 500 years since his , as i have to say , very successful introduction .
and so , by the way , it &apos;s been for 500 years , as i &apos;ve got to say , very successful leadership .

zudem wurde kürzlich eine studie mit ceos gemacht , in der sie eine woche lang die ceos beobachteten .
there was also recently a study done with ceos in which they followed ceos around for a whole week .
finally , a recent study was done with ceos where they watched a week for ceos .
in the recently , a study of ceos made a ceo in which they watched a week the ceos .

und um zu gewinnen , muss das gerät eine bessere diagnose stellen als ein team hochqualifizierter ärzte .
and to win , it needs to be able to diagnose you better than a team of board-certified doctors .
and to win , the device needs to be better diagnosed as a team of highly qualified physicians .
and to win , the device needs to be a better diagnosis than a team of high-quality doctors .

wir hatten letztes jahr ein team von fellows in boston im zuge das &quot; code for america &quot; programms .
we had a team of fellows in boston last year through the code for america program .
we had a team of rocks in boston last year to program the code for programming .
we had a team last year from lows in boston in the code for america &apos;s code .

in offenbach zum beispiel sind am hausmüll zwanzig prozent des der müllmenge inzwischen windeln .
in offenbach , for example , twenty percent of the amount of waste produced by households consists of nappies .
in obvious bach , for example , the garbage is 20 percent of the trash of the coin between windmills .
in open bach , for example , at the greenhouse garbage , 20 percent of the trunk has a lot of wind up between wind .

jedes jahr verlieren wir so drei millionen tonnen phosphor , die wirklich in kreisläufe zurückgehen müssten .
every year we lose about three tonnes of phosphorus , which should really be circulated .
every year we lose three million tons of phosphorus who really have to go back into circles .
every year we lose three million tons of phosphorus that really had to go back into circles .

und mir fiel auf , wie sehr diese tiefseetauchgänge , einer weltraummission ähnelten .
but , it struck me how much this dive , these deep dives , was like a space mission .
and i noticed how this very profound exchange , a space mission made like this .
and i fell on like this very deep searchy , a world-class mission .

im herbst 2010 schickte ein freund aus guatemala octavio den link zu dem tedtalk .
in the fall of 2010 , a friend from guatemala sent octavio a link to the tedtalk .
in the fall of 2010 , a friend of guatemala came out of rubber vitavio , the link to tedtalk .
in the herbage 2010 , a friend of guessala came from guoctao vitao &apos;s link to tedtalk .

je mehr möglichkeiten ihnen zur verfügung standen , desto eher steckten sie ihr ganzes geld in reine geldmarktkonten .
the more choices available , the more likely they were to put all their money in pure money market accounts .
the more opportunities they have access to them , the more they put their money into a rhetoric market .
the more the more opportunities to provide them , the more they put their money into a marketplace .

aber sehen sie , das problem war , dass meine idee einen fatalen fehler hatte , und das war folgender .
but the problem was , you see , my idea had one fatal flaw , and that flaw was this .
but you see , the problem was that my idea had a fatal mistake , and that was torture .
but look , the problem was that my idea had a fatal mistake , and that was following .

und dann begannen wir , wir tauchten zur &quot; bismarck &quot; , und erforschten sie mit roboterfahrzeugen .
and so , we started planning these and we wound up going to the bismark , and exploring it with robotic vehicles .
and then we started , we went to the bismarck , and we studied them with robotic witness .
and then we started , we started to go to the bisck , and study them with robots .

das sind sehr gute dinge und armutsverringerung bedeutet , diese dienste fast jedem auf dem planeten zugänglich zu machen .
these are very good things : getting rid of poverty means providing these services to almost everyone on the planet .
this is very good things and poverty , which means that these services are almost available on the planet .
these are very good things and poverty reduction , which means to make these services almost every single on the planet .

das zweitgrößte wiki der welt , mit fast 80.000 einträgen ist das world of warcraft wiki .
second biggest wiki in the world , with nearly 80,000 articles , is the world of warcraft wiki .
the second largest wiki in the world , with almost 80,000 longees , is the world of warcraft wiki .
the second largest wiki in the world , with almost 80,000 tears , is the world of warning warning .

hier sind die , die in den letzten jahren gestrichen wurden , mit einigen grünen alternativen , die vorgeschlagen wurden .
here are the ones that have been cancelled in the last few years with some green alternatives proposed .
here are the ones that have been stripped in the last few years with some green alternatives that have been beaten .
here are the ones that have been tested in the last few years , with some green alternatives that were beaten .

es gibt milliarden von menschen in entwicklungsländern , denen nicht einmal eine einzige stadt zur verfügung steht , die sie willkommen heißen würde .
there are billions of people in developing countries who don &apos;t have even a single city that would be willing to welcome them .
there are billions of people in developing countries that don &apos;t even have a single city available to the city that they would welcome .
there are billions of people in developing countries who don &apos;t even have a single city to give them welcome .

darum alle westlichen reiche sind immer expandiert , bis sie die infrastruktur nicht mehr geschafft haben und dann sind sie implodiert .
that &apos;s why all western empires just kept on expanding until they couldn &apos;t manage the infrastructure anymore and then they imploded .
that &apos;s why the western rich are always expanded , until they haven &apos;t done the infrastructure , and then they &apos;re impended .
that &apos;s why all western industries are always expanded until they don &apos;t have the infrastructure anymore , and then they &apos;re imposed .

das heißt , alles , was im leben zählt , ist geht &apos; s nicht darum zu sparen , zu vermeiden , zu reduzieren .
that means that everything that counts in life is not about saving , avoiding , reducing .
that means everything that counts life in life is not about saving , to avoid avoiding .
that means everything that counts in life is not about saving it to avoid reducing .

ich sage das nicht , weil ich ich glaube , dass es tugendhaft ist . ich sage das , weil identität macht bedeutet .
i don &apos;t say that because i think that &apos;s virtuous ; i say that because there is power in identity .
i &apos;m not saying that , because i think it &apos;s virtuous . i say that because identity means power .
i &apos;m not saying that because i think it &apos;s virtuous . i &apos;m saying this because identity means identity .

das war das erste strategiespiel in echtzeit der world of warcraft-serie . das war vor 16 jahren .
that was the first real-time strategy game from the world of warcraft series . that was 16 years ago .
this was the first strategies in real time of the world &apos;s world crap series , which was 16 years ago .
this was the first strategies in real time of the world of craftsman series . this was 16 years ago .

dann verschwindet dieses unangenehme gefühl , es könnte ihnen ja gar nicht ähnlich sehen und es wird ihnen immer ähnlicher .
then that unpleasant feeling that it couldn &apos;t look anything like you and will start to look more and more like you .
then this unpleasant feeling , it could not be very similar to you , and it will always be similar to you .
and then this unpleasant feeling , it could not be similar to you , and it will always be similar to you .

was dann passiert , wenn sie den marshmallow auf die spitze packen , sie haben keine zeit mehr und was passiert ?
and then what happens is , when they put the marshmallow on the top , they run out of time and what happens ?
what happens when you put the marshmallow on the top , you don &apos;t have time and what happens ?
what happens when you put the marshmallow on the top , you don &apos;t have time and what happens ?

ich hob also meinen blick vom manuskript und sprach meinen kommentar in richtung einer leeren ecke des raums .
so i just lifted my face up from the manuscript and i directed my comments to an empty corner of the room .
so i got my view of the manuscript , and i talked to my commentary toward a empty corner of space .
so i look at my view of the manuscript , and i talked to my commentary in a left-hand corner of the space .

im feminismus geht es darum klischees über geschlecht aufzulösen , deshalb ist am feminismus nichts weiblich .
feminism is all about undoing stereotypes about gender , so there &apos;s nothing feminine about feminism . &quot;
in feminism , it &apos;s about solving cliffs about gender , that &apos;s why the feminism is not a feminism .
in feminism , it &apos;s about trying to solve gender , that &apos;s why feminism is not a viral .

und es war meine aufgabe , jede nacht wach zu bleiben , bis ihre alpträume kamen , damit ich sie aufwecken konnte .
and my job was to stay awake until her nightmares came so i could wake her .
and it was my job to stay in every night , until their alpine dreams , so i could get them up .
and it was my job to stay in every night , until your dreams came up with it , so i could wake them up .

es gilt auch hinsichtlich rasse , was sich als viel komplizierter herausstellt , als unser terminologie zugelassen hat .
it &apos;s also in terms of race , which turns out to be vastly more complicated than our terminology has allowed .
it &apos;s also true , which turns out to be much more complicated than our terminology .
it &apos;s also about railing what &apos;s going on as much more complicated than our terminology has left .

ich sagte : &quot; miguel , fliegen sie 240 kilometer zu der farm und fliegen sie dann 240 kilometer zurück am abend ?
i said , &quot; miguel , do they fly 150 miles to the farm , and then do they fly 150 miles back at night ?
i said , &quot; miguel , fly 240 miles to the farm , and then you fly back 240 miles on the night ?
i said , &quot; miguel , do you fly 240 miles of the farm , and then you fly back 240 miles a night ?

ich werde darauf aber gleich nochmal eingehen und werde ihnen per versuch beweisen , dass auch sie ein natürliches verhältnis zur virtualität haben .
i will clarify this in a moment , however , and will attempt to prove by an experiment , that you , too , do have a natural relation to virtuality .
but i &apos;m going to go in the same way , and i &apos;m going to show you that they also have a natural relationship to virtual bribe .
but i &apos;m going to go back to that , and i &apos;m going to show you that they also have a natural relationship to virtual relationship .

aber dann , wenn wir einmal alle bildpunkte haben , können sie damit spielen und mit farbe bewegung schwerkraft und drehbewegung spielen .
but then , once we have the pixels , then you can play with them and play with color and movement and gravity and rotation .
but then , once we have all the points , they can play with color and motion and motion .
but then , once we have all the imagery , they can play with color and motion with color and motion .

wir lieben wochenmärkte . wir lieben kleine familienbetriebe . wir reden über regionale lebensmittel . wir essen bio .
we love farmers &apos; markets , we love small family farms , we talk about local food , we eat organic .
we love weekly markets . we love small family operations . we talk about local food . we eat bio .
we love weekends . we love little family business . we talk about regional food food . we eat bio .

wir brauchen an dieser stelle diese lüge , die uns die täuschung aufrechterhält , ohne die wir gar nicht weiterleben können .
we need this lie here , to keep the deception upright , without which we wouldn &apos;t be able to go on living .
we need this place to be able to keep the deception with the deception without the ones that we can &apos;t even continue .
we need to be able to think of this lie that holds us the deception , without the ones that we can &apos;t live .

das schien die beste möglichkeit , meinen inneren drang , geschichten zu erzählen , mit meinem bedürfnis , bilder zu erschaffen , zu vereinen .
and that seemed to be the best way to reconcile this urge i had to tell stories with my urges to create images .
that seemed to be the best way to tell my internal stories , to share with my need , to create images .
this seemed the best way to tell my inner line , stories , with my need to create images , to create images .

aber wissen sie , das ist wirklich eine ernste angelegenheit , denn das zeug ist mist , und wir geben milliarden dollar dafür aus .
but , you know , it &apos;s really a serious thing because this stuff is crap , and we spend billions of dollars on it .
but you know , that &apos;s really a serious opportunity , because the stuff is mall , and we spend billions of dollars on it .
but you know , this is really a serious opportunity , because that &apos;s the stuff , and we give billions of dollars to it .

außerdem haben wir sieben programmierer aus der ganzen welt eingeflogen – buchstäblich aus allen ecken der welt – zu uns nach hause .
the other thing we did is we flew seven programmers from all over the world -- literally every corner of the world -- into our house .
and also , we flew seven programmers from all over the world -- literally out of all the geeks of the world -- to home .
we also flew seven programmers from all over the world -- literally from all the eyemen of the world -- to us home .

typischerweise basiert unser system auf der idee , dass eine bestimmte anatomische ausprägung mit einer bestimmten identität einhergeht .
or system has been based typically on the idea that a particular kind of anatomy comes with a particular identity .
typically , our system is based on the idea that there &apos;s a particular anatomic exploitation with a particular identity .
typically , our system is based on the idea that a certain anatomic jump with a certain identity of identity .

meine damen und herren , wir leben auf einem planeten der mit 5.000-mal mehr energie gefüllt ist als wir jährlich verbrauchen .
ladies and gentlemen , we are on a planet that is bathed with 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet with 5,000-times more energy than we need a year .
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet with 5,000-times more energy than we need a year .

fühlen sie sich damit wohl ? denn mit nur einem zentimeter abstand betrachtet ... ich fühle mich mit dieser auffassung überhaupt nicht wohl .
are you comfortable with that -- because you look at it even from an inch away and , you know -- i &apos;m not at all comfortable with that assumption .
do you feel like that ? because with just one centimeter at one point -- i feel like i don &apos;t even feel at all .
do you feel comfortable with it ? because only one centimeter , i feel like i don &apos;t feel comfortable with this notion .

ich werde meine hand öffnen , und hoffentlich , wenn alles gut geht , wird das messer durch meinen bloßen körperlichen magnetismus festgehalten .
i &apos;m going to open my hand , and hopefully , if all is well , my pure animal magnetism will hold the knife .
i &apos;m going to open my hand , and hopefully , if everything goes well , the knife will be held by my naked body magnetism .
i &apos;m going to open my hand , and hopefully , if everything goes well , the knife is held by my physical magnetism .

darum sind alle , die hier sind und neugierig sind , in der tat leute , die eine eigenschaft haben , die man nicht lernen kann .
that &apos;s why all the people who are here are actually people who have a characteristic that can &apos;t be learned .
that &apos;s why all of you who are here and curiosity , in fact , people who have a property that you can &apos;t learn .
that &apos;s why all of them are and curiosity , in fact , people who have a property that you can &apos;t learn .

schamanen , priester , sogenannte wissenswächter , waren dafür extra abgestellt , um wissen in geschichten zu bewahren .
shamans , priests , so-called keepers of knowledge , were specially assigned to preserve knowledge in stories .
shame , priests , so-called knowledge , were able to preserve knowledge in order to preserve knowledge in stories .
shamen , priests , so-called knowledge , were extra intended to preserve knowledge in stories .

wir haben in diesem land ein justizsystem , das sie viel besser behandelt , wenn sie reich und schuldig sind als arm und unschuldig .
we have a system of justice in this country that treats you much better if you &apos;re rich and guilty than if you &apos;re poor and innocent .
we &apos;ve treated a justice system that they &apos;re much better if they &apos;re rich and guilty than poor and innocent .
we have a system in this country that they treat much better if they &apos;re rich and innocent as poor and innocent .

zu diesem zeitpunkt haben wir mehrzellige gemeinschaften , gemeinschaften von vielen verschiedlichen zellentypen , welche zusammen als einzelner organismus fungieren .
and at that stage , we have multi-cellular communities , communities of lots of different types of cells , working together as a single organism .
at this point , we have multiple communities , communities , of many different cell divisions , which are combined together as an individual organism .
at this point , we have several broader communities , communities of many different different cell strains , which together as a single organism .

nur nebenbei möchte ich erwähnen , dass städte nur zwei prozent der erdoberfläche sind , aber 50 prozent der weltweiten bevölkerung dort leben .
just as an aside , i wanted to mention , cities are only two percent of the earth &apos;s crust , but they are 50 percent of the world &apos;s population .
just by the way , i want to mention that cities are only two percent of the earth &apos;s surface , but 50 percent of the world &apos;s population is there .
just by the way , i want to mention that cities are only two percent of the earth &apos;s surface , but 50 percent of the world &apos;s population are there .

wir haben die stücke so konstruiert dass wir sie einfach mit enzymen zerlegen konnten . es gibt enzyme die diese reparieren und wieder zusammenfügen .
we designed these pieces so we can just chew back with enzymes ; there are enzymes that repair them and put them together .
we constructed the pieces so that we could just break them with enzymes , and there are enzymes that repair them and repair them together .
we &apos;ve created the pieces so that we could just break them into enzymes , and there are enzymes that repair these and repair them together .

eine gesamte remix-gemeinde schoss aus dem boden , die es von einem dummen witz zu etwas machte , an dem wir alle teilnehmen können .
an entire remix community sprouted up that brought it from being just a stupid joke to something that we can all actually be a part of .
a whole remix community shot out of the ground that made it from a dumb to something that we can all participate in .
a whole receptive community that made it from a dumb joke to something that we can all participate in .

ich wuchs in den wäldern von britisch kolumbien auf und glaubte , dass diese wälder dazu da sind , gerodet zu werden .
i was raised in the forests of british columbia to believe those forests existed to be cut .
i grew up in the forests of british colombia and believed that these forests are there to be degraded .
i grew up in the forests of british colombia , and believed that these forests are there to be saved .

es gab eine zeit , als ich ein junge war , da konnte man jeden telefon anbieter haben den man wollte , solange er von ma bell kam .
there was a time , when i was a boy , when you could get any kind of telephone service you wanted , as long as it came from ma bell .
there was a time when i was a boy , because you could have any telephone on the phone as long as it came from bell .
there was a time when i was a boy , because you could have a telephone officer that you wanted to have , as long as he came from bell .

und während dieser versammlung , wir haben diese versammlung genau so belassen wie sie immer war , nur haben wir eine kleinigkeit hinzugefügt .
and during that session , we kept the session exactly the way it used to be , but we added one little thing .
and while this gathering collection , we have this gathering just as it was , we just added a little bit .
and during this collection , we &apos;ve got this collection just as it was , just as we &apos;ve added , we &apos;ve added a little bit .

selbst heute noch , wenn sie zum essen eingeladen sind in china erwartet man nach dem essen , dass sie solange bleiben , bis sie die toilette aufsuchen .
even today , if you get invited to dinner in china , people expect you to stay on after the meal until you need to use the toilet .
even today , if you &apos;re invited to lunch in china , you &apos;re supposed to eat that as long as you stay , you &apos;re looking for the toilet .
even today , if they &apos;re invited to eat in china , they &apos;re expected to eat as long as they stay , until they &apos;re looking for the toilet .

haben sie keine angst davor , dass sie ihr ganzes leben weiterschreiben und nie wieder ein buch erschaffen , das irgendjemanden in der welt interessiert ? nie wieder ? <unk>
aren &apos;t you afraid you &apos;re going to keep writing for your whole life and you &apos;re never again going to create a book that anybody in the world cares about at all , ever again ? &quot;
do you have no fear of the fact that you &apos;re going to write your whole life and never create a book that any of you interested in the world ? never mind ?
do you have no fear of writing your whole life and never create a book that cares anyone in the world ? never regardless ?

das heißt , die ganze westliche zivilisationsgeschichte zeichnet sich dadurch aus , dass die stadt immer nur genommen hat , aber den bauern nie etwas zurückgegeben hat .
this means that the entire history of western civilization is characterized by the city always just taking , and never giving anything back to the farmers .
that means that the whole western civilizational story is drawn out that the city has only taken out of the city , but the farmers never given something back .
that means that the whole western civilizationing story is that the city has always taken on the city , but the farmers never left behind .

ich habe es geliebt zu diesem geschäft zu gehen ; aber zu einem zeitpunkt habe ich mich gefragt , naja , wie kommt es , dass du nie etwas kaufst ?
i used to love going to this store , but on one occasion i asked myself , well how come you never buy anything ?
i loved walking into this business , but at a time i asked myself , well , how did you buy something ?
i loved to go to this business , but at a time , i asked myself , well , how do you never buy something ?

die sind ein bisschen technischer ausgerichtet und auch ein bisschen businessmäßiger unterwegs , da werden dann auch so , ja angewandte fragen gestellt .
they are geared more towards the technical as well as the business aspects of it , and so you see more , well , practical questions being asked .
they &apos;re a little bit of technical outcome , and they &apos;re also a little bit of business involved , and then they &apos;re going to be asking , yes , to ask questions .
they &apos;re a little bit more technological , and also a little bit of a business contract , and then they &apos;re also asked to ask , yes .

haben sie eine perspektive -- ich möchte nicht &quot; blickwinkel &quot; benutzen , denn das hat eine negative konnotation -- aber wissen sie , wie sich das entwickeln wird ?
do you have a perspective -- i don &apos;t want to use &quot; angle &quot; because that has a negative connotation -- but do you know how this is going to play out ?
do you have a perspective -- i don &apos;t want to use &quot; perspective , &quot; because this has a negative connotation -- but do you know how this is going to develop ?
do you have a perspective -- i don &apos;t want to use the perspective , because this has a negative emergency emergency -- but you know how this is going to evolve ?

seitdem , in den 40 jahren , die inzwischen verstrichen sind , habe ich ungefähr 3 000 stunden unter wasser verbracht . 500 stunden davon in tauchbooten .
since then , in the intervening 40 years , i &apos;ve spent about 3,000 hours underwater , and 500 hours of that was in submersibles .
since then , in the 40 years , the inverted between , i &apos;ve spent about 3,000 hours under water , 500 hours of them in chunks .
since then , in the 40 years , the insurance between them , i spent about 3,000 hours of water under water , 500 hours of them .

mein favorit ist der in der mitte -- mp3-player- , nasen-haar-trimmer und crème br<unk> lée fackel .
my favorite is the middle one -- the mp3 player , nose hair trimmer , and creme brulee torch .
my favorite is the one in the middle -- 3-playwinner , wet triggers and crabs , largely competent .
my favorite is in the middle of the middle -- 3-and-a-m , nasa hackers and trickingbird bra .

weil , wenn man nur darüber liest , aus sekundärliteratur , das ist nicht das gleiche , wie wenn man es selber einmal gemacht oder gesehen hat .
because if you just read about it in secondary literature , that &apos;s not the same as when you &apos;ve done it yourself or have seen it being done .
because if you just read about it , from secular literature , that &apos;s not the same as if you &apos;ve ever seen it yourself or seen it .
because if you just read about it , from sedictionary , that &apos;s not the same as if you &apos;ve ever seen it or seen it .

nach einiger zeit des reflektierens scheint mir , dass ich , um weiterhin schreiben zu können , eine art von schützendem psychologischen konstrukt entwerfen muss .
and so , it seems to me , upon a lot of reflection , that the way that i have to work now , in order to continue writing , is that i have to create some sort of protective psychological construct , right ?
after some time of reflective reflection , i seem to be able to write that i can continue writing to continue writing a kind of shake of the psychological construct .
after some time of reflection seems to me that i can continue to write to write a kind of shaking of the psychological psychological .

und dann erweitern sich ihre pupillen , sie sind vor den kopf gestoßen , dann schauen sie runter und schlucken schwer , und fangen an ihre geschichten zu erzählen .
and their pupils would dilate , they would recoil , then they would look down and swallow hard and start to tell me their stories .
and then their pupills are expanded in front of their head , and then look down , and they swallow , and they start telling their stories .
and then they expand their puppees , they &apos;re out of the head , then they look down , and they smile down , and they start to tell their stories .

oppertunitätskosten senken die zufriedenheit , die wir durch unsere auswahl erhalten , auch , wenn das was wir ausgesucht haben fantastisch ist .
opportunity costs subtract from the satisfaction we get out of what we choose , even when what we choose is terrific .
opperoscope east is the satisfaction that we get through our choice , even though we have a great deal .
ethiopies of sketching the peace satisfaction that we get through our choice , even though what we &apos;ve been very excited about .

jetzt , wenn ich nur einen gröberen überblick bekommen möchte , könnte ich denken &quot; ok , was wenn ich mir alles mit dem thema fahrradfahren ansehe ? &quot;
now , if i want to just kind of take a peek at these , i might think , &quot; well , what about taking a look at all of cycling ? &quot;
now , if i just want to get a bigger view , i could think , &quot; ok , what if i look at everything with the bike drive ? &quot;
now , if i just want to get a bigger view , i could think , &quot; ok , what if i look at everything about bike bike ? &quot;

es genügt also nicht , nur noten lesen zu lernen und die dazu entsprechenden tasten auf dem klavier oder die richtige stelle auf einer violinsaite zu drücken .
so it &apos;s not enough to just be able to read notes and find the according keys on the piano or the right position on a violin string .
so it &apos;s not enough to only read notes , and the most profitable on the piano or the right point in an instructor .
so it &apos;s not enough to learn to read notes , and to express the most challenging on the piano or the right place on a sainter .

ich kam zu der erkenntnis als arzt dass ich einem ziel hinarbeitete das anders war als das ziel der evolution - nicht zwangsläufig widersprüchlich , nur anders .
i came to realize , as a physician , that i was working toward a goal which was different from the goal of evolution -- not necessarily contradictory , just different .
i came to the realization that i was a goal to work differently as the goal of evolution -- not to be devastating , just different .
i came to the realization when i was a goal that i was working differently than the goal of evolution -- not inevitable contradictions , just differently .

und jetzt können sie einfach , wenn sie selber irgendetwas machen wollen , wenn sie selber irgendetwas testen wollen und vor allem , wenn sie menschen glücklich machen wollen , diesen mut zur lüge üben .
and now you can simply , if you want to test something for yourself and especially if you want to make people happy , practice this courage to lie .
and now you can just , if you want to do anything , if you want to test anything yourself and most importantly , if you want to make people happy , these courage to try .
and now you can just , if you want to do anything , if you want to test anything , and especially if you want to make people happy , that courage for lie .

und es wird den menschen ermöglichen , von zuhause ihren blutdruck zu messen , ihn an ihren arzt zu schicken und ihn beispielsweise mit anderen zu teilen , für etwas mehr als 100 dollar .
and people will be able , from their homes , to take their blood pressure , send it into their doctor and eventually share it with others , for instance , for over a hundred dollars .
and it will allow people to measure home from home to their blood pressure to send it to their doctor and share it with others , for more than 100 dollars .
and it will allow people to measure home from their blood pressure to send him to their doctor and share it with others , for example , for more than 100 dollars .

eines tages -- das ist ein tatsächlicher bericht - kam dies rein : &quot; beutelratte in meiner mülltonne . kann nicht sagen , ob sie tot ist .
so one day -- this is an actual report -- this came in : &quot; opossum in my trashcan . can &apos;t tell if it &apos;s dead .
one day -- this is a real report -- this came in , &quot; fuzzy rats in my coin . can &apos;t say whether it &apos;s dead .
one day -- this is an actual report -- this came in : &quot; thylacine in my ticket , cannot tell if it &apos;s dead .

und nach über einem jahr der planung , zwei wochen programmierarbeit , nudelparties und durchgemachten nächten , zeichnete tony zum ersten mal wieder nach sieben jahren .
and after over a year of planning , two weeks of programming , carb-fest and all-night sessions , tony drew again for the first time in seven years .
and after about a year of planning , two weeks of programming work , nuclear parties and traces made , tony recorded for the first time after seven years .
and after a year of planning planning , two weeks of programmed work , zero parties and naught , recorded , tony once again , after seven years .

meine damen und herren , was mir enormes vertrauen in unsere zukunft gibt , ist die tatsache , dass wir heute mehr macht als individuen haben , um uns den großen herausforderungen unseres planeten zu stellen .
ladies and gentlemen , what gives me tremendous confidence in the future is the fact that we are now more empowered as individuals to take on the grand challenges of this planet .
ladies and gentlemen , what gives me an enormous trust in our future is the fact that we have more than individuals today to make us the big challenges of our planet .
ladies and gentlemen , which gives me enormous trust in our future is the fact that we have more power today than individuals to provide us the big challenges of our planet .

sie müssen sich das so vorstellen , dass sie , wenn sie etwas der klassischen softrware machen , fünf stunden brauchen und mit dieser neuen art der natürlichen software nur noch eine stunde .
you need to imagine that in the following way , if you do something with classical software and take five hours to do it , then you &apos;d only need one hour to do the same thing with this new type of natural software .
you have to imagine that if you &apos;re going to do something about the classic trajectory , five hours , and with this new kind of natural software , it &apos;s just an hour .
you have to imagine that if you &apos;re doing something of the classic soviet stuff , five hours of this new kind of natural software only one hour .

meine frau , meine kinder und ich sind in die garage gezogen , und diese hacker und programmierer und verschwörungstheoretiker und anarchisten haben unser haus übernommen .
my wife and kids and i moved to our back garage , and these hackers and programmers and conspiracy theorists and anarchists took over our house .
my wife , my children , and i moved to the garage , and these hacker programmers and words , theoretically , and archival have taken our house .
my wife , my kids and i moved into the garage , and these hackers and programmers and calm and archival have taken our house .

die beschäftigen sich auch in so einem künstlerischen aspekt mit biologischen materialien und , ja , auch elektronikbasteleien , und kombinieren das auf ziemlich abgefahre art .
they look at biological materials in an artistic way and , yes , also electronic tinkering , and combine this in a very outlandish way .
there &apos;s also an artist &apos;s artistic aspect with biological materials and , yes , electronics can bumps , and combined in a pretty common way .
it &apos;s also a artistic aspect of biological materials and , yes , electronics , and combined in a pretty much more biased way .

und so weit die isolation geht , wenn wir als spezies ferne planeten besiedeln , wird es isolierung und die veränderungen der umwelt geben , die evolution auf natürliche weise produzieren könnte .
and as far as isolation goes , when we as a species do colonize distant planets , there will be the isolation and the environmental changes that could produce evolution in the natural way .
and so far the isolation goes when we have a species of distance , there will be isolation and change the environment that could produce the evolution in a natural way .
and so far the isolation of isolation is that if we have a species of remote planets , there will be isolation and the changes of the environment that could produce in natural ways .

armstrong twitterte über uns und dann , im dezember , hat uns das time-magazine geehrt , als eine der 50 besten erfindungen 2010 , was wirklich klasse war .
armstrong twittered about us , and then in december , time magazine honored us as one of the top 50 inventions of 2010 , which was really cool .
armstrong twittered over us and then , in december , the time-magazine taught us as one of the 50 of the 50 best inventors , which was really class .
armstrong talks about us and then , in december , has taught us the time-magazine when one of the best inventions was in 2010 , which was really great class .

und da waren die seltenen aber schmerzhaften chöre von &quot; schlitzauge &quot; und hier und da wandmalereien : &quot; asiaten , geht nach hause . &quot;
and there were rare but searing chants of &quot; slit-eye &quot; and the occasional graffiti : &quot; asian , go home . &quot;
and there were the rare but painful hazers of &quot; bad eye , &quot; and here &apos;s paintings : &quot; asia , &quot; go home . &quot;
and there were the rare but painful hairs of bad eye , and here and there &apos;s maldian , &quot; aside , &quot; go home . &quot;

ich musste dafür sorgen , dass es nicht umsonst gewesen war , und es war meine aufgabe , zu lernen , dass die geschichte durchaus versuchte , uns zu zerdrücken , wir es aber überstanden .
my duty was not to allow it to have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that , yes , history tried to crush us , but we endured .
i had to worry that it wasn &apos;t free , and it was my job to learn that the story was trying to push us down , but we were wrong .
i had to worry that it wasn &apos;t anything else , and it was my job to learn that the story was trying to express us , but it was overwhelmed .

sieht man , wer wir waren und wie das leben uns geformt hat , können wir nun sehen , dass die männer , die vielleicht in unser leben gekommen wären , uns in die quere gekommen wären .
given who we were and how life had shaped us , we can now see that the men who might have come into our lives would have thwarted us .
you can see who we were and how life shaped us , we can now see that the men who might have come into our lives might have come to us into the more jellyfish .
you can see who we were and how life formed us , we can now see that the men that might have come in our lives , would have come to us .

wir können unseren kindern beim fußball spielen zuschauen , und wir haben unser handy an der einen hüfte , und unseren blackberry an anderen hüfte , und unseren laptop vermutlich auf unserem schoß .
we can go to watch our kid play soccer , and we have our cell phone on one hip , and our blackberry on our other hip , and our laptop , presumably , on our laps .
we can play our kids on the football , and we &apos;ve got our mobile phone to a hip , and our blackberry to another chicken , and probably our laptop on our laptop .
we can look at our kids playing football , and we have our mobile phone on a hip , and our blackberry on other hip , and our laptop is probably on our shoot .

ich will mich nur wieder mit ihm und ich fragte : &quot; moment mal , ist das nicht – ich hab stephen hawking gesehen – können nicht alle gelähmten menschen mittels dieser geräte kommunizieren ? &quot;
i just want to be able to communicate with him and i said , &quot; wait a second , isn &apos;t that -- i &apos;ve seen stephen hawking -- don &apos;t all paralyzed people have the ability to communicate via these devices ? &quot;
i just want to talk to him again , and i said , &quot; wait a minute , isn &apos;t that -- i &apos;ve seen stephen hawking -- can &apos;t all the paralyzed people in this devices ? &quot;
i just want to go back to him , and i said , &quot; well , that &apos;s not -- i &apos;ve seen stephen hawking king -- can &apos;t all the paralyzed people communicate with these devices ? &quot;

wenn wir einen menschen nicht ganzheitlich behandeln , und nicht all seine kräfte und möglichkeiten wahrnehmen und anerkennen , schaffen wir zusätzlich zu dem natürlichen kampf , den sie vielleicht führen müssen , eine weitere krankheit .
by not treating the wholeness of a person , by not acknowledging their potency , we are creating another ill on top of whatever natural struggle they might have .
if we &apos;re not going to treat a human being , and not to take all its forces and see opportunities and recognize , in addition to the natural fight that you might have to do , another disease .
if we don &apos;t treat a human being , and not all its forces and perceive and see how to create , in addition to the natural struggle that you might have to lead to another disease .

somit haben sie entweder zusammen überlebt , oder sie gingen zusammen unter . das bedeutete , dass wenn eine gemeinschaft erfolgreich war , wurden alle individuen der gemeinschaft öfter wiederholt und von der evolution bevorzugt .
so they survived or they failed together , which means that if a community was very successful , all the individuals in that community were repeated more and they were favored by evolution .
so they either survived together , or they went together , and that meant that if a community was successful , all the individuals were repeated by the community and evolution of evolution .
so they either survived together , or they went together . that meant that if a community was successful , all the individuals of community were repeated and rejected by evolution .

er heißt dr. pizzutillo . ein italo-amerikaner , dessen name , wie sie sich denken können , die meisten amerikaner nicht korrekt aussprechen konnten . also wurde er immer dr. p. genannt .
his name was dr. pizzutillo , an italian american , whose name , apparently , was too difficult for most americans to pronounce , so he went by dr. p .
he &apos;s called dr. pioneo . an italo americans whose name they can think most americans couldn &apos;t speak correctly , so he was called dr. po .
he &apos;s called dr. pizo . a italo , whose name you can think that most americans couldn &apos;t speak correctly . so he was called dr. pipie .

aufgrund verschiedener erfolge im lichtsektor , durch andere autotypen , durch neue methoden im häuserbau , es gibt viele dienste , deren energieaufwand manche einzelne dienste lassen sich um 90 % reduzieren .
through various inventions and new ways of doing lighting , through different types of cars , different ways of building buildings -- there are a lot of services where you can bring some individual services even bring it down by 90 percent .
because of all kinds of success in the light sector , through other things , by creating new methods in construction , there are many services , which have been a single wall of energy services to reduce 90 percent .
because of various successes in the light sector , through other aurypas , through new methods , there are many services , and there &apos;s a lot of energy on the ground , and some of the energy services are going to reduce 90 percent .

aber hier war eine welt , die ich tatsächlich betreten konnte , hier auf der erde , und sie war genauso faszinierend und exotisch wie all das , was ich mir immer vorgestellt hatte , als ich diese bücher gelesen hatte .
but that was a world i could really go to , right here on earth , that was as rich and exotic as anything that i had imagined from reading these books .
but here was a world that i could actually enter , here on earth , and it was just as fascinating and exotic as much as all of what i had always imagined when i was reading these books .
but here was a world that i was actually able to do here on earth , and it was just as fascinating and exotic as all the things i had always imagined when i read these books .

das soll heißen , es könnte etwas geben , im durchschnitt , wodurch sich weibliche gehirne von männlichen unterscheiden was uns aufmerksamer für hochkomplexe soziale beziehungen macht , und aufmerksamer dafür für die schutzbedürftige zu sorgen .
that is to say , there might be something , on average , different about female brains from male brains that makes us more attentive to deeply complex social relationships and more attentive to taking care of the vulnerable .
it &apos;s supposed to be hot , there might be something that is through average , through female brains of what makes us more aware of the complex social relations of complex social relations , and assessment for protecting the protected need .
this is supposed to be called , there could be something , in average , through female brains of male brains , which makes us very much more complex social relationships , social relations , and to worry for the protective need .

der kleine sprengkopf übernimmt eine kaskade , und überdreht die rotoren und verlangsamt sie und der große sprengkopf tritt mit sechs kaskaden in interaktion und manipuliert ventile .
the small warhead is taking one cascade , and spinning up the rotors and slowing them down , and the big warhead is talking to six cascades and manipulating valves .
the little leap takes a kaskage , and the rotors slow down and slow them down and the big jump with six kiss in interactions and manipulation .
the little leaf takes a kaskage , and the writers and slow it down and slow it down , and the big leaf goes up with six cows in interactions and manipulation .

heutzutage , in der welt in der wir leben -- wir wohlhabenden , industrialisierten bürger , mit perfektion als erwartung -- das beste für das man je hoffen kann ist das dinge so gut sind wie man es von ihnen erwartet .
nowadays , the world we live in -- we affluent , industrialized citizens , with perfection the expectation -- the best you can ever hope for is that stuff is as good as you expect it to be .
today , in the world that we live in -- we are wealthy , industrialized citizens , with perfect expectations -- the best for you can hope to hope is the things as good as you expect .
today , in the world in which we live -- we were wealthy , industrialized citizens , with perfect expectancy -- the best thing you can hope is that things are as good as you expect them .

er hatte keine ahnung was das war , also verbrachte ich eine stunde damit alle diese verdammten jeans anzuprobieren , und verlies das geschäft -- und ich sage die wahrheit -- mit den best passenden jeans , die ich je hatte .
he had no idea what that was , so i spent an hour trying on all these damn jeans , and i walked out of the store -- truth ! -- with the best-fitting jeans i had ever had .
so he had no idea what this was , so i spent an hour trying to try to try to try all of these damn jeans , and the business -- and i say the truth -- the best fit i ever had .
he had no idea what that was , so i spent an hour trying to try all these damn jeans and leave the business -- and i say the truth -- with the best passengers i &apos;d ever had .

um das richtig zu verstehen : das bedeutet tief in den boden zu bauen fast wie eine vertikale säule nuklearen brennstoffs , dieses verbrauchten urans und dann beginnt der prozess oben und arbeitet sich weiter nach unten ?
and so , to understand it right , this involves building deep into the ground almost like a vertical kind of column of nuclear fuel , of this sort of spent uranium , and then the process starts at the top and kind of works down ?
and to really understand that , that means building deep in the ground , almost like a vertical column of nuclear fuel fuel fuel , and this process starts to go up , and then the process begins at the bottom is going down ?
in order to understand that , that means to build deep into the ground , almost like a vertical mammals of nuclear fuel , this copyright thing , and then the process begins up and then goes down to the bottom ?

und dann wurde mir klar , wenn er sagt , eine farm , die keine unreinheiten hat , untertreibt er gewaltig , denn das wasser , das durch diese farm fließt kommt aus dem fluss guadalquivir herein .
and then i realized when he says , &quot; a farm that has no impurities , &quot; he made a big understatement , because the water that flows through that farm comes in from the guadalquivir river .
and then it became clear to me , when he says , a farm that doesn &apos;t have an unbelievable truck , it &apos;s underway , because the water that flows through this farm comes from the river comes from the river to the guangocity .
and then i realized , if he said , a farm that doesn &apos;t have a pump , it &apos;s raped , because the water that comes through this farm comes from the river from the river of gualvic .

nun , das ist ein trick , den ich oft kleinen kindern beibringe , die sich für zauberei interessieren , denn man kann dabei sehr viel über täuschung lernen , wenn man genauer hinsieht , obwohl es ein sehr einfach auszuführender trick ist .
so , this is a trick that i often teach to young children that are interested in magic , because you can learn a great deal about deception by studying this very -- even though it &apos;s a very simple trick methodologically .
now , this is a trick that i often teach little kids who are interested in magic , because you can learn a lot about deception if you look more closely , even though it &apos;s a very simple trick .
now , this is a trick that i often teach little kids who are interested in magic , because you can learn a lot about deception , if you look more closely , even though it &apos;s a very simple trick .

da war irgendein anwalt oder vermögensverwalter , der nun für den rest seines lebens , den menschen erzählen konnte , dass er in ein brennendes haus ging um ein lebewesen zu retten , nur weil er fünf sekunden schneller war als ich .
here was some lawyer or money manager who , for the rest of his life , gets to tell people that he went into a burning building to save a living creature , just because he beat me by five seconds .
there was some lawyer or a foreseeable administration that could tell the rest of his life to tell people that he was in a burning house to save a living , just because he was five seconds faster than i was .
there was any lawyer or devastating administration , which was now for the rest of his life , who could tell people that he went to save a burning house to save a living , just because he was five seconds faster than i .

wenn sie in kalifornien leben , gibt es da in diesem frühling einen volksentscheid , bei dem es darum geht , tatsächlich eine anstrengung zu unternehmen , etwas von dem geldstrom umzuleiten , der sonst in die politik der bestrafung fließt .
if you live in the state of california , for example , there &apos;s a referendum coming up this spring where actually there &apos;s going to be an effort to redirect some of the money we spend on the politics of punishment .
if you live in california , there &apos;s a cool decision in this spring where it &apos;s actually about taking a effort to do something that &apos;s going on , to take something from the money of the money , otherwise , the policy of the line .
if you live in california , there &apos;s an early decision in this spring where it &apos;s about trying to actually make a effort to do something from the money that &apos;s going on in politics .

und dr. kean erzählte weiter , er sagte : &quot; ich habe gelernt , dass kinder , wenn sie nicht ständig etwas anderes gesagt bekommen , und auch wenn sie nur ein bisschen unterstützung bekommen , wenn man kinder sich selbst überlässt , dann können kinder sehr viel erreichen . &quot;
and dr. kean went on to tell me , he said , &quot; in my experience , unless repeatedly told otherwise , and even if given a modicum of support , if left to their own devices , a child will achieve . &quot;
and dr. kean said to me , he said , &quot; i learned that if you don &apos;t get anything else , and if you get a little bit of support , if you can get kids over themselves , kids can achieve very much . &quot;
and dr. keans kept on telling me , he said , &quot; i &apos;ve learned that kids , if they don &apos;t get anything else , and even if they get a little bit of support , if you can get kids to survive themselves , they can get very much more children . &quot;

sie befähigten uns , die geschichte vom neuromarketing zu erzählen , so wie wir die geschichte in diesem film erzählen , dass man heutzutage mris benutzt , um die lustzentren des hirns anzupeilen , sowohl um werbung als auch filme zu machen .
they enabled us to tell the story about neuromarketing , as we got into telling the story in this film about how now they &apos;re using mri &apos;s to target the desire centers of your brain for both commercials as well as movie marketing .
they empowered us to tell the story of neuromarketing , as we tell the story in this film , that you &apos;re using mri today to make the headline of the brain central to make both advertising and make movies .
they were able to tell us the story of neuromarketing , as we &apos;re telling the story in this film , that you &apos;re using mris to use the lustasy of the brain &apos;s brain , both to make movies .

mein guter freund ray kurzweil hat uns gezeigt , dass jedes tool , das zur informationstechnologie wird , auf der kurve von moores gesetz große sprünge macht , und sich der preis-performance-quotient alle 12 bis 24 monate verdoppelt .
my good friend ray kurzweil showed that any tool that becomes an information technology jumps on this curve , on moore &apos;s law , and experiences price performance doubling every 12 to 24 months .
my good friend ray shorter has shown us that every tool , the information technology is going to be on the curve of moore &apos;s curved law , and the prices of pricing performance every 12 to 24 months .
my good friend of god is showing us that every tool that will become information technology to information technology , on the curve of moore &apos;s law , and the pristine game is doubling all the way down to 12 months .

ich verpflichtete mich an ort und stelle gegenüber seinem bruder und seinem vater – mit den worten : &quot; gut , mein vorschlag ist folgendermaßen : tony wird sprechen , wir werden ihm einen apparat besorgen und wir werden einen weg finden , dass er wieder seine kunst machen kann .
i committed to his brother and his father right then and there -- i &apos;m like , &quot; all right , here &apos;s the deal : tony &apos;s going to speak , we &apos;re going to get him a machine , and we &apos;re going to figure out a way for him to do his art again .
i was committed to the place and to his brother and his father -- with the words , &quot; well , my proposal is that tony &apos;s following : tony &apos;s going to speak , we &apos;re going to get a worried and we &apos;ll find a way to find that he can do his art again .
i was committed to his brother and his brother and his father -- with the words : &quot; well , my suggestion is , tony is going to speak : tony is going to talk to him , we &apos;re going to get a machine , and we &apos;re going to find a way back that he can do his art .

letztendlich , eine folge des kaufens einer schlecht sitzenden jeans wenn es nur eine art zu kaufen gibt ist , dass wenn sie unzufrieden sind , und sie sich fragen warum , wer verantwortlich ist , die antwort klar ist . die welt ist verantwortlich . was hätten sie tun können ?
finally , one consequence of buying a bad-fitting pair of jeans when there is only one kind to buy is that when you are dissatisfied , and you ask why , who &apos;s responsible , the answer is clear : the world is responsible . what could you do ?
finally , a consequence of buying a bad voice if there &apos;s only one way to buy it , is that if you &apos;re unsatisfied , and you ask yourself , why is the answer , the answer is clear . the world is responsible . what can you do ?
finally , a sequence of the buy of a consultants if there &apos;s only one way to buy , that if you &apos;re unsatisfied , and you ask yourself , why is the answer . the world is clear . what could you have done ?

unter dann gibt es auch schon sachen , die total im alltag angekommen sind , was den meisten leuten aber gar nicht bewusst ist , zum beispiel waschmittelenzyme , die uns erlauben , mit vierzig grad wäsche zu waschen , sind auch gentechnisch optimierte enzyme .
and then there are things that have already become part of everyday life , although most people are not aware of it , such as washing powder enzymes , which allow us to wash clothes at forty degrees , which are also genetically optimised enzymes .
and then there &apos;s also some stuff that &apos;s already done in the everyday life , which is most people , but not consciously , for example , washing green enzymes that allow us to wash four degrees , are also more sophisticated enzymes .
there &apos;s also things that are all over the day in the day , which most people are not aware of , for example , in the waking enzyme that allow us to wash up with four degrees , but also optimistic enzyme .

wie oft haben wir einen politischen führer gewählt -- und manchmal haben wir eine menge energie verbraucht , um einen neuen politischen führer zu wählen - und dann lehnen wir uns zurück und wir erwarten , dass die regierung , unsere werte widerspiegelt und unsere bedürfnisse erfüllt , und dann hat sich nicht viel verändert ?
now how many times have we elected a political leader -- and sometimes we spend a lot of energy getting a new political leader elected -- and then we sit back and we expect government to reflect our values and meet our needs , and then not that much changes ?
how often we chose a political leader -- and sometimes we have a lot of energy to choose a new political leader -- and then we look back , and we expect that government to reflect our values , and our needs , and our needs , and then we don &apos;t have much change ?
how often we chose a political leader -- and sometimes we need a lot of energy to choose a new political leader -- and then we leverage ourselves back and we expect that the government reflects our values and our needs , and then we don &apos;t change a lot ?

nun , ich mag ein bisschen extrem sein , wissen sie , darin , wie wenig appetit ich auf das zehren von erinnerungen habe , aber selbst , wenn sie mehr davon machen gibt es eine echte frage . warum geben wir erinnerungen so viel gewicht im verlgeich zu dem gewicht , das wir erlebnissen geben ?
now , i may be a bit extreme , you know , in how little appetite i have for consuming memories , but even if you do more of this , there is a genuine question : why do we put so much weight on memory relative to the weight that we put on experiences ?
now , i like a little bit of an extreme , you know , in this way , you know , how little appetite i have to remember the pattern of memory , but even if you make more of it , there &apos;s a real question . why do we spend so much memory in the weight of the weight that we give ?
now , i like a little bit extreme , you know , how little appearance i have on the toes of memories , but even if you do more about it , there &apos;s a real question . why do we give you a lot of balance in the mind that we give ?

ich wollte in die routine und die bequemlichkeit des lebens eines unbekannten vororts zurück – eine großmutter , eine mutter und zwei töchter , die jeden ihrer tage so abschlossen wie seit zwanzig jahren , indem sie einander die geschichten ihres tages erzählten und einschliefen , wir drei immer noch im selben bett .
i wanted to retreat to the routines and comfort of life in an unsung suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters ending each day as they had for almost 20 years , telling one another the story of their day and falling asleep , the three of us still in the same bed .
i wanted to go back to the routine and the emphasis of a unknown life -- a grandmother , a grandmother , a mother and two daughters that have been so devastating for every day as they &apos;ve been 20 years by telling the stories of their day and joining three , we &apos;re still in the same bed .
i wanted to go back to the routine and the quest of life of an unknown life -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters , the two days of their deadmill as long as they were forced to tell each other by telling their stories , and we still have the same bed in the same bed .

diese leisten vielleicht einen moderaten beitrag und wenn sie besseres leisten als ich erwarte , wäre das toll , aber meine kernaussage hier ist , dass wir an all jenen fünf arbeiten müssen , und wir können keine von ihnen aufgeben , weil sie uns einschüchtern , denn alle haben signifikante probleme .
those may make some contribution , and if they can do better than i expect , so much the better , but my key point here is that we &apos;re going to have to work on each of these five , and we can &apos;t give up any of them because they look daunting , because they all have significant challenges .
this may be a modern contribution , and if you &apos;re going to be better than i expect , that would be great , but my core statement here is that we have to work on all five jones , and we can &apos;t give them any of you , because you &apos;ve given us all the significant problems .
and maybe these guys might make a modern contribution , and if they were better than i would expect , that would be great , but my core statement here is that we need to work on all those five , and we can &apos;t give them any of them because they &apos;ve got us all the canadian problems , because they have all the problems .

wenn ich ihnen 600 zeitschriften zeige und sie in 10 kategorien aufteile oder ich ihnen 400 zeitschriften zeige , und diese in 20 kategorien aufteile , dann glauben sie , dass ich ihnen mehr auswahl und eine bessere auswahlerfahrung gegeben habe , als ich ihnen die 400 gegeben hätte gegenüber dem , wenn ich ihnen die 600 gegeben hätte .
if i show you 600 magazines and i divide them up into 10 categories , versus i show you 400 magazines and divide them up into 20 categories , you believe that i have given you more choice and a better choosing experience if i gave you the 400 than if i gave you the 600 .
now , when i show you 600 magazines and i put them in 10 categories , or i show you 400 years of time magazine , and i show them 20 companies in 20 categories , and then they believe that i gave them more choices and i gave them a better choice experience than i had given them 400 times when i had given them 400 , if i had given them 600 .
if i show you 600 newspapers , and you put them in 10 categories , or i show you 400 magazines , and then in these 20 categories of categories , you believe that i have given you more choice and better choice than i gave them 400 times when i gave them 600 .

falls ich ihnen heute eine sache näherbringen möchte ist es , dass die gesamtheit der daten , die wir konsumieren , größer ist als die summe ihrer einzelteile und anstatt dabei an informationsüberladung zu denken möchte ich , dass sie darüber nachdenken wie wir information so nutzen können , dass sich muster ergeben und wir so trends erkennen , die ansonsten nicht sichtbar geworden wären .
if i can leave you with one big idea today , it &apos;s that the whole of the data in which we consume is greater that the sum of the parts , and instead of thinking about information overload , what i &apos;d like you to think about is how we can use information so that patterns pop and we can see trends that would otherwise be invisible .
now , if i want to show you one thing today , it &apos;s that the total data that we consume is larger than the sum of their parts and instead of thinking of information , i want you to think about how we can use information so that we can use patterns , and we realize that we &apos;re going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to see these trends .
now , if i want to share with you one of the things i want to do today is that the total data that we consume is bigger than the sum of their parts , instead of thinking about information translation , i want you to think about how we can use information so that we could recognize patterns and see the pattern that we wouldn &apos;t be able to see .

ich reiste einmal mit einem jungen kollegen 6000 meilen von chengdu in westchina überland durch südost-tibet nach lhasa und erst als ich nach lhasa kam sah ich das gesicht hinter den statistiken von denen man hört . 6000 heilige monumente , die in schutt und asche verwandelt wurden . 1,2 millionen menschen , die während der kulturrevolution von den kadern ermordet wurden .
i once travelled 6,000 miles from chengdu in western china overland through southeastern tibet to lhasa with a young colleague , and it was only when i got to lhasa that i understood the face behind the statistics you hear about : 6,000 sacred monuments torn apart to dust and ashes , 1.2 million people killed by the cadres during the cultural revolution .
i was traveling with a young boy of 6,000 miles from western land in china across south dose to south tibet , and when i was hated to hate the face of la , i was listening to the face of the statistics that you hear about 6,000 monholy , and the 1.2 million , and millions of people were transformed by the cultural revolution as the cultural revolution were murdered .
once i traveled with a young colleagues of 6,000 miles from norchief china in west china , from southern dotila to l.a. to la , and when i came to lla , i saw the face behind the statistics behind the statistics of 6,000 sacrits that were turned into and turned to 1.2 million people who were murdered in the cultural revolution .

und somit gibt es verschiedene , aber das schöne daran ist , dass ein uranmolekül eine millionen mal so viel energie hat wie ein , sagen wir , ein kohlemolekül und deshalb , wenn sie mit den problemen umgehen können und die sind hauptsächlich die strahlung , der fußabdruck und die kosten , spielt das potential , also die auswirkungen auf das land und andere dinge , fast in einer eigenen liga .
and so , there are different ones , but the beauty of this is a molecule of uranium has a million times as much energy as a molecule of , say , coal , and so -- if you can deal with the negatives , which are essentially the radiation -- the footprint and cost , the potential , in terms of effect on land and various things , is almost in a class of its own .
and so there are different ways of doing this , but the beautiful thing is that a molecule has so much energy as a matter of energy , we say , a colear molecule , and therefore , if you can deal with the problems , and most of the radiation , the cost of the pressure and the cost , so the potential to play on the land and the things that are almost different things in your own country .
and so there are different , and so there are different , but the beautiful thing about it is that a molecule has a lot of millions of times as much energy as we say , a cohy molecule , and therefore , if you can deal with the problems and the problems that are mainly available , the footprint and the footprint , the potential of the land , and the other things that live in a country , almost a likelihood .

und wo auch immer man sich in der welt umsieht , man wird entdecken , dass diese kulturen nicht dem untergang geweiht sind . dies sind dynamisch lebende völker , deren existenz durch erkennbare kräfte verdrängt wird die über ihre kapazität der anpassung hinausgehen . ob es sich dabei um die ungeheuerliche abholzung im heimatland der penan handelt , einem nomadenvolk aus südostasien , von sarawak , einem volk , das vor einer generation frei in dem wald lebte , und jetzt zu knechtschaft und prostitution am flussufer erniedrigt wurde , von wo sie sehen können , dass selbst der fluss mit dem schlamm verschmutzt wird , der fast halb borneo in das südchinesische meer wegzuschwemmen scheint . von wo die japanischen frachter am horizont zu sehen sind , die bereit sind , ihre schiffsräume mit rohen baumstämmen zu füllen , die sie dem wald entrissen haben . oder wie im fall der yanomami , wo es krankheitsträger sind , die während des goldrauschs eingeschleppt wurden .
wherever you look around the world , you discover that these are not cultures destined to fade away ; these are dynamic living peoples being driven out of existence by identifiable forces that are beyond their capacity to adapt to : whether it &apos;s the egregious deforestation in the homeland of the penan -- a nomadic people from southeast asia , from sarawak -- a people who lived free in the forest until a generation ago , and now have all been reduced to servitude and prostitution on the banks of the rivers , where you can see the river itself is soiled with the silt that seems to be carrying half of borneo away to the south china sea , where the japanese freighters hang light in the horizon ready to fill their holds with raw logs ripped from the forest -- or , in the case of the yanomami , it &apos;s the disease entities that have come in , in the wake of the discovery of gold .
and wherever you look around the world , you will find that these cultures are not underground . these are dynamically living peoples , whose existence of recognized by the realities that are devastating to the capacity of the capacity of the city , whether it &apos;s unbelievable in the abundance of the land in the country , in the pencil of the country , of a state of the people who live by sarawages , who have now lived in a border , and they have been able to see in the forecraft , and have been able to look at the peripherd , which is less flourish , which is now where they have been able to look at the bottom line of the wall by the wall by the fall , which is almost in the edge of the way , which the way , where they have been able to see in the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall .
and wherever you see in the world , you &apos;ll discover that these cultures are not subsidized . these are dynamically living , whose existence is devastated by the existence of their capacity . whether it seems to be devastated in the humility of the people in the middle of the city , in a sweet of the people who live in the hills , in the forest , and that they &apos;re going to be able to be able to be able to see where they &apos;re going to go from the soul , where they &apos;re going to be the south of the south of the sea , where they &apos;re going to see where they &apos;re going to see where they &apos;re going .

