irák vlastní zbraně hromadného ničení ;
iraq possesses weapons of mass destruction ;
iraq &apos;s own weapons of mass destruction ;
iraq to its own weapons of mass destruction ;

to jsou pochopitelně spletité otázky .
these are obviously knotty questions .
these are , of course , complex issues .
this is , of course , a split issue .

naštěstí stála británie vždy poněkud stranou .
fortunately , britain has always been an outsider .
fortunately , britain has always been a little party .
fortunately , britain has always been a little party to britain .

prezident evropské komise prodi .
commission president prodi .
president of the european commission prodi .
the president of the european commission is prodi .

skutečné náklady války v iráku
the true costs of the iraq war
the real cost of the war in iraq is the real cost of the war .
the real cost of war in iraq in iraq

projekty tudíž musí být uvedeny do praxe nejpozději do roku 2007 .
therefore , projects need to be operational at the latest by 2007 .
projects therefore need to be put into practice by 2007 at the latest .
the projects must therefore be put into practice by the end of 2007 .

státní převrat arnolda schwarzeneggera
the eighteenth brumaire of arnold schwarzenegger
the coup d &apos;état schwarzenegg
state transfer of arnolla schwarzens of eggs

kdo prosazuje velké ekonomické cíle , k nimž patří i rozšíření ?
who is championing bold economic measures such as enlargement ?
who is promoting major economic objectives , including enlargement ?
who promotes major economic objectives , which include enlargement ?

nemluvím o zásadách , ale o politice .
i speak not of principles , but of policy .
i am not talking about principles , but about politics .
i am not talking about principles , but about politics .

můžeme jim čelit něčím jiným než právy jednotlivce ?
can we oppose them with anything but individual rights ?
can we face them with something other than individual rights ?
can we face some other rights than individual rights ?

dlouhodobý ekonomický pokrok pramení především z objevů a šíření zdokonalených technologií .
long-term economic progress comes mainly from the invention and spread of improved technologies .
long-term economic progress will be made mainly from discoveries and the spread of better technology .
long-term economic progress is being made , above all , from the dissemination and dissemination of improved technologies .

to však bude téměř nemožné bez spolupráce nevládních organizací na obranu lidských práv v rusku .
this will be all but impossible without cooperation with non-governmental human rights organizations in russia .
however , this will be almost impossible without the cooperation of ngos to defend human rights in russia .
however , this will almost be impossible without cooperation by ngos in defence of human rights in russia .

existuje také všeobecná neochota nežádoucí účinky léčiv ohlašovat .
there is also a general reluctance to report unfavorable drug effects .
there is also a general lack of willingness and undesirable effects of medicine .
there is also a general unwilling and undesirable impact on medicines .

obdobně výjimečnou zátěž představují v africe i další parazitická onemocnění .
other tropical parasitic diseases imply similarly extraordinary burdens in africa .
similarly , the exceptional burden is another parameter in africa and other parameters .
similarly , the exceptional burden in africa is another parameter disease in africa .

charakteristika této nové struktury již byla zkoumána ve velmi odlišném kontextu .
the characteristics of this new structure have already been studied in a very different context .
the characteristic of this new structure has already been examined in a very different context .
the characteristic of this new structure has already been examined in a very different context .

obě země jsou koneckonců konfrontovány stejnými příležitostmi a stejnými handicapy .
both countries , after all , confront the same opportunities and handicaps .
after all , both countries are confronted with the same opportunities and the same handicaps .
after all , both countries are confronted with the same opportunities and the same handicaps .

bylo by bláhové popírat , že některé z těchto faktorů představují vážný problém .
it would be foolish to deny that some of these factors represent serious challenges .
it would be blatant to deny that some of these factors represent a serious problem .
it would be a blow to deny that some of these factors represent a serious problem .

po desetiletí trvajícím odstavení od moci náhle poláci znovu získali možnost sebeurčení .
after decades of disempowerment , poles suddenly regained their capacity for self-determination .
for decades , the permanent decommissioning of power has once again received the possibility of self-determination .
for decades , the permanent decommissioning of power from a sudden poles has once again gained the possibility of self-determination .

bushův postoj je více než jen mylný ; je přímo trapný .
bush &apos;s position is more than wrong ; it is an embarrassment .
the bush position is more than a myth ; it is directly embarrassing .
bush &apos;s position is more than just a myth ; it is directly embarrassing .

jsem tedy přesvědčena , že déletrvající roztržka na obzoru není .
so i do not believe that a lasting rift looms .
so i am convinced that the banning market is not on the screen .
therefore , i believe that the depletion of the market on the obesity is not .

tyto růstové rozdíly naznačují , že celková globální nerovnost nemusela jednoznačně zesílit .
such growth differences suggest that overall global inequality may not have increased unequivocally .
these growth differences indicate that overall global inequality did not have to increase clearly .
these growth differences indicate that overall global inequality did not have to make it clear .

když do hry vstoupilo japonsko , ztratily konkurenční výhodu například německé přesné nástroje a optická zařízení .
german precision instruments and optical equipment , for example , lost their competitive edge when japan entered the game .
when japan entered the game , it lost the competitive advantage of german accurate instruments and optional facilities , for example .
when japan entered the game , it lost a competitive advantage , for example , for german accurate instruments and opium facilities .

žádná společnost zatím nevytvořila všeobecně uznávanou metodu , jak měřit úspěšnost expertokracie .
no society has yet created a widely trusted method for keeping score on the punditocracy .
so far , no company has established a generally recognised method of measuring the success of experts in the countryside .
meanwhile , no society has created a generally recognised method of measuring the success of the expertise of the countryside .

zdá se , že také načasování referenda o ústavě je součástí této zdržovací taktiky .
the timing of the constitutional referendum appears to be a part of this delaying strategy .
it seems that the timing of the referendum on the constitution also seems to be part of this abstained tactics .
it seems that the timing of the referendum on the constitution is also part of this abstention .

má vlast , polsko , měla vždy hluboké kulturní vazby k jiným evropským zemím , zejména k francii .
my country , poland , has always had deep cultural ties to other european countries , especially france .
my home country , poland , has always had deep cultural ties to other european countries , especially france .
my country , poland , has always had deep cultural links to other european countries , especially france .

odstranění vnitřních hranic eu přineslo všem zemím podstatné rozšíření trhu a možnost uplatnění množstevních úspor .
the dismantling of the eu &apos;s internal borders boosted each country &apos;s market size and brought about the predicted economies of scale .
the removal of the internal borders of the eu has brought significant market expansion to all countries and the possibility of applying quantitative savings .
the removal of the internal borders of the eu has brought to all countries with significant expansion of the market and the possibility of applying quantitative savings .

ve skutečnosti útoky , ač nečekané co do metody , symbolického charakteru a rozsahu , nic nezměnily .
in fact , the attacks , while surprising in their method , symbolic character , and scope , changed nothing .
in fact , the attacks that have not been expected in the methods , symbolic nature and scope have changed nothing .
in fact , the attacks , which were not expected to go into the methods , symbolic nature and scope have changed nothing .

naopak biče je zapotřebí k tomu , aby tyto pobídky nebyly blokovány v neproduktivních a zbytečných investicích .
in turn , the stick is needed to ensure that these incentives do not lock in unproductive and wasteful investments .
on the contrary , it is necessary for these incentives not to be blocked in non-productive and unnecessary investments .
on the contrary , bias is needed to ensure that these incentives are not blocked in non-productive and unnecessary investment .

klíčovou výzvou ekonomického rozvoje je rozpoznat , v produkci čeho je země dobrá ( nebo by dobrá mohla být ) .
learning what a country is ( or can be ) good at producing is a key challenge of economic development .
the key challenge of economic development is to recognise what a country is good ( or could be good ) in production .
the key challenge of economic development is to recognise what the country is good ( or good could be ) .

na západě se objevily snahy z naší pohnuté doby vykouzlit <unk> střet civilizací &quot; .
some in the west have tried to conjure a &quot; clash of civilizations &quot; out of our troubled times .
in the west , efforts have emerged from our futile times to avoid clashes of civilisation &apos; .
in the west , efforts have emerged from our missing time to fill the clashes of civilisation &apos; .

to však pomohlo spíše malým než velkým evropským státům a pro německo jakožto největší evropskou ekonomiku to znamenalo další konkurenci .
but this helped europe &apos;s small countries more than the big ones , and it implied more competition for germany , europe &apos;s biggest economy .
however , this has helped small rather than large european states and , as the largest european economy , it has meant further competition .
however , this has helped small , rather than large european states , and for germany as the largest european economy , this has meant further competition .

místo toho , aby silně postihnul efektivnost francouzské ekonomiky přinesl tolik důležité zvýšení produktivity , a to díky zvýšení její flexibility .
instead of whacking french efficiency it brought important productivity improvements through increased flexibility .
instead of severely affecting the efficiency of the french economy , it has brought so much to increase productivity , thanks to an increase in its flexibility .
instead of affecting the effectiveness of the french economy , it has brought so much important increase in productivity , thanks to increasing its flexibility .

experimentování a inovování na těchto frontách v počátečním období růstu může později vynést vysoké dividendy .
using an initial period of growth to experiment and innovate on these fronts can pay high dividends later on .
experiments and innovation on these frontiers in the initial period of growth may later result in a high dividend .
the experimentation and innovation on these fronts in the initial period of growth may later result in high dividends .

tento měsíc se voda opět dostane do centra dění , a to na čtvrtém světovém fóru o vodě v mexico city .
this month , water once again takes center stage at the fourth world water forum in mexico city .
this month , water will come to the centre again , at the fourth world water forum in city .
this month , water will come to the centre once again , at the fourth world water forum in city .

plán růstu v kandidátských zemích je pro brusel očividně jediným imperativem ; makroekonomická stabilita může počkat .
the objective of growth for the accession countries is apparently the sole imperative in brussels ; macroeconomic stability can wait .
the growth plan in candidate countries is obviously the only imperative for brussels ; macro-economic stability can wait .
obviously , the road map for growth in candidate countries is the only imperative for brussels ; macro-economic stability can wait .

každopádně už bylo na protesty pozdě : desítka východoevropských států se již těšila z členství v unii .
but in any event , it was too late to protest : the ten eastern states had already been granted membership of the union .
in any case , it was late to protest : dozens of eastern european states have already enjoyed membership of the union .
in any case , it has already been late on protests : dozens of eastern european states have already been from membership of the union .

ecb nesmí udělat tutéž chybu , což je řečeno s vědomím , že tyto dvě centrální banky působí v odlišných podmínkách a za jiných omezení .
the ecb must not make the same mistake , even bearing in mind that the two central banks operate in different milieus and under different constraints .
the ecb must not make the same mistake , which is to say that these two central banks operate in different conditions and other restrictions .
the ecb must not make the same mistake , which is to say that these two central banks operate in different conditions and in other restrictions .

nic z toho nezviklalo zbytek světa , který na válku pohlíží se směsicí opovržení a znepokojení .
none of this swayed the rest of the world , which views the war with disdain and alarm .
none of this has resulted in the rest of the world , which looks at the war with contempt and concern .
none of this has seen the rest of the world , who is looking at the war , is looking at the sidelines and concern .

až donedávna nikdo nevěděl , který z těchto táborů má pravdu , poněvadž nikdo nepočítal skóre .
until recently , no one knew who is right , because no one was keeping score .
until recently , no one knew the truth of these camps , because no one counted skies .
until recently , no one knew who was right from these camps , because no one was counted by the skirs .

na konci leto<unk> ¡ nã <unk> ho â <unk> <unk> supervolebnã <unk> ho &quot; roku budeme znã ¡ t odpověď .
at the end of this current &quot; super election year , &quot; we will know the answer .
at the end of the year , we will find the answer to the message of communication by the communication of the superpower , which we will have a big answer at the end of the year .
at the end of the blanket , the suspicious act of the embassy would be a substitute for a superfledged superflux &apos; , we will have a strong response .

stále by ale bylo potřeba prověřit , jestli znamenaly skutečnou hrozbu za iráckými hranicemi a jestli by bez současné války byly kdy použity .
whether they posed any real threat outside iraq &apos;s borders , or would have been used in the absence of the current war , must still be assessed .
however , it would still be necessary to check whether it was a real threat to iraqi borders and whether they were used without the current war .
however , it would still be necessary to check whether they have a real threat to iraqi borders and whether they would have been used without the current war .

za normálních okolností by americký obranný projekt v takto rané fázi nevyvolával tolik rozruchu , kolik ho je kolem programu nmd .
normally , a us defense project in its infancy would not cause the excitement nmd generates .
under normal circumstances , the us defence project would not have called for so many tourism at such an early stage as it is around the ngo programme .
under normal circumstances , the american defence project , in such an early phase , would not allow so much tourism , as the nd programme is around .

v posledních deseti letech je německo nejpomaleji rostoucí ekonomikou v evropské unii a evropa nejpomaleji rostoucím kontinentem na světě .
over the last decade , germany has been the slowest growing economy in the european union , and europe has been the slowest growing continent in the world .
in the last 10 years , germany has been the strongest economy in the european union and europe is the world &apos;s largest continent .
in the last ten years , germany is the worst growing economy in the european union and europe is facing the growing continent in the world .

pokud však nepřátelé pouze vyhrožují , je lepší nejprve prosadit svou legitimitu a tím získat určitou věrohodnost jak doma , tak v zahraničí .
but when enemies are merely threatening , it is better first to assert legitimacy , and thus acquire some credibility at home and abroad .
however , if the enemies are only threatening them , it is better first to assert their legitimacy and obtain some credibility both at home and abroad .
however , if the enemies do not only threaten , it is better to bring their legitimacy first and thus to gain some credibility both at home and abroad .

velikost země však v rozhodovacím procesu eu hraje jen omezenou roli , poněvadž politický vliv uvnitř unie závisí spíše na ekonomické síle .
but the size of a country plays only a limited role in the eu &apos;s decision-making process , because political influence within the union depends more on economic power .
however , the size of the country in the eu &apos;s decision-making process plays only a limited role , because the political influence within the union depends rather on the economic strength of the union .
however , the size of the country in the decision-making process of the eu has a limited role , since the political influence within the union depends rather on economic networks .

hlavním rysem prvního desetiletí papežova vládnutí byl každopádně jeho boj proti diktatuře - zejména proti diktatuře komunistické .
indeed , the central feature of the first decade of the pope &apos;s reign was his struggle against dictatorship--communist dictatorship in particular .
in any case , the main feature of the first decade of papessimism was its fight against dictatorship - particularly against the communist dictatorship .
in any case , the main feature of the first decade of papeer government was in any way his fight against the dictatorship - particularly against the dictatorship of communist .

postavení žen se zlepšilo a dívky dnes mají rovný přístup ke vzdělání , přičemž v mnoha zemích je jich na školy přijímáno dokonce více než chlapců .
women &apos;s status has improved , and girls enjoy equal access to education , with even higher enrollment rates than boys in many countries .
women &apos;s position has improved and girls have equal access to education today , with even more than boys being received in many countries .
women &apos;s position has improved and girls today have equal access to education , with even more than boys in many countries on schools .

půvab vůdčího postavení usa v zahraničí částečně spočívá v přitažlivosti amerických politických institucí , americké společnosti a kultury a v ochotě ameriky prosazovat lidská práva a demokracii .
the appeal of us leadership abroad rests in part on the attractiveness of america &apos;s political institutions , society , and culture , and its willingness to champion human rights and democracy .
the leadership of the us leader abroad partially lies in the attractiveness of the american political institutions , us society and culture , and in the willingness of america to promote human rights and democracy .
the space of the us leader abroad is partly in the attractiveness of the us political institutions , american society and culture , and in the willingness of america to promote human rights and democracy .

tato propast mezi lidskými právy a chováním vládců s sebou přinesla největší posun v řešení mezinárodních záležitostí dneška - příchod , , humanitární intervence &quot; .
this gap between human rights and the behavior of rulers has brought about the greatest shift in the conduct of international affairs in our time--the advent of &quot; humanitarian intervention . &quot;
this gap between human rights and government behaviour has brought the greatest progress in tackling international affairs today - the arrival , humanitarian intervention &apos; .
this gap between human rights and government governments has brought the greatest shift in the solution to the international affairs of today - the ceasefire , humanitarian intervention &apos; .

penzisté patří mezi nejsilnějsí lobby v demokratických systémech a politici se zdráhají jít s nimi v tak zásadní otázce do střetu .
pensioners are among the most powerful lobbies in a democracy , and politicians are loath to confront them on so fundamental an issue .
pensioners are among the strongest lobby lobby in democratic systems and politicians are reluctant to go into such a fundamental issue .
pensioners are among the strongest lobby lobby in democratic systems and politicians are reluctant to go to such a major question of conflict .

to však , jak se zdá , přáním německých voličů není , a proto nelze odhadnout , jaká bude za čtyři roky názorová orientace německé politiky .
but this does not seem to be what the german electorate wants , and this makes the complexion of german politics four years from now incalculable .
however , this seems to be not the wishes of the german electorate , and therefore it cannot be estimated what the german policy orientation will be in four years &apos; time .
however , as the german electorate seems , the friends of german voters are not , and that is why we cannot estimate what the german policy orientation will be over four years .

bangladéšský ženský stipendijní program pro střední školství zase úspěšně pomohl dívkám mezi 11 a 14 lety odložit manželství a setrvat ve škole .
bangladesh &apos;s female secondary stipend program was successful in helping girls aged 11 to 14 to delay marriage and remain in school .
bangladesh scholarships for secondary school have , in turn , successfully helped the girls between 11 and 14 years to postpone marriage and insist on school .
bangladesh , once again , the programme for secondary education has successfully helped girls between 11 and 14 years to postpone marriage and insist in school .

indické společnosti kotované v zahraničí mohou za hranicemi nakupovat majetek a domácím firmám bude povoleno si předplatit zahraniční obchodní dluh do výše 100 milionů usd .
indian companies listed abroad can buy property in foreign countries , and resident firms will be allowed to pre-pay external commercial debt up to us $ 100 million .
indian companies bordering abroad can buy property outside borders and domestic companies will be allowed to pay usd 100 million for foreign trade debt .
the indian companies colonised abroad can buy assets outside borders and domestic companies will be allowed to pay foreign trade debts to usd 100 million .

tón komentářů prezidenta ecb jeana-clauda tricheta během dotazové části tiskové konference po říjnové schůzce byl neobvykle jestřábí .
the tone of ecb president jean-claude trichet &apos;s comments in the q &amp; a section of the press conference following the october meeting was unusually hawkish .
the comments made by the president of the ecb , jean-claude trichet , during the questionnaire conference after the october meeting , were usually not shaped .
the tone of the comments made by the president of the ecb , jean-claude trichet trichet , during the questionnaire part of the press conference after the october summit , was normally shameful .

nejdůležitějším strategickým cílem mého úřadu je tedy zajistit , aby se lidé naučili lépe hájit svá práva , a přimět úřady , aby braly stížnosti obyčejných rusů v potaz .
the most important strategic goal of my office is that people learn how to defend their rights better , and to make the authorities take the complaints of ordinary russians into consideration .
the most important strategic objective of my office is therefore to ensure that people learn better to defend their rights and to force the authorities to take account of the complaints of ordinary russians .
the most important strategic objective of my office is therefore to ensure that people learn better to defend their rights , and to encourage the authorities to take the complaint of ordinary russians into account .

totéž bude platit i o otázce , jak si svět poradí s klimatickými změnami způsobenými člověkem <unk> což je další ze zdánlivě neřešitelných globálních problémů .
the same will be true of how the world best addresses manmade climate change -- another of those seemingly intractable global problems .
the same will apply to the question as to how the world is consulting the climate change caused by a man who is another apparent global problem .
the same will also apply to the question of how the world is consulting climate change caused by man-made mandates , which is more of the unquestionable global problems .

jelikož se dnes pozornost světa soustředí na irák , severní koreu a možný střet s íránem kvůli jaderným zbraním , zmizelo kosovo z <unk> radarové obrazovky <unk> .
with the world focused on iraq , north korea , and a possible clash with iran over nuclear weapons , kosovo has fallen off the radar screen .
as the world &apos;s attention today is concentrated on iraq , north korea and the possible conflict with iran due to nuclear weapons , kosovo has disappeared from radar &apos;s massive screens .
since today the world &apos;s attention is concentrated on iraq , north korea and possible conflict with iran due to nuclear weapons , kosovo has disappeared from the radar of the assassination .

všechno je vnímáno jako politikum a hlasy , nikoliv jako technický problém vyžadující technické znalosti ; právě proto je africká chudoba tak často připisována korupci , a ne ekologickým problémům .
everything is viewed as politics and votes , not as technical problems requiring technological expertise , which is why africa &apos;s poverty is so often attributed to corruption rather than to ecological challenges .
everything is seen as politicians and voices , not as a technical problem requiring technical knowledge ; that is why african poverty is so often attributed to corruption , not environmental problems .
everything is perceived as a politicians and voices , not as a technical problem requiring technical knowledge ; that is why africa &apos;s poverty is often attached to corruption and not environmental problems .

mnoho komentátorů se však domnívá , že voliči protestovali proti tomu , co vnímají jako ukvapené přijetí deseti nových členských států , převážně mnohem chudších zemí ze střední a východní evropy .
but many commentators believe that they were protesting against what they perceived as the precipitate admission of ten new member states , mainly much poorer countries from central and eastern europe .
however , many comments are believed that voters were protesting against what they see as a hasty acceptance of the 10 new member states , mostly a much poorer country from central and eastern europe .
however , many comments are felt that the voters have protested against what they see as a hasty adoption of ten new member states , mostly much poorer countries from central and eastern europe .

politické škodě dodává na síle skutečnost , že před třiceti lety se spojené státy a tehdejší sovětský svaz vzdaly faktické obrany proti strategickým jaderným střelám .
inflating this political damage is the fact that , thirty years ago , the us and the then soviet union renounced effective defense against strategic nuclear missiles .
the political damage is harmful to the network that three years ago , the united states and the then soviet union gave up factual defence against strategic nuclear clashes .
the political damage is due to the strength that , three years ago , the united states and the then soviet union have given up de facto defence against strategic nuclear clashes .

argentina , chile i další země by se pak mohly stát moderními zemědělskými producenty a zaujmout čelní postavení například v oblasti agrobiotechnologie , pokud se tomu budou věnovat .
argentina , chile , and other countries could become high-tech agricultural producers , in the forefront of agro-biotechnology for example , if they put their minds to it .
argentina , chile and other countries could then become modern agricultural producers and take a leading position in the area of agrobiotechnology , for example , if it is addressed .
the argentina , chile and other countries , could then become modern agricultural producers and take a face in the field of agrobiotechnology , for example , if they are to do so .

indickou politickou odvahu v úsilí o dosažení míru s pákistánem ve společném soumračném zápase o kašmír , který už trvá celé půlstoletí , by brzy mohly doplnit obdobně smělé hospodářské kroky .
india &apos;s political boldness in seeking peace with pakistan in their half-century twilight struggle for kashmir may soon be matched by economic moves equally as daring .
indian political courage in the efforts to achieve peace with pakistan in a common freeze with the kashmir , which has been going on for the whole of the century , could soon complement similar economic steps .
the indian political courage in efforts to achieve peace with pakistan in a common flounder of kashmir , which is already continuing the whole century , could soon complement similar economic action .

v nejrozvinutějších zemích světa však přinesla poválečná éra těmto silným ročníkům , které se dnes pomalu chystají k odchodu do penze , do té doby nevídanou prosperitu .
but the post-war era in the world &apos;s most developed countries was one of unprecedented prosperity for the baby boom generation , which is now nearing retirement .
however , in the most developed countries of the world , the post-war era has brought these powerful roma people , which are slowly preparing to go to pension , until then unprosperous .
however , in the most developed countries of the world , it has resulted in a post-war era of these strong roles , which are slowly going to go to the penetration , until then unprosperous .

nyní se však 25 členských zemí musí potýkat s finančními důsledky tohoto rozšíření , a to nejen v otázce celkové výše rozpočtu evropské unie na příštích sedm let , ale i v otázce , kdo bude plátcem a kdo příjemcem .
but now the 25 member states must deal with the financial consequences of that enlargement , not just in the overall size of the european union budget for the next seven years , but in who pays and who benefits .
however , now , 25 member states must face the financial consequences of this enlargement , not only on the general budget of the european union for the next seven years , but also on the question of who is going to be a plan and who will be a recipient .
however , the 25 member states now have to deal with the financial consequences of this enlargement , not only on the issue of the overall budget of the european union for the next seven years , but also on the question of who will be a plan and who is a recipient .

i při ostrých debatách se spokojují s vleklou nejistotou , kdo má vlastně pravdu , připouštějí mezery ve svých vědomostech a uznávají legitimitu protikladných názorů .
they are comfortable with protracted uncertainty about who is right even in bitter debates , conceding gaps in their knowledge and granting legitimacy to opposing views .
they are satisfied with the insecure insecurity of those who are , in fact , right to accept loopholes in their knowledge and recognise the legitimacy of contrary opinions .
even in the sharp debates , they are satisfied with the insecurity of those who are actually right to leave the loopholes in their knowledge and recognise the legitimacy of anti-positive views .

naproti tomu dokonce i chile jakožto <unk> hvězda &quot; latinské ameriky zůstává do značné míry exportní ekonomikou založenou na přírodních zdrojích s velkou koncentrací na vývoz mědi a zemědělských produktů .
by contrast , even latin america &apos;s star performer , chile , remains largely a resource-based export economy , with a heavy concentration in copper and agricultural exports .
even chile , as a game of &apos; latin america &apos; , remains to a large extent exporting economy based on natural resources , with a large concentration on exports of sodi and agricultural products .
indeed , even chile as a symbol of &apos; latin america remains to a large extent exporting economy based on natural resources with a large concentration on exports of currency and agricultural products .

rozsáhlý výzkum alternativních modelů paradoxně financovalo americké ministerstvo obrany , které si jako největší světový kupec komplexních technologií přálo lepší , levnější a více na míru střižené produkty .
ironically , extensive research into alternative models was funded through the us department of defense , which , as the world &apos;s largest buyer of complex machinery , wanted better , cheaper and more tailored goods .
paradoxical research into alternative models has paradoxically financed the us defence ministry , which , as the world &apos;s largest chicken complex technology , has seen better , cheaper and more quantitative products .
paradoxically , large-scale research into alternative alternative models financed the us defence ministry , which , as the largest world cup of complex technologies , has attracted better , cheaper and more on the rate of swept products .

zapomeňme na americké řeči o podpoře poctivosti a spravedlnosti ; při obchodních jednáních usa zcela ignorují úpěnlivé prosby nejchudších zemí světa o zrušení dotací na bavlnu , které na ně mají tak ničivý efekt .
forget about america &apos;s rhetoric of upholding fairness and justice ; in trade negotiations , the us ignores the pleas of the poorest countries of the world to eliminate the cotton subsidies that have had so devastating an effect on them .
let us forget the us talk about promoting honesty and justice ; in trade negotiations , the us is completely ignoring the hardship of the poorest countries in the world to abolish subsidies on cotton , which have such devastating effects on them .
let us forget the us talk about promoting honesty and justice ; in the us trade negotiations , they completely ignore the harsh plea of the poorest countries in the world to abolish subsidies on the cotton , which have such a devastating effect on them .

ro mu-hjonovo vítězství nad i he-čchangem je dokladem generačního posunu uvnitř korejské politiky , v níž se mladší generace pokouší získat volnější ruku ve vztazích mezi koreou a usa .
roh &apos;s victory over lee hoi chang signifies a generational shift in korean politics , with the young determined to gain a freer hand in korea &apos;s relations with the us .
mr muhalo &apos;s victory for victory over both the heinous and gesture is an example of a generational move within the korean policy , in which the younger generations are trying to obtain a more free hand in relations between korea and the us .
the moh-hjoni virus vienna victory is an illustration of the generation shift within the korean policy in which the younger generation is trying to gain a more free hand in relations between korea and the us .

uvalit daň na ty , kdo například jezdí v žíznivých sportovně užitkových automobilech , je způsob , jak využít kolektivní inteligence lidstva k posouzení , kdy jsou negativní vedlejší účinky důvodem ke změně chování .
imposing a tax on those who , say , drive low-mileage suv &apos;s is a way of harnessing humanity &apos;s collective intelligence to decide when bad side effects are a reason to alter behavior .
imposing a tax on those who , for example , travel in sporting sports vehicles , is a way of using collective intelligence to assess when the negative effects on changing behaviour are more negative .
the introduction of a tax on those who , for example , fall in sporting sports cars , is the way to use collective intelligence to assess when negative effects are due to change behaviour .

jakýkoliv přístup musí být šit na míru podmínkám dané země a potřebám jejích obyvatel , přičemž však neplatí žádné fundamentální omezení pro návrhy investic do rozvoje vodních zdrojů , které zajistí hmatatelný a brzký přínos pro místní komunity a životní prostředí .
any approach must be tailored to the circumstances of each country and the needs of its people , but there is no fundamental constraint to designing water development investments that ensure that local communities and the environment gain tangible and early benefits .
however , any approach must be based on the level of conditions of the country and the needs of its population , with no fundamental restrictions on the proposals for investment in the development of water resources that will ensure tangible and brilliant benefits for local communities and the environment .
however , any approach must be based on the level of conditions of the country and the needs of its population , but it does not apply any restrictions on the proposals for investment in the development of water resources , which will ensure tangible and brilliant benefits for local communities and the environment .

ekonom thomas holmes podle scénáře , který vyhlíží tajemně jako šíření globální pandemie , vytvořil dynamickou mapovou simulaci zachycující šíření prodejen wal-mart napříč spojenými státy .
in a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist thomas holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of wal-mart stores throughout the united states .
the economist of thomas holmes , according to a scenario that prospects secretly like the spread of a global pandemic , has created a dynamic map for banning the sale of only wal-marty across the united states .
the economist economists thomas holmes , according to the scenario that the prospect of secrecy as the spread of a global pandemic , has created a dynamic massacre to the spread of sale by only wallis across the united states .

mezinárodní směnné relace rozvojových zemí se zhoršily : ceny primárních komodit z pohledu výrobců poklesly , stejně jako ceny tropického zemědělství oproti zemědělství mírného podnebného pásma , a ceny neznačkových výrobců se oproti produkci chráněné právy k duševnímu vlastnictví propadly .
developing countries &apos; international terms of trade have worsened : prices of primary commodities have declined in relation to manufactures , as have tropical agriculture prices against temperate agriculture , and prices of generic manufactures have fallen relative to output protected by intellectual property rights .
the international exchange rate for developing countries has worsened : the prices of primary commodity commodities have fallen from the perspective of producers , as well as the price of tropical agriculture compared to the agricultural underground leakage , and the price of untapped producers compared to the production of protected intellectual property rights has fallen .
the international exchange of developing countries has deteriorated : the prices of primary commodities have fallen from the point of view of producers , as well as the price of tropical agriculture , compared to the irreplaceable agricultural sector , and the prices of non-considerable producers , compared to the production of intellectual property rights .

připočteme-li k nim euroskeptiky z řad členských zemí eu , jako berlusconiho v itálii nebo rakouskou vládní koalici schüssela a haidera , uvědomíme si , že jednou by se mohla zvrhnout sama podstata evropské politiky .
linked to eu <<unk>> tics like italy &apos;s berlusconi and austria &apos;s schüssel-haider coalition , the very nature of european politics may turn decidedly nasty .
if we add to these eurosceptics from the eu member states , such as berlusconi in italy or the austrian government coalition schüssela and hasher , we realise that one could confuse the essence of european policy .
if we wait for these eurosceptics from eu member states , such as berlusconi in italy or the austrian government coalition schsseas and hahaider , we realise that once again it could be brought to the heart of european policy .

tony blair , tento kdysi zapálený stoupenec evropy ( přinejmenším na nenáročné britské poměry ) , možná bude muset nakonec předat moc gordonu brownovi , který se proslavil chladným postojem k evropské integraci .
tony blair , once an ardent pro-european ( at least by britain &apos;s undemanding standards ) , might finally have to cede power to gordon brown , who is famously cold to european integration .
at the very least , it will be possible to hand over power to gordon brown , who , at the end of the day , had a cold supporter of europe ( at least on the non-british currency ) , perhaps it will ultimately have to hand over power to gordon brown , who has made a pleasant attitude to european integration .
at the end of the day , tony blair blair , this once a fifth supporter of europe ( at least at the immense british currency ) , may perhaps have to pass power at the end of the gordon brown , who has called a cold attitude to european integration .

i politiky substituce dovozu , jimiž se dnes všeobecně pohrdá , původně země rozvíjejících se ekonomik přijaly z dobrých ( ale i špatných ) důvodů : protekcionistické uzavírání se trhů rozvinutých zemí během světové hospodářské krize mělo pro rozvíjející se ekonomiky katastrofické důsledky .
even the import-substitution policies , now universally scorned , were originally adopted by the developing world for good ( as well as bad ) reasons : the protectionist shutting-off of developed-country markets during the great depression which had disastrous consequences for the developing economies .
both substitute and substitution policy , which is generally proud today , originally emerging economies have adopted good - but also bad - reasons : protectionist closure of the markets of developed countries during the global economic crisis has had disastrous consequences for emerging economies .
today , the substitute policy of subsidising imports , which is generally proud of , originally developed countries from the good economies ( but also bad reasons ) : the protectionist closure of the markets of developed countries during the world economic crisis has had disastrous consequences for emerging economies .

tím se také vysvětluje , proč v rozvinutějších zemích severní ameriky a západní evropy a v japonsku dosud panují výrazné institucionální odlišnosti v oblastech , jako jsou role veřejného sektoru , právní systém , firemní řízení , finanční trhy a sociální zabezpečení .
it also accounts for why important institutional differences persist among the advanced countries of north america , western europe , and japan in areas such as the role of the public sector , the legal system , corporate governance , financial markets , labor markets , and social insurance .
it also explains why , in the more developed countries of north america and western europe and japan , there are still significant institutional differences in areas such as the role of the public sector , the legal system , the fibre management , financial markets and social security systems .
this also explains why , in the developed countries of north america and western europe and japan , there are still significant institutional differences in areas such as the public sector , the legal system , the firemate , financial markets , financial markets and social security .

tento projev dotčené národní hrdosti umocnil vynikající výkon jihokorejského fotbalového mužstva na mistrovství světa , které se konalo loni v létě na jihu korejského poloostrova . výkon korejské jedenáctky korejce přesvědčil o tom , že jejich země dospěla - a že už dokáže stát na vlastních nohou i bez pomoci 37 tisíc amerických vojáků .
this expression of wounded national pride was enabled by south korea &apos;s tremendous performance in the world cup football tournament last summer , which helped convince ordinary koreans that their country was fully grown up--and thus might be able to stand on its own without the presence of 37,000 us troops .
in the face of this speech by the national pride , the exemplary execution of the south korean football football championship , which took place in south korean peninsula last summer , and the exhibition of the korean supreme national republic of korea , was able to convince them that their countries - and to stand up to their own countries - and to stay on their own kidnapppppings , without the help of the south korean peninsula last year .
this speech was quite proud of the excellent performance of the south korean champion in the world in the south korean championship last year , which took place in the south korean championship in the south of korea , which took place in the south of the korean peninsula in the south of the korean peninsula , and the cameras of korea , that their country adulted to their own countries - and that they have already been able to meet their own countries without the state of the south of the south of korea .

od počátků v epicentru v arkansaském městě bentonville , kde sam walton v roce 1962 otevřel první obchod , se už ohromné krabicovité haly wal-martu rozmnožily natolik , že průměrný američan bydlí méně než sedm kilometrů od nejbližší prodejny .
starting at the epicenter in bentonville , arkansas , where sam walton opened his first store in 1962 , giant boxy wal-mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average american lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
since the beginning of the epicentre in the sabas city , sam wallis opened in 1962 , huge trade has already been opened up by crash-wallis since the beginning of the epicentre in the epicentre in the canary sabin of sabon , where sawallis opened in 1962 , the first huge trade has already opened up to extreme shirs , so many graves have been dispersed by the uk , so many than seven kilometres of the acid from the acid of the uk .
at the beginning of the epidemic centre in the samele town , where samel in 1962 opened the first trade , has already opened so much god , so much average , from the bajan centre in the sable , in the sagle , where sawm samel , in 1962 , opened up the first trade in the 1962 extreme trade , has already opened so much digitis of the day-to-day pocket , which was so much less eated by the americans .

sanfranciský symfonický orchestr například zajišťuje soukromě financovaný projekt s názvem keeping score , jehož rozpočet ve výši 23 milionů dolarů zahrnuje celostátní veřejnoprávní televizní seriál , rozhlasové pořady , interaktivní výuku hudby a školní hudební programy .
in san francisco , for example , the symphony runs a $ 23 million privately funded project -- called keeping score -- that includes a national public television series , radio shows , interactive music learning , and school music programs .
for example , the magazine joint fund provides , among other things , a package funded by the budget of 23 million dollars , which includes public television broadcasters , the public radio francisary programmes , which , in addition to the magazine project financed by the size of the size of the size of the budget , which includes eur 23 million of public television notwithstanding public television , the public television programmes , the publication of a range of public television and publications , etc .
in addition , it ensures , in addition , the project financed by 23 million public broadcasting , a series of public radio television programmes , a series of erosion funds , an intermediary fund , for example , which provides a confined project with a project financed by a project of 23 million public broadcasts , a series of public radio broadcasts , a series of constitutional and interactive training programmes .

