komisaři van miert a monti .
commissioners van miert and monti .
commissioner van miert and monti .
commissioner van miert and monti .

tuto úvahu komplikují neúplné znalosti .
incomplete knowledge complicates this assessment .
this consideration complies with incomplete knowledge .
this makes it difficult to take into account the incomplete knowledge .

pak přišla léta devadesátá .
then came the 1990s .
then came the 1990s .
then it came to 1990s .

pět šoků pro německo
germany &apos;s five shocks
five shocks for germany
five shocks for germany for germany

rozsah problému je obrovský .
the magnitude of the problem is huge .
the scale of the problem is huge .
the scale of the problem is huge .

federální rezervní úřad usa je pochopitelně naprosto nezávislý .
the us federal reserve board is , of course , very independent .
the federal reserve of the usa is , of course , completely independent .
of course , the federal reserve office of the us is absolutely independent .

otázka pochopitelně zní , co se po odchodu z gazy stane .
the question , of course , is what will happen after the gaza disengagement .
of course , the question is what will happen after the gaza strip .
of course , the question is what will happen after the gaza strip .

nejsilnější emoce vzbuzuje muslimské obyvatelstvo v turecku .
it is turkey &apos;s muslim population that creates the strongest emotions .
the strongest emotion is the muslim population in turkey .
the strongest emotion raises the muslim population in turkey .

polská pravice je asi nejtěžsí případ .
poland &apos;s right poses the most difficult case .
the polish right is perhaps the most difficult case .
the polish right is perhaps the most difficult case .

inspekce osn tuto hrozbu nevylučovaly ;
un inspections were not eliminating that threat ;
un inspections did not exclude this threat ;
un inspections did not exclude this threat ;

francouzští a nizozemští voliči neřekli , proč hlasovali proti plánované ústavě .
french and dutch voters did not say why they voted against the planned constitution .
french and dutch voters did not say why they voted against the planned constitution .
the french and dutch voters did not say why they voted against the planned constitution .

myslím , že německu by se po deseti letech neoliberálních politik dařilo lépe .
i think that germany would be better off in a decade under more neo-liberal policies .
i think germany , after 10 years of neoliberal policies , would have been better .
i think germany , after ten years of neoliberal policies , would make it better .

aby však tyto programy fungovaly , musí být děti na střední školství připraveny .
for these programs to work , however , children must be ready to enter secondary education .
however , in order for these programmes to work , children must be prepared for secondary education .
however , in order to work these programmes , children must be prepared for secondary education .

trh podle něj upřednostňuje podnikatelského ducha před lidskou solidaritou .
he sees the market as favoring entrepreneurship over human solidarity .
the market , according to it , favours entrepreneurial spirit from human solidarity .
according to the market , it prioritises the business spirit from human solidarity .

tento muž se nazýval předsedou , , komise národního usmíření &quot; .
this man now styled himself as chairman of a &quot; committee of national reconciliation . &quot;
this man called the president , the commission &apos;s national reconciliation &apos; .
this man has called the president , the commission of national reconciliation &apos; .

podobná pobídka přitom může hrát významnou roli při nastartování rychlého hospodářského růstu .
such a push could play a major role in jump-starting economic growth .
such an incentive can play an important role in starting a rapid economic growth .
this kind of incentive can play an important role in the start-up of rapid economic growth .

chvatné uvolňování nových léčiv na trh často ústí v nedostatečnost bezpečnostní dokumentace .
the rush to get new drugs to market often leads to inadequate safety documentation .
the frightening release of new medicines in the market often results in a lack of security documentation .
the exclusion of new medicines in the market is often detrimental to the lack of security documentation .

delegáti světového fóra o vodě budou mít dostatek příležitostí taková partnerství uzavřít či upevnit .
delegates to the world water forum will have ample opportunity to forge and / or strengthen these partnerships .
the world water delegation will have enough opportunities to conclude such a partnership or consolidate .
the delegations of the world water forum will have enough opportunities to conclude such a partnership or consolidate .

reformy , které uspějí v jednom prostředí , mohou jinde být zčásti nebo zcela neúčinné .
reforms that succeed in one setting may perform poorly or fail completely in others .
reforms that will succeed in one environment can be partly or completely ineffective elsewhere .
reforms that will succeed in one environment may be partly or completely ineffective elsewhere .

měl by být proveden systematický přezkum míst , která inspektoři navštívili .
there should be a systematic review of sites that were visited .
a systematic review of the places that inspectors visited should be carried out .
a systematic review of the places that inspected inspectors should be carried out .

panují rovněž obavy , že islamisté mohou jednoho dne proměnit turecko ve fundamentalistický stát .
it is also feared that islamists may one day turn turkey into a fundamentalist state .
there are also concerns that islamists can turn turkey into a fundamentalist state on one day .
there are also concerns that islamists can turn turkey into a fundamentalist state on one day .

víme , že irák kdysi chemické a biologické zbraně vlastnil , protože mu je usa prodaly .
we know that iraq at one time possessed chemical and biological weapons , because the us sold them to iraq .
we know that iraq once owned chemical and biological weapons , because the us has sold them .
we know that iraq once used chemical and biological weapons , because it has been sold to the us .

v dnešním světě je při zajišťování stability a bezpečnosti a při prosazování společných hodnot zřetelně dost práce pro dva .
in today &apos;s world , there is clearly work for two to bring about stability and security , and in promoting common values .
in today &apos;s world , in ensuring stability and security and in promoting common values , there is clearly enough work for two .
in today &apos;s world , there is a great deal of work for two in ensuring stability and security and in promoting common values .

problémy s navázáním styků mezi srbskem a kosovem navíc budou existovat za jakýchkoliv okolností .
likewise , there will be problems establishing ties between serbia and kosovo under any circumstances .
moreover , there will be problems with named contacts between serbia and kosovo in any circumstances .
in addition , there will be problems with commitment between serbia and kosovo in any circumstances .

daří se jí vyvážet zejména letadla a mnoho trvanlivého spotřebního zboží .
it has succeeded , notably , in exporting airplanes and many consumer durable goods .
it is good to export aeroplanes in particular , and many wind consumed goods .
it is going to export , in particular , aircraft and many duly consumed consumer goods .

pokud se to stane , je pravděpodobné , že srbové v severním kosovu vyhlásí vlastní nezávislost .
if that happens , it is likely that the serbs of north kosovo would declare their own independence .
if this happens , it is likely that serbs in northern kosovo declare their own independence .
if this happens , it is likely that serbian serbs in north kosovo declare their own independence .

potřebuje postavy , s nimiž se může ztotožnit , které okamžitě rozpozná a především jim důvěřuje .
they need figures with whom they can identify , immediately recognize , and , above all , trust .
it needs a position with which it can identify , which is immediately recognised and , above all , trust them .
it needs the positions that can be identified , which are immediately recognised and , above all , trust them .

jak demokracie vyspívají , jsou stále zkušenější v řízení veřejného mínění a v mnoha případech i v jeho tvarování .
as democracies mature they become ever more practiced at managing opinion , and in many cases , at shaping opinion .
as democracy exhausts , they are increasingly experience in public opinion management and , in many cases , in his warnings .
as democracy habits , they are increasingly experience in the management of public opinion and , in many cases , also in his warnings .

záležitosti fiskální politiky by také bylo možné svěřit nezávislým úředníkům , aby drželi politiky na uzdě .
aspects of fiscal policy could also be delegated to independent bureaucrats in order to keep politicians in line .
fiscal policy matters could also be entrusted to independent officials to keep policies on the wall .
fiscal policy matters would also be possible to entrust independent officials in order to maintain policies on the wall .

nebudou-li orchestry pečovat o svou budoucnost , nebudou mít možná vbrzku oč pečovat .
if orchestras don &apos;t look after their own futures , they may well not have one to look after .
if orchestrates do not care about their future , they will perhaps not have a brake .
if orchester does not care for her future , they will not be able to look at their future .

ekonomická globalizace však předběhla globalizaci politickou ; rozhodovací procesy zdaleka nejsou demokratické , ba ani průhledné .
economic globalization has , however , outpaced political globalization ; the processes for decision making are far from democratic , or even transparent .
however , globalisation has led to globalisation through political ; decision-making processes are far from democratic , nor transparent .
however , the economic globalisation of economic globalisation has passed political globalisation ; the decision-making processes are far from democratic , nor transparent .

efektivní demokracie však současně musí poskytnout zvoleným představitelům dostatek času , aby si získali podporu pro tvorbu zákonů a uskutečňování svého programu .
an effective democracy must give them enough time to win the support of those elected to legislate and to carry out their program .
however , effective democracy must at the same time provide the elected representatives with enough time to obtain support for the creation of laws and the implementation of their programme .
however , effective democracy must , at the same time , give the elected representatives sufficient time to gain support for the creation of laws and implementation of its programme .

vlády sice nemohou suplovat rodiče nebo komunity , ale mohou mladé lidi a jejich rodiny podněcovat , aby investovali do sebe .
governments cannot substitute for parents or for communities , but they can encourage young people and their families to invest in themselves .
although governments cannot subscribe to parents or communities , they can encourage young people and their families to invest in themselves .
although governments cannot sustain parents or communities , they can encourage young people and their families to invest in themselves .

instituce ostatně nejsou skleníkové rostliny , které lze vysadit v jakékoli půdě a v jakémkoli podnebí .
after all , institutions are not hot-house plants capable of being planted in any soil and climate .
after all , the institutions are not the greenhouse plants that can be escaped in any land and in any way underground .
after all , the institutions are not greenhouse gases that can be built in any land and will not be underestimated .

řetězová reakce , v níž se probouzení nacionalismu proměňuje , nebezpečně mění politickou krajinu .
the chain reaction of reawakening nationalisms is altering the political landscape in dangerous ways .
the chain of response , in which nationalism is being wasted , is changing dangerous political landscape .
the greek response , in which nationalism is proving is changing , is dangerous in the political landscape .

kosovo se následně stalo mezinárodním experimentem v budování společnosti pod vedením prozatímní správní mise osn v kosovu ( unmik ) .
kosovo has subsequently become an international experiment in society building , led by the un interim administration mission in kosovo ( unmik ) .
kosovo has then become an international experiment in building society under the leadership of the un interim administrative mission in kosovo ( unmik ) .
kosovo has subsequently become an international experiment in building a society under the leadership of the un interim administrative mission in kosovo ( unmik ) .

pokud však vlády západních zemí hluboce neporozumějí způsobu , jakým tyto struktury fungují , nemají v boji proti agilnímu teroristickému podniku šanci .
however , if western governments do not develop a deep understanding of how these structures operate , they stand no chance of combating the agile terrorist enterprise .
however , if the governments of the western countries do not deeply understand the way in which these structures operate , they do not have a chance to combat the agro-terrorist business .
however , if the governments of the western countries do not understand the way in which these structures operate , they do not have a chance to combat the agent terrorist enterprise .

naše hodnoty zrcadlí samotnou demokratickou debatu , nic víc , a při jejich obraně se musíme zaměřit na tři vzájemně související oblasti .
our values reflect the democratic debate itself , nothing more , and our defense of them must address three related fields .
our values are obscure by the democratic debate itself , nothing more , and we must focus on three related areas in their defence .
our values are worried about the democratic debate itself , nothing more , and we must focus on three interconnected areas in their defence .

halové obchody nejsou nijak krásné <unk> už proto se v angličtině běžně označují za <unk> velké krabice <unk> .
big-box stores are not exactly attractive -- hence their name .
the halfway traders are no longer beautiful , therefore , in english they are normally identifying as a major crash .
hall traders are no beautiful offenders , therefore , in english , they are commemorated as a large crackdown .

schröder souhlasil - aby nepřiléval oleje do ohně volebního souboje se svým soupeřem .
to defuse an electoral fight with his rival , schroeder agreed .
he agreed to schröder - not to attract them into the heated electoral struggle with his comrade .
schröröröder agreed - that he should not attract oilov to his opponent &apos;s opponent .

nové členské státy ze střední a východní evropy jsou však hluboce ukotvené v hospodářském , sociálním a kulturním vývoji našeho kontinentu .
but the new member states in central and eastern europe are deeply embedded in the economic , social , and cultural development of our continent .
however , the new member states of central and eastern europe are deeply frightened in the economic , social and cultural development of our continent .
however , the new member states from central and eastern europe are deeply anchored in the economic , social and cultural development of our continent .

po atentátu na bývalého ministerského předsedu libanonu rafíka harírího se oči celého světa upřely k sýrii .
all eyes turned to syria following the assassination of former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri .
after the assassination of the former prime minister of lebanon , rafharbour and the entire world have moved to syria .
after the former prime minister lebanon harshi harshi harshi , he has returned to syria .

od té doby nám rentgenová strukturní analýza molekul bílkovin pomáhala rozumět chemické podstatě biologických reakcí .
since then , x-ray structural analysis of protein molecules has helped us to understand the chemistry of biological reactions .
since then , the engineering structure analyses for moleprotein have helped us to understand the chemical substance of biological response .
since then , the rgenic structural analysis for molebin has helped to understand the chemical essence of biological response .

výsledky tohoto prvního určujícího okamžiku v krystalografii bílkovin byly zveřejněny jako dopis v časopise nature roku 1934 .
the results of this first defining moment in protein crystallography were published as a letter in nature in 1934 .
the results of this first determined moment in the sanitary and protein were published as a letter of 1934 in the timing of 1934 .
the results of this first designate at the hidden and protein have been published as a letter in the timing of 1934 .

hrozba návratu mečiara k moci sjednotila vsechny demokraty , levicové i pravicové , do jednoho tábora .
the threat of return to power by meciar forced all democrats , leftist or rightist , into one camp .
the threat of the return of metric and of power has brought together democracies , left-wing and right-wing , into one camp .
the threat of the return of the meiara &apos;s return to power has united the democrats , the left-wing and the right , to one camp .

virtuálním podnikem je přitom jakákoliv malá skupina , která se sama uspořádá v organizaci natolik velkou , aby dosáhla kolektivního záměru .
a virtual enterprise is any small group that self-assembles into an organization that is just large enough to accomplish the collective intention .
at the same time , any small group that is organising itself in the organisation is so great to achieve a collective intention .
at the same time , any small group that is organised in the organisation itself is so great to achieve a collective intention .

pobřeží mexického zálivu v mexiku a středoamerických zemích podobné tragédie opakovaně zažívá , přičemž nejzranitelnější a nejneschopnější se s nimi vyrovnat jsou chudé komunity .
the gulf coast of mexico and central american countries has repeatedly experienced such tragedies , with poor communities the most vulnerable and the least able to cope .
the gulf coast of mexico in mexico and the central american countries is repeatedly experiencing a tragedy , with the most vulnerable and incapable of meeting the poor communities .
the coast of the gulf of mexico in mexico and the central american countries are repeatedly experiencing a tragedy , while the most vulnerable and most incapable of dealing with them are poor communities .

ekonomická liberalizace uskutečněná v průběhu posledních 25ti let ve velké části světa byla od počátku chybnou politikou a její důsledky už začaly být křiklavě zřetelné .
the economic liberalization carried out in much of the world in the last 25 years was a flawed policy from the start , and its consequences have become glaringly obvious .
the economic liberalisation that has been carried out over the last 25 years in large parts of the world has been a flawed policy since the start , and its consequences have already begun to be clear .
the economic liberalisation carried out over the last 25 years in the world has been a mistake since the beginning of the world , and its consequences have already started to be clear .

svět potřebuje soustavu právních omezení - bilaterálních a multilaterálních dohod a vhodných monitorovacích a kontrolních institucí - jimiž se bude řídit používání síly pro humanitární účely .
what the world needs is a system of legal injunctions--bilateral and multilateral agreements , as well as appropriate monitoring and supervisory institutions--to regulate the use of force for humanitarian reasons .
the world needs legal restrictions - bilateral and multilateral agreements and appropriate monitoring and control institutions - which will govern the use of force for humanitarian purposes .
the world needs a system of legal restrictions - bilateral and multilateral agreements and appropriate monitoring and control institutions - which will govern the use of force for humanitarian purposes .

jiná věc však je , když evropský projekt znamená , že francouzští pracující čelí konkurenci polských instalatérů , rumunských zemědělců a tureckých prodavačů .
it is another when the european project means that french workers face competition from polish plumbers , romanian farmers , and turkish shop clerks .
however , another thing is that , when the european project means that the french workers are facing competition from polish installations , romanian farmers and turkish profile .
however , another thing is that the european project means that french workers face competition with polish installations , romanian farmers and turkish publishers .

nejlepší ochranou proti takové pohromě je posílit demokratický systém v turecku , čehož lze nejlépe dosáhnout jeho pevným ukotvením k bloku podobně demokratických zemí .
surely , the best protection against such a calamity is to strengthen turkey &apos;s democratic system , which can best be achieved by anchoring it firmly in a bloc of similarly democratic countries .
the best protection against such a scourge is to strengthen the democratic system in turkey , which can best be achieved through its firm breakthrough to the bloc of a similar democratic country .
the best protection against such disasters is to strengthen the democratic system in turkey , which can best be achieved by its firm conferences to the blockade of a similar democratic country .

ovšem neukázněné užívání kteréhokoli z těchto mechanismů kvůli krátkodobým cílům může z dlouhodobého hlediska přijít draho , což ospravedlňuje některá omezení svobody politiků ovlivňovat makroekonomické politiky .
but reckless use of either mechanism for short-term goals may create long-term costs , justifying some restrictions on politicians &apos; latitude in influencing macroeconomic policies .
however , the failure to use any of these mechanisms due to short-term objectives can come from a long-term perspective , which justifies some restrictions on the freedom of politicians to influence macroeconomic policies .
however , irrational use of any of these mechanisms due to short-term objectives can come dramatically in the long term , which justifies some restrictions on freedom of politicians to influence macroeconomic policy .

mobilní telefony , místní bezdrátový internet a více dlážděných silnic , to vše by mohlo značně přispět k překonání hospodářské izolace afrických vesnic .
mobile phones , local wireless internet , and more paved roads could do much to break the economic isolation of africa &apos;s villages .
mobile phones , local wireless internet and more loved roads could make a significant contribution to overcoming the economic isolation of african villages .
mobile phones , local beautiful internet and more heated roads , all this could make a significant contribution to overcoming the economic isolation of african villages .

reakce vlády na toto úsilí bude důležitým ukazatelem , zda a do jaké míry hodlá putinova administrativa začlenit lidská a politická práva do své takzvané <unk> diktatury zákona &quot; .
the government &apos;s response to these efforts will be an important indicator of whether and to what extent putin &apos;s administration intends to include human and political rights within its so-called &quot; dictatorship of law . &quot;
the government &apos;s response to this effort will be an important indicator of whether and to what extent it intends to integrate human rights and political rights into its so-called dictatorship &apos; .
the government &apos;s response to this effort will be an important indicator to whether and to what extent the putin administration intends to integrate human and political rights into its so-called dictatorship &apos; .

budou-li nalezeny zbraně hromadného ničení na jiných místech , mělo by také zaznít vysvětlení , proč inspektoři nemohli tyto zbraně najít v realistickém termínu .
there should also be an explanation , if weapons of mass destruction are uncovered at other sites , as to why the inspectors could not have found such weapons in a realistic period of time .
if weapons of mass destruction are found in other places , there should also be an explanation of why inspectors could not find these weapons in a realistic deadline .
if weapons of mass destruction are found in other places , there should also be an explanation why inspectors could not find these weapons in a realistic term .

částečně snad i díky svému silnému antikomunistickému postoji dostávají polská církev i jan pavel ii. často nálepku , , konzervativních &quot; .
perhaps in part because of their strong anticommunist stance , the polish church and john paul ii are often branded as &quot; conservative . &quot;
perhaps perhaps , partly thanks to its strong anti-communist position , polish church and jan paik are receiving a great deal , often a blind , conservative &apos; .
in part , perhaps , thanks to their strong anti-communist position , polish churches receive polish churches in jan pagaij , often a blind , conservative &apos; .

většina zemí si to uvědomila a sjela se v riu a kjótu , aby něco podnikla <unk> není to sice dostačující , ale kjótský protokol byla zamýšlen jen jako začátek .
most countries have recognized this , coming together in rio and kyoto to do something about it <<unk>> not enough , but the kyoto protocol was intended only as a start .
the majority of countries have realised this and went in rio and kyoto to do something that is not sufficient , but the kyoto protocol was intended only as a start .
the majority of countries have realised this , and the dream of yemen and kyoto , so that it is not enough , but the kyoto protocol was intended only to start .

zbývají hodnoty vztahující se ke globálnímu řádu , jehož obrana vyžaduje vést ostatní příkladem , nikoliv malichernými , legalistickými iniciativami zaměřenými na krizový management či řešení sporů .
what remains are the values linked to the global order , defense of which requires leading by example , not by narrow , legalistic initiatives aimed at crisis management or conflict resolution .
the remaining values relating to the global order , the defence of which requires others to lead by example , not through chernobyl , legal initiatives aimed at crisis management or resolution of disputes .
the remaining values relating to the global rules of defence , which require others to lead an example , and not blatant , legal , legal initiatives aimed at crisis or dispute resolution .

ačkoliv typickým rysem syrského režimu je zničující nehybnost , hrozí , že tyto potíže jedna druhou znásobí a mezinárodně sýrii marginalizují ještě víc než dnes .
while corrosive immobility is a trademark of the syrian regime , these challenges threaten to reinforce each other and marginalize syria internationally even more so than today .
although the typical feature of the syrian regime is devastating , there is a risk that these difficulties are multiplied and internationally marginalised even more than today .
although the typical feature of the syrian regime is a devastating failure , it is at risk that these difficulties are being multiplied and internationally syria are marginalising even more than today .

evropě nečiní potíže spatřovat úskalí unilateralismu v chování usa , od vypovězení kjótského protokolu až po odmítnutí přistoupit k úmluvě o mezinárodním trestním soudu .
europe has no trouble seeing the dangers of unilateralism in america &apos;s actions , in everything from abandoning kyoto to its refusal to join the international criminal court .
europe does not make it difficult to comprehend the escalation of unilateralism in the us behaviour , from the reputation of the kyoto protocol to refuse to join the convention on the international criminal court .
europe does not face the difficulties of spreading unionism in the behaviour of the us , from the reputation of the kyoto protocol to refuge to the convention on the international criminal court .

růst v mnoha částech světa byl v posledním čtvrtstoletí pomalejší než v předchozích 25ti letech , navzdory vyššímu tempu růstu ve východní asii , v indii a několika dalších zemích .
growth in much of the world during the past quarter-century has been slower than in the previous 25 years , despite more rapid growth in east asia , india , and a few other countries .
growth in many parts of the world has been slower in the last quarter of the century than in previous 25 years , despite the higher growth rate in eastern asia , india and several other countries .
in many parts of the world , growth in many parts of the world was higher than in previous 25 years , despite the higher growth rate in eastern asia , india and several other countries .

bush a blair opakovaně hovořili o zásobách zbraní hromadného ničení , ohromných podzemních a mobilních jednotkách určených k výrobě a odpalování takových zbraní a o aktivních programech na získání jaderných zbraní .
bush and blair talked repeatedly about stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction , massive underground and mobile units to produce or launch such weapons , and active programs to obtain nuclear weapons .
bush and blair have repeatedly talked about the supply of weapons of mass destruction , huge underground and mobile cells designed to produce and repair such weapons and active nuclear weapons programmes .
bush and blair have repeatedly spoken about weapons of mass destruction , endangered underground and mobile forces intended for production and deterrent of such weapons and active programmes to obtain nuclear weapons .

původně byly za nepřijatelné pokládány dokonce i měnové výbory , přestože - jak tomu v evropě často bývá - existovaly výjimky : země , které již měnové výbory měly , si je mohly ponechat i po vstupu do eu .
initially , even currency boards were considered unacceptable , although , as is often the case in europe , exceptions were made : countries with currency boards could keep them after entry into the eu .
it was originally unacceptable for even monetary committees , even though - as is often the case in europe - there were exemptions : countries that had already had monetary committees were able to leave them even after joining the eu .
it was originally unacceptable for even monetary committees , even though - as is often the case in europe - there were exceptions : countries that already had monetary committees could be left to join the eu .

optimistický pohled na věc vypadá tak , že dokud budou lidé prodávající odborné názory urputně soupeřit o pozornost náročných zákazníků ( tedy hromadných sdělovacích prostředků ) , zajistí kontrolu kvality tržní mechanismy .
the sanguine view is that as long as those selling expertise compete vigorously for the attention of discriminating buyers ( the mass media ) , market mechanisms will assure quality control .
the optimistic view of the matter looks as long as people selling expert opinions are compelled to draw attention to demanding customers ( that is , mass media ) , will ensure the control of the quality of market mechanisms .
the optimistic view of the matter seems to be that , as long as people are sold with training opinions , they are looking at the attention of the demanding customers ( that is , the mass media ) , they will ensure the control of the quality of market mechanisms .

nejdůležitějším rozhodujícím činitelem příjmové nerovnosti je dnes nerovnost v bohatství , přičemž v mnoha zemích je za větší příjmovou nerovnost v posledních letech zodpovědná v prvé řadě sílící koncentrace vlastnictví aktiv .
the most important determinant of income inequality today is wealth inequality , with the increasing concentration of asset ownership in recent years principally responsible for greater income inequality in most countries .
the most important decisive factor in income inequality today is inequality in wealth , with greater income inequality in many countries in recent years , primarily the concentration of assets of assets of assets .
today , the most important factor in income inequalities is inequality in wealth , and in many countries it is responsible for greater income inequalities in recent years , first and foremost , the concentration of assets .

otázkou nebude , zda v zemi zůstávají stopy po těchto zbraních , neboť takové stopy na místech ničení zbraní nalezeny budou , ale zda tyto zbraně byly v nebezpečném množství nachystané k použití .
the test is not whether traces of those weapons remain , as such traces will be found at disposal sites , but whether those weapons were poised for use in threatening amounts .
the question will not be whether the footprint of these weapons remains in the country , as such footprints on weapons will be found , but whether these weapons have been used in dangerous quantities .
the question will not be whether in the country they remain a trace of these weapons , because such a footprint in places of weapons will be found , but whether these weapons were used in dangerous quantities .

pružné měnové kurzy , které trhu umožňují signalizovat poklesy důvěry v měnu , také vytvářejí konkurenční nevýhodu pro vývozce oproti zahraničním výrobcům , z jejichž cen si nevypočitatelné měnové kurzy nedělají holubník .
flexible exchange rates , designed to allow the market to signal when confidence in the currency is declining , also put exporters at a competitive disadvantage against foreign-country producers whose prices aren &apos;t batted around by unpredictable exchange rates .
flexible monetary courses , which allow the market to signate the deforestation of confidence in currency , also create a competitive disadvantage for exporters compared to foreign producers , whose prices do not make monetary exchange rates unbalanced .
flexible monetary exchange rates , which allow the market to sign the decline of confidence in currency , also create a competitive disadvantage for exporters compared to foreign producers whose prices do not make the bubble of monetary exchange .

stejně tak se v dominikánské republice zvýšil podíl osmáků hlásících se na střední školy poté , co se jim jednoduše řeklo , o kolik více absolventi středních škol vydělávají <unk> oni sami tuto částku značně podceňovali .
similarly , the rate at which eighth graders from the dominican republic entered upper secondary levels increased when they were simply told how much more those who finished high school earned -- an amount they had vastly underestimated .
in the same way , in the dominican republic , the proportion of eighteen pigs has increased to central schools after simply told them how much more graduates are earning this amount of money themselves .
equally , in the indicative republic of india , the share of the eighteen books has increased the share of the centre &apos;s school after they simply said how much more graduates earn earn earn earn earned the amount of this very large amount .

přesto existuje do očí bijící rozpor mezi univerzálností a nadřazeností lidských práv a principy suverenity a nevměšování se do vnitřních záležitostí států , které se taktéž posvátně uchovávají v listinách osn .
yet a glaring contradiction exists between the universality and supremacy of human rights and the principles of sovereignty and non-interference in states &apos; internal affairs , which are also enshrined in un documents .
however , there is still a blatant contradiction between the universality and supremacy of human rights and the principles of sovereignty and non-interference in the internal affairs of states , which are also rooted in the un charter .
however , there is still a blatant contradiction between the universal nature and the suspicion of human rights and the principles of sovereignty and non-interference in the internal affairs of states , which are also remarkable in the un charter .

nakonec se ale rozhodl přerušit dovolenou a nabídl pomoc , jejíž výše byla následně poopravena směrem vzhůru pod tlakem celosvětového soutěžení , které je příslibem naděje na pomoc pro všechny , kdo ji zoufale potřebují .
but , in the end , he decided to interrupt his vacation and offer amounts of aid that were successively revised upwards , in a global competition which promised to benefit those who were desperate for help .
in the end , however , it has finally decided to interrupt the holiday and offer aid , which was then repaired in the direction of worse under pressure from global competition , which is a promise of hope for all those who desperately need it .
after all , however , it has finally decided to suspend leave and offer assistance , which was subsequently repaired in the way under pressure on global competition , which is a promise to help all those who desperate need .

oba čelní uchazeči o nástupnictví , dominique de villepin a nikolas sarkozy , oba členové vlády , spolu soutěží o reformní agendu , avšak předvolební léta nepodněcují smělé kroky .
the two frontrunners to succeed him , dominique de villepin and nicolas sarkozy , both in government , compete on a reformist agenda , but pre-election years do not encourage bold moves .
both czechs of the czechs , dominique de vilnius and nicolas sarkozy , both members of the government , together with competition for the reform agenda , but they do not encourage day-to-day steps for years .
both of the czechs , the memorial , dominique de villain and nikolas sarkozy , both members of the government , are competing on the reform agenda , but they do not encourage the election years to take action .

demokratický irák spřátelený s usa byl vždy pro syřany horší než saddám husajn , nepřítel , jehož znali a s nímž později výhodně obchodovali během let mezinárodních sankcí vůči iráku .
for the syrians , a democratic iraq friendly to the us was always far worse than saddam hussein , the enemy they knew -- and later profitably traded with -- during the years of international sanctions against iraq .
the democratic iraqi democratic iraq with the us has always been worse for the syrians than saddam hussein , an enemy , whose enemy and who , later , had benefited from international sanctions against iraq during years of international sanctions .
the democratic democratic iraq with the us has always been worse for the syrians than the saddam of husaja , the enemy , who knew and who , later , shut up in international sanctions against iraq .

všichni mají zájem na světě , kde se síla používá jen jako poslední možnost , terorismus je nepřijatelný , zbraně hromadného ničení se nešíří a nepoužívají , svobodný trh se stává běžnou věcí , občané požívají základních svobod , demokratické hodnoty vítězí a právní řád nahrazuje právo silnějšího .
everyone has an interest in a world in which force is used only as a last resort , terrorism is regarded as beyond the pale , weapons of mass destruction do not spread and are not used , free trade becomes the norm , citizens enjoy basic liberties , democratic values triumph , and the rule of law replaces the way of the gun .
all of them are interested in a world where strength is used only as the last option , terrorism is unacceptable , weapons of mass destruction are not spreading and do not use , the free market is becoming normal , citizens enjoy fundamental freedoms , democratic values and the rule of law replaces the law of stronger .
all of them are interested in the world where power is used only as the last option , terrorism is unacceptable , weapons of mass destruction are not spread and are not used , a free market is becoming common , citizens enjoy fundamental freedoms , democratic values of wine , and the rule of law is replaced by a stronger right .

pakt stability a růstu měl držet na nízké úrovni veřejné zadlužení v jižní evropě a přesvědčit investory , že nikdy nedojde k tomu , aby státní dluhy vyrostly tak vysoko , že by byly příčinou vážných inflačních tlaků . cílem bylo udržet na nízké úrovni úrokové sazby .
the stability and growth pact was intended to keep the public debts of southern europe low , and thus keep interest rates low by reassuring investors that national debts would never be allowed to rise high enough to generate serious inflationary pressures .
the stability and growth pact was supposed to keep at a low level of public debt in southern europe and to persuade investors that they will never be able to increase sovereign debt so high that they would cause serious inflation pressures ; the aim was to maintain low interest rates .
the stability pact and growth pact should stick to low levels of public debt in southern europe and convince investors that it will never happen to increase state debts so high that the cause of serious inflation pressures would be the cause of serious inflation pressure .

evropští centrální bankéři se strachují , že jim jejich političtí šéfové nařídí , aby uvolnili měnovou politiku , že strukturální reformy potřebné k uvolnění agregátní nabídky nebudou na pořadu dne a že výsledkem bude návrat inflace 70. let .
europe &apos;s central bankers fear that their political masters will order them to loosen monetary policy , that the structural reforms needed to free up aggregate supply will not be forthcoming , and that the result will be a return to the inflation of the 1970 &apos;s .
the european central bankers are afraid that their political placements are governed to release a new policy that the structural reforms needed to relax aggregate aggregate offers will not be on the agenda and will result in the return of the 1970s .
the central european central bankers fear that their political spectares are governed in order to mobilise a new policy that the structural reforms needed to mobilise aggregate supply will not be on the agenda and that the result of the return of inflation in the 1970s will be the result of the return of inflation .

problém tkví v tom , že hospodářská a sociální reforma je ryze národní zodpovědností a nepatří do unijní kompetence ; má-li se ve francii a v německu uskutečnit hospodářská a sociální reforma , je to výlučně záležitost francouzských a německých voličů a politiků .
the problem is that economic and social reform are purely national responsibilities , and do not lie within the competence of the union ; if there is to be economic and social reform in france and germany , that is a matter exclusively for french and german voters and politicians .
the problem is that economic and social reform is a national responsibility and does not fall within the union &apos;s competences ; if there is economic and social reform in france and germany , it is exclusively a matter of french and german voters and politicians .
the problem is that economic and social reform is a national responsibility and does not belong to the union &apos;s competences ; in france and germany , economic and social reform , it is exclusively a matter for french and german voters and politicians and politicians .

fed s procesem normalizace příliš dlouho vyčkával a vzhledem k tomu , že byl agresivnější při snižování sazeb během fáze poklesu v cyklu úrokových sazeb , musí být agresivnější i při jejich zvyšování ve fázi vzestupu .
the fed waited too long to start the normalization process , and , because it was more aggressive in lowering rates in the downward phase of the interest-rate cycle , it has had to be more aggressive in raising them in the upward phase .
it has been too long with the standardisation process and , given that the aggression has been more aggressive in reducing rates during the phase of the fall in interest rates , the aggression must be aggressive in increasing their stage at the stage .
it was far too long due to the standardisation process of standardisation and , given that the aggression has been at the stage of reducing the rates during the phase of the downturn in the cycle of interest rates , the aggression must be an external force in increasing them at an escalation stage .

av<unk> ¡ ak s ohledem na německã <unk> hospodã ¡ řskã <unk> tě<unk> <unk> kosti , je<unk> <unk> se zřejmě budou vzhledem k demografickã <unk> m problã <unk> mům země je<unk> ¡ tě prohlubovat , jsou teď sociã ¡ lnã <unk> demokratã <unk> odsouzeni dã ¡ t přednost tvorbě bohatstvã <unk> před přerozdělovã ¡ nã <unk> m .
but , given germany &apos;s economic distress , which looks likely to worsen given the country &apos;s demographic problems , the social democrats are now condemned to give wealth creation priority over redistribution .
in view of the rapporteur &apos;s commitment to the sentiment of the pledge of the phrase to the pledge of the pledge of the phrase to the sentiment of the phrases of the magic magic magic masses of a serious business , a serious solution will obviously be taken to the demographic impassion , given the trickle of the exporting countries of jews , to deepening the posts of the posts , and now to deepens of the monkest democrat of the prieous democrat , and to prefer to redistribute a poisonship .
in the light of the guidance of germany &apos;s manoeuvre to the great extent of the coast of the coast of a strong embassy , the eusporter of the res of the venture would be included in the venture , it seems to be a subscripppling of the demographic frm , given that the subscrippppling of a would be a substitute for a eurovignette , the sputer of the spregp is that they are spretched to a large part of the spregge of the spurice of the snightsquare .

bagdád opakovaně asadův režim obvinil , že umožňuje převody iráckých peněz k povstalcům a nedávno syřany uvědomil , že na těle islámského bojovníka ve fallúdži byla nalezena fotografie tohoto povstalce s vysoce postaveným představitelem syrské tajné služby .
baghdad has repeatedly accused the assad regime of allowing iraqi funds to be channeled to insurgents , and recently notified the syrians that the photograph of a senior syrian intelligence official taken with an islamist combatant was found on the latter &apos;s body in falluja .
the assassination regime has repeatedly accumulated that it allows iraqi monks and syrians to find an islamic boycott in the boycott of the agbaggaddad regime that it allowed the coup d &apos;état of iraqi monks to the rebels and recent syriaches to find the islamic boycott boycott in the philiphiliphilippines to have been found to fed with a highly populated reunit .
once again , the regime in the named naive regime allows the couples and the symptoms of symptomatic in the syric regime that it allows the coup d &apos;état of iraqi money to be transferred to the iraqi reyards recently to the symptomaeda , that the syrian storm was found in the horrific bologna of this beast has been disguised by the secretary-rebel forces .

přesto možná nezaplatí tak vysokou cenu jako francie před půldruhým stoletím , kdy se lidem zvolený ludvík napoleon přeměnil prostřednictvím bouřlivého referenda v napoleona iii. a toto hlasování se stalo posledním , které bylo až do konce druhého císařství francouzům dopřáno .
they may not pay as heavy a price as france a century and a half ago , when the popularly elected louis napoleon transformed himself , via a wildly popular referendum , into napoleon iii--that vote being the last the french would enjoy until the end of the second empire .
in spite of this , france will not pay a high price as the second half of the people elected by the storm , through the storm of the turbulence in the last vote , and this last vote was perhaps not paid to the very high price of france as the second half of the second half a century , when the people elected by the french people came up to the storm of the storm in the storm of the irish referendum , and this last vote was brought to the end .
despite the fact that , the second time that france does not pay for the second half of france , when the elected people elected to the turbulence , through the abstention of the haitian referendum , and the final vote , which was not as high as france as the second half of france , in the second half of france , when the elected people elected by the elected people elected to the coup d &apos;ivoire by the end of the french referendum , which was brought to the last end .

