pryč s europaternalismem
down with euro-paternalism
prince with europaterism
printing with europatera

vůdci však musí dostat příležitost vládnout .
but leaders must be given the chance to govern .
however , leaders must be given the opportunity to govern .
however , leaders must be given the opportunity to rule .

je tedy blair federalistou ?
is blair a federalist , then ?
is the blair of the federalist , therefore ?
is it therefore the blair of the federation ?

hrozbu je možné odstranit válkou .
the threat could best be eliminated by war .
a threat can be eliminated by war .
the threat can be eliminated by war .

co chce amerika ?
what does america want ?
what does the us want ?
what does the americans want ?

další prozřetelná osobnost se navíc nevynoří tak snadno .
nor will the emergence of another providential figure come easily .
moreover , another provisional person will not be so easy .
moreover , another provisional person is not so easy .

tyto malé operace zároveň postrádaly společnou vnitřní osnovu .
those small operations also lacked a common internal design .
at the same time , these small operations have lacked a common internal settlements .
at the same time , these small operations have lacking a common internal eight .

celý text jeho projevu však vypovídá o všem .
yet the full text of his speech tells it all .
however , the whole text of his speech will give a blind eye to everyone .
however , the whole text of his speech will discover everyone .

optimisté tvrdí , že technika problém vyřeší .
optimists say that technology will solve the problem .
optimistic claims that the technique will solve the problem .
it is optimistic that techniques say that the techniques will solve the problem .

ani přistěhovalectví by nemělo být důvodem k nepřiměřenému znepokojení .
immigration should not be a cause for undue concern , either .
neither immigration nor immigration should be a cause for excessive concern .
neither immigration nor immigration should be the reason for a disproportionate concern .

teroristé využívají modelů distribuovaných operací lépe .
terrorists have been better at capitalizing on models of distributed operation .
terrorists use models of distributed operations better .
terrorists use the models of distribution operations better .

jako spotřebitel si myslím , že velké halové prodejny jsou skvělé .
as a consumer , i think big-box stores are great .
as a consumer , i think large sale sale is excellent .
as a consumer , i think that large hall sales are excellent .

většina úředníků bohužel stále pohlíží na hodnoty lidských práv přezíravě .
sadly , most bureaucrats still look upon human rights values with disdain .
unfortunately , the majority of officials still look at the values of human rights in a more attractive way .
unfortunately , most officials are still looking at the values of human rights overwhelming .

přišel čas pochopit zatím nepoznaný , nově se rodící model konfliktu .
it is time to understand the new , emerging model of conflict .
the time has come to understand , so far , the emerging conflict model .
the time has come to understand the unknown , newly born model of the conflict .

mám ovšem výhrady k walmartovskému modelu coby plánu globálního růstu .
but i do have some reservations about the wal-mart model as a blueprint for global growth .
however , i have reservations about the wisdom model as a global growth plan .
however , i have reservations about the wallis model as a global growth plan .

nejdůležitější věci v životě <unk> například život sám <unk> jsou neocenitelné .
the most important things in life <<unk>> like life itself <<unk>> are priceless .
for example , the most important thing in life is a serious life for life alone , for example , which is invaluable .
for example , the most important things in the life of the assassination are invaluable .

v dětském věku bylo ovládnutí krutého umění elé belé velmi důležité .
as a child , mastering the cruel art of elé belé was important .
in children &apos;s age , it was very important to control the atrocities of atrocities .
in children &apos;s age , the domination of the brutal albeit has been very important .

dnes se ukazuje , že i lindseyovy odhady byly silně podhodnocené .
it now appears that lindsey &apos;s numbers were a gross underestimate .
today it appears that the lindsey estimates were strongly undervalued .
today , it shows that the lindsey estimates have also been strongly undervalued .

výhody virtuálních podniků pramení z jejich lehkosti , která má přednost před stabilitou .
the benefits of virtual enterprises stem from their lightness over stability .
the advantages of virtual virtual businesses will come from their light , which prefers to stability .
the benefits of virtually virtual enterprises are based on their light , which prefer stability .

kromě základních svobod a hospodářské prosperity , máme nějakou konkrétní civilizaci , již bychom měli bránit ?
beyond fundamental freedoms and economic prosperity , do we have a specific civilization to defend ?
in addition to fundamental freedoms and economic prosperity , do we have some specific civilisation that we should prevent ?
in addition to fundamental freedoms and economic prosperity , do we have some specific civilisation , we should no longer defend ?

přesně tak tomu ostatně bylo u dalších postav obviněných v případu jukos .
in fact , this is precisely what happened with other figures accused in the yukos case .
after all , this was exactly the case with the other accusations accused in the jukos case .
after all , this was exactly the case with the other situation accused in the jukos case .

nejspolehlivějšími v přehánění jsou tzv. kibicové vzmachu a krachu .
boom and doom pundits are the most reliable over-claimers .
the most reliable atrocities are the so-called chicken massacre and landscape .
the most reliable in rehabilitation is the so-called kibies and the landscape .

duchové hospodářské minulosti se vracejí , protože ponaučení ze současnosti se vždy přeceňují .
the ghosts of economics &apos; past return because the lessons of the present are always oversold .
the dust of the economic past is being returned , because the lessons are currently being learnt .
the spirit of the economic past is returning , because the lessons from the moment are always relocated .

stejně tak se administrativa nechce postavit čelem k problémům s odvody a udržením dobrovolníků .
nor does the administration want to face up to the military &apos;s recruiting and retention problems .
in the same way , the administration does not want to face up to the problems of water and storage of volunteers .
similarly , the administration does not want to face up to the problems of water and storage of volunteers .

ráznost politických útoků na ecb by mohla rozpoutat nebezpečnou diskusi o omezení její nezávislosti .
the sharpness of political attacks on the ecb might trigger dangerous talk about restricting its independence .
the viability of political attacks on the ecb could unleash a dangerous debate on the restriction of its independence .
the seriousness of the political attacks on the ecb could disrupt a dangerous debate on the restriction of its independence .

teprve příští dny a týdny napovědí , zda evakuace probíhá pokojně , či nikoliv .
only the next days and weeks will tell whether the evacuation proceeds peacefully or not .
only next few days and weeks will they know whether evacuation is taking place peacefully or not .
only next few days and weeks will they know whether the evacuation is going through peaceful or not .

prvním šokem bylo zintenzivnění globalizace , které přineslo spoustu nové konkurence s nízkou úrovní mezd .
the first shock was intensified globalization , which brought a lot of new low-wage competition .
the first shock was to intensify globalisation , which brought a lot of new competition with low wages .
the first shock was the intensification of globalisation , which has brought a lot of new competition with low wages .

jedním z rozhodujících faktorů v prezidentském klání byly právě generační rozdíly , jež nahradily dosud tradiční regionální témata .
indeed , generational differences were the deciding factor in the race , replacing the regional sentiments that dominated every presidential race before this one .
one of the decisive factors in the presidential mission has just been the generalised differences that have replaced traditional regional issues so far .
one of the decisive factors in the presidential mission was precisely the generations that have replaced the traditional regional issues so far .

fiskální počínání státu by se ale přinejmenším nemělo skrývat v nejasných metodologických poznámkách k rozpočtu .
but at least a country &apos;s fiscal actions should not be hidden in its budgets &apos; obscure methodological footnotes .
however , fiscal exit from the state should not be concealed at least in unclear methodology for the budget .
however , the fiscal activity of the state should not , at least , be hidden in unclear methodology to the budget .

tím lze dosáhnout toho , že jednotlivci cítí destrukci , kterou způsobují , ve svých peněženkách .
taxation makes individuals feel in their wallets the destruction they are causing .
this can be achieved by the fact that individuals feel the destruction they cause in their money .
this can be achieved by the fact that individuals feel the destruction they cause in their money .

to o totalitních ani fundamentalistických režimech neplatí , protože rozvoj svobodných společností vyžaduje jejich odstranění .
this is not true of totalitarian or fundamentalist regimes , because , to foster free societies , they must be deposed .
this is not true of totalitarian or fundamentalist regimes , because the development of free societies requires their removal .
this is not true of totalitarian or fundamentalist regimes , because the development of free companies requires their removal .

pouze díky přivedení strany práce šimona perese do kabinetu se šaronovi podařilo udržet parlamentní většinu .
only by bringing shimon peres &apos;s labor party into his cabinet did sharon manage to retain his parliamentary majority .
only by adding the work of shimperel into kabriver , parliament has succeeded in keeping with the majority of the parliamentary forces .
it is only thanks to the introduction of the labour party , šefčovič has succeeded in maintaining a parliamentary majority .

proto potřebujeme zavést správný systém již od počátku , abychom mohli racionálně zvládat rizika , která se klenou přes několik generací .
what we need is the right system from the beginning , so that we can rationally manage risks that span several generations .
that is why we need to introduce the right system from the outset , so that we can manage rationally the risks that have arisen through several generations .
that is why we need to introduce the right system from the outset , so that we can manage rational risks that go through a few generations .

bude ro umět vyvážit bezpečnost na poloostrově , účast ameriky a podporu voličů , kteří jej zvolili ?
can he walk the tightrope of maintaining security on the peninsula , keeping america engaged , and retaining the support of the voters who elected him ?
will it be artificial to balance security to the peninsula , the participation of america and the support of the electorate elected by it ?
will the house be able to balance security on the peninsula , the participation of america and the support of the voters who have chosen it ?

pokud iráčané s takovými zbraněmi zahájí útok , pak budeme mít důkaz , že zbraně k použití připraveny byly .
if the iraqis launch an attack with such weapons , this would demonstrate that the weapons were ready for use .
if the iraqi weapons begin an attack with such weapons , then we will have proof that weapons to use were ready .
if the iraqi of such weapons start an attack , then we will have evidence that arms to use were prepared .

řada členských zemí evropské unie se bojí důsledků odebrání území určité zemi a také dopadu nezávislosti kosova na srbskou demokracii .
many european union countries are worried about the implications of taking away a country &apos;s territory , as well as the impact of kosovo &apos;s independence on serbian democracy .
a number of member states of the european union are struggling to remove the territory of a country and also the impact of kosovo &apos;s independence on serbian democracy .
many member states of the european union are struggling with the consequences of taking the territory of a country , as well as the impact of kosovo &apos;s independence on serbian democracy .

je zvláštní , že debata se rozproudila už nyní , ačkoli vlastně není jisté , bude-li nmd vůbec zprovozněn .
amazingly , debate is heating up even though it is uncertain that nmd will work .
it is strange that the debate has already taken place now , although it is not , in fact , certain if there is no provocation at all .
it is strange that the debate has been broken up now , even though it is not actually certain if the nd is being provoked at all .

pokud tyto investice proniknou do všech částí latinské ameriky , k bohatým i k chudým , pak se vyhlídky tohoto regionu nesmírně zlepší .
if these investments reach all parts of latin america , rich and poor , the region &apos;s prospects will brighten enormously .
if these investments go into all parts of latin america , rich and poor , then the prospects of this region will be extremely improved .
if these investments are sold to all parts of latin america , to rich and poor , then the prospects of this region will be extremely improved .

mezinárodní společenství teprve musí přijít na to , co dělat s nepřizpůsobivým členem , který nedokáže žít v souladu s odpovědností globálního občana .
the international community has yet to figure out what to do with an aberrant member who fails to live up to its responsibilities as a global citizen .
the international community has yet to come to what to do with an intact member who cannot live in accordance with the responsibility of the global citizen .
the international community must only come up with what to do with an unadapted member who cannot live in accordance with the responsibility of the global citizen .

nebude-li chodorkovskij souhlasit s konečným verdiktem ruských soudů , bezpochyby se k tomuto soudu odvolá .
if khodorkovsky disagrees with the final decision of the russian courts , he will undoubtedly appeal to that court .
if khodorkovsky is not in agreement with the final version of russian courts , it is undoubtedly referred to in this court .
without the khodorkovsky agreement with the final verdict of russian judges , no doubt i refer to this court .

takový krok je sice vyloučen <unk> vyžadoval by totiž změnu smlouvy o evropské unii <unk> , ale i současný šum je nezdravý .
while such a move is out of the question -- it would require a change in the european treaty -- the noise is unhealthy .
although such a step is excluded from a serious expectation of a change to the treaty on the european union , the current sham is unhealthy .
this step , although it is excluded , would require a change in the treaty on the european union to be amended , but even the current shock is unhealthy .

úspěchy , jichž západní evropa dosáhla od konce druhé světové války , patří k nejpovzbudivějším a nejpůsobivějším výkonům ve světových dějinách .
western europe &apos;s accomplishments since world war ii are among the most heartening and impressive success stories in world history .
the achievements that western europe has achieved since the end of the second world war include the most encouraging and impressive performance in world history .
the achievements that western europe has achieved since the end of the second world war are one of the most encouraging and most impressive performance in world history .

časově vázané dotační programy , veřejné fondy na podporu podnikání a dotace exportu - to je jen několik z mnoha možností , jak tento přístup realizovat .
time-bound subsidy schemes , public venture funds , and export subsidization are some of the ways in which this approach can be implemented , but there are many others .
the timing of the questionnaire programmes , public funds to support entrepreneurship and export subsidies - this is just a few of the many options for implementing this approach .
the timeframe of subsidies , public funds to support entrepreneurship and subsidies for export - this is only a few of the opportunities to implement this approach .

vzhledem k očekávanému vzestupu turecké ekonomiky a klesající porodnosti předpovídají experti pro tuto dobu přibližně 2,7 milionu přistěhovalců .
given the expected upswing of turkey &apos;s economy and its declining birthrate , experts predict a figure of around 2.7 million immigrants by that point .
given the expectations of the turkish economy and the decreasing birth rate , experts foresee approximately 2.7 million immigrants for this period .
given the expected rise in the turkish economy and the falling birth rate , experts expect approximately 2.7 million immigrants for this period .

máme-li pochopit současné podmínky na trhu nemovitostí a rozeznat budoucí cenové trendy , zaslouží si každý z těchto faktorů bližší pozornost .
each factor deserves greater attention if we are to understand current housing market conditions and discern future price trends .
if we are to understand the current conditions in the property market and to unleash future price trends , each of these factors deserves closer attention .
if we are to understand the current conditions in the unitary market and to distinguish future price trends , each of these factors deserves closer attention .

v kosovu podobná průhlednost neexistovala a neexistuje ; v důsledku toho nemají nato a osn jasnou představu , kdy a jak by měly odejít .
in kosovo , such clarity is and has been absent ; as a result , nato and the un have no clear idea about when and how both should leave .
there was no transparency in kosovo , and there is no such transparency ; as a result , nato and the un do not have a clear idea when and how they should go .
there was no such transparency in kosovo ; as a result of this , nato and the un have no clear idea when and how they should leave .

americká neochota poskytnout malé částky na mír ostře kontrastuje s obrovskými sumami , které kongres briskně vyčlenil na válku .
america &apos;s unwillingness to provide small sums to wage peace contrasts sharply with the huge amounts congress quickly granted to wage war .
america &apos;s unwillingness to provide small sums for peace is trampled with huge sums that congress has risen risky to war .
the american unwillingness to provide small sums of peace is trampled with huge sums that have risen to war at risk by congress .

to , že tuto překážku překonal , aniž byl nucen změnit postoj k přibližování se severní koreji , znamená , že časy se radikálně změnily .
that he overcame this obstacle without changing his stance on engaging north korea means that times have radically changed .
the fact that this obstacle has overcome , without having been forced to change the position to bring north korea closer , means that the times have changed radically .
the fact that this obstacle has been overcome without forced to change the attitude towards closer to north korea means that the time has changed radically .

nastal čas , aby všechny významné mezinárodní organizace i národní vlády přijaly zodpovědnost za nabytí vědeckých a technických znalostí , které budou v jedenadvacátém století potřebovat .
now is the time for every major international agency and national government to assume responsibility for gaining the scientific and technological expertise that they will need in the twenty-first century .
it is time for all important international organisations and national governments to take responsibility for the acquisition of scientific and technical knowledge that will be needed in the eleven century .
it is time for all the important international organisations and national governments to take responsibility for the admission of scientific and technical knowledge that will need in the 21st century .

navíc se v oblasti prudce snižuje porodnost , a to dokonce do té míry , že počet obyvatel v mnoha zemích začne v příštích desetiletích pravděpodobně klesat .
moreover , fertility rates have fallen sharply , to a point where populations in many countries will probably level off in coming decades .
moreover , birth rates are sharply reduced in the area , even to the extent that the number of inhabitants in many countries will probably fall in the decades to come .
in addition , in the area , the birth rate is being reduced , even to the extent that the number of people in many countries will probably fall in the next decades .

jako člověk , který v kosovu žije a pracuje dost dlouho na to , aby viděl dosavadní výsledek , tvrdím , že podobné experimenty vyžadují další zkoumání .
having lived and worked long enough in kosovo to see the outcome so far , i contend that such experiments require further research .
as a man who lives in kosovo and works for a long time to see the result so far , i am saying that similar experiments require further examination .
as a man who lives in kosovo and works for a long time to see the result so far , i say that similar experiments require further examination .

tento trend vystavuje reálné ekonomiky kandidátských zemí přesně takovému riziku odlivu kapitálu a měnových krizí , které se mělo brzkým zavedením eura eliminovat .
this trend exposes candidate countries &apos; real economies to precisely the risk of a capital flow reversal and currency crisis that early euro adoption was meant to eliminate .
this trend exposes the real economy of candidate countries to exactly this risk of the brain drain of capital and the monetary crisis , which had to be eliminated by the early introduction of the euro .
this trend is exposed to the real economy of candidate countries to such a very serious risk of the flow of capital and the monetary crisis , which had a brilliant introduction of the euro .

jsou obrovským požehnáním pro nízkopříjmové spotřebitele a zčásti kompenzují vlažný růst mezd , jenž mnohé z nich trápí už dvě desítky let .
they are an enormous boon to low-income consumers , partly compensating for the tepid wage growth that many of them have suffered during the past two decades .
they are a huge blow to low-income consumers and partly compensate for the train growth of wages , which many of them have been suffering for two decades .
they are a huge flagship for low-income consumers , and partly compensate for a train increase in wages , which many of them have been worried for two decades .

skutečnost , že vyvolal debatu a rozepři , nijak nezlehčuje společné přesvědčení nových i starých členských států , že mají povinnost kontinent po 40 letech rozdělení restaurovat .
the fact that it provoked debate and dispute does not detract from the conviction shared by old and new member states that they had an obligation to rebuild the continent after 40 years of division .
the fact that he has raised the debate and the erosion does not make it easy for the common convictions of the new and old member states to recover the continent after 40 years of division .
the fact that there has been a debate and a contradiction does not make it easier for the new and old member states to share the common conviction of the new and old member states that they have a duty to rebuild the continent after 40 years of redistribution .

západoevropská hospodářství nepřestávala růst <unk> třebaže nerostla tak rychle , jak mohla <unk> navzdory tíživému břemenu nezaměstnaných deseti či více procent pracovních sil .
west european economies have continued to grow -- albeit not as rapidly as they might have -- despite bearing the heavy burden of the unemployed 10 % or more of the labor force .
the western european economy has not continued to increase growth , although it has not grown as quickly as it could have been , despite the heavy burden of the unemployed 10 or more per cent of labour .
the western european economy has not stepped up the growth of the population , although it did not grow as quickly as it was possible , despite the huge burden of the unemployed or more per cent of the workforce .

za druhé , víra veřejnosti v <unk> pozlátková &quot; mezinárodní města se zvýšila s raketovým růstem globálních komunikačních prostředků v podobě internetu a mobilního telefonu .
second , the public &apos;s faith in glamorous international cities has increased with the explosive growth in global communications due to the internet and the cell phone .
secondly , the belief of the public in the inventory of the &apos; international town &apos; has increased with the rockets of global communication in the form of the internet and mobile telephone .
secondly , the public faith in the inventory of the uranium &apos; international town has increased with the rocket growth of global communication in the form of the internet and mobile telephones .

amerika si nezískala srdce a duše iráčanů ; místo toho obojí ztratila , stejně jako ztratila srdce a duši velké části světa .
america has not won the hearts and minds of those in iraq ; indeed , it has lost them , just as it has lost the hearts and minds of much of the world .
the americans have not imagined the hearts and the spirit of the iraqi people ; instead they have lost both , just as they lost the heart and soul of the world .
the americans did not get the heart and the spirit of iraq ; instead they have lost , as they lost their hearts and the spirit of the large part of the world .

v německu je voličstvo podle všeho rozhodnuto dát vale kancléři gerhardu schröderovi kvůli nespokojenosti s jeho vlažnou věrností neoliberálnímu projektu .
in germany , the electorate seems poised to eject chancellor gerhard schroeder out of discontent with his tepid allegiance to the neo-liberal project .
in germany , the electorate is determined to give the chancellor gerharröder schröder because of the discontent with his train of the neoliberal project .
in germany , the electorate is decided , according to everything , to give the chancellor of gerharris schröröder because of dissatisfaction with his beautiful atrocities of the neoliberal project .

vzhledem k tomu , že po nedávných volbách se rodí legitimní irácké orgány , syřané budou muset prokázat jistou prozíravost a zbavit se svých prosaddámovských známostí .
as a legitimate iraqi authority emerges following the elections , the syrians will have to show foresight in jettisoning their pro-saddam acquaintances .
given that , after the recent elections , the legitimate iraqi authorities are born , the syrians will have to demonstrate certainty and get rid of their film rapes .
given that , following the recent elections , the legitimate iraqi authorities will have to demonstrate a certain rain and get rid of their sentiments .

ve francii se debata úplně zastavila kvůli urputným znepřátelujícím střetům , hluboké rozštěpenosti levice a absenci hospodářské a sociální vize na pravici .
in france , the debate has stalled altogether due to bitter distributive conflicts , deep division within the left , and the right &apos;s absence of an economic and social vision .
in france , the debate has ceased completely because of the deceasive clashes , the deep fragmentation of the left and the lack of economic and social vision on the right .
in france , the debate in france has completely stopped because of the deputy friends of clashes , deep disintegration of the left and the lack of economic and social vision on the right .

v německu je kancléřka angela merkelová v otázce evropy očividně pozitivnější a proreformnější než její předchůdce , avšak svazuje ji velká koalice .
in germany , chancellor angela merkel is obviously more positive on europe and more pro-reform than her predecessor , but she is tied up in a grand coalition .
in germany , chancellor angela merkel is obviously more positive and more reformed than its predecessor , but it is a great coalition .
in germany , chancellor angela merkel is clearly more positive and more reformed than its predecessor in germany , but it is a great coalition .

za stávající situace ecb a evropská komise de facto podporují postoje populistických vlád ve východní evropě , které již dnes utrácejí prostředky , jež v budoucnu doufají získat od eu .
as it is , the ecb and the european commission are de facto supporting the positions of populist governments in eastern europe that are already spending the funds they hope to get in the future from the eu .
in the current situation of the ecb and the european commission , de facto , support the positions of populist governments in eastern europe , which are already spending the means that they are going to gain from the eu in the future .
in the current situation of the ecb and the european commission de facto support the positions of populist governments in eastern europe , which are already spending the means that they hope to gain from the eu in the future .

systém národní protiraketové obrany usa není problémem z hlediska technických možností , ale z hlediska politických plánů : rusko tlačí do konfrontace , čínu zneklidňuje , a v evropě posiluje pocit odcizení od spojených států .
because political intentions , not technical capabilities matter , nmd creates problems now : it pushes russia into confrontation , heightens chinese nervousness , and underpins a european sense of estrangement from the us .
the us national anti-missile defence system is not a problem in terms of technical options , but in terms of political plans : russia is pushing into confrontation , china is worried , and in europe it strengthens the sense of alignment from the united states .
the us anti-missile defence system is not a problem from a technical point of view , but from the point of view of political plans : russia is pushing russia into confrontation , china is worsening , and in europe it strengthens the feeling of separation from the united states .

v reálném světě <unk> za příklad mohou sloužit kypr , bosna či kosovo <unk> však lze někdy ke stejnému výsledku dospět též prostřednictvím stabilizace a pomalé <unk> skalace násilí , a to i bez formální dohody .
but in the real world -- and cyprus , bosnia , and kosovo may be examples -- stabilization and the slow de-escalation of violence can sometimes achieve the same end , even without formal agreement .
in the real world , they can serve cyprus , bosnia or kosovo , but sometimes the same result can be achieved through stabilisation and slow escalation of violence , even without formal agreements .
in the real world , for example , cyprus can serve cyprus , bosnia or kosovo , but it is sometimes possible to achieve the same result through stabilising and slow scrapping of violence , even without formal agreement .

přesto se latinskoamerické země zatím nepokusily podpořit technologickou revoluci - rozhodně ne s takovým soustředěním , obratností , oddaností a finančními prostředky , s jakými to učinily asijské země .
still , latin american countries have not yet tried to foster a technological revolution , certainly not with the focus , skill , commitment , and financing that asian countries have shown .
yet latin american countries have not yet tried to support the technological revolution - certainly not with such concentration , dedication , tax and financial resources , with which the asian countries have done so .
yet latin american countries have not yet tried to support the technological revolution - certainly not with such concentration , turbulence , taxes and financial resources , such as the asian countries .

ve světě hledajícím prozřetelné vůdce je případ ariela šarona symbolický a paradoxní zároveň , poněvadž tento univerzální muž zůstává jednou z nejkontroverznějších osobností posledních desetiletí .
in a world searching for providential leaders , the case of ariel sharon is both symbolic and paradoxical , for this universal man remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades .
at the same time , in the world , the foreseeable leader is the case of arrogance on a symbolic and paradoxical basis , since this universal man remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades .
the case of arianism is a flagship and paradoxical case in the world , since this universal man remains one of the most controversial personalities of the last decade .

rizikem liberalizace kapitálového účtu je konec konců větší nestálost měnového kurzu a ani země s pevnou likviditní pozicí by nedokázaly zabránit prudkému útoku na své rezervy .
the downside risk of capital-account liberalization , after all , is higher exchange-rate volatility , and even countries with sound liquidity positions could not prevent a run on their reserves .
after all , the risk of the liberalisation of capital bills is , after all , a greater volatility in the exchange rate and not a country with firm liquidity positions would not be able to prevent a sharp attack on its reserves .
after all , the risk of the liberalisation of the capital bill is a greater volatility of the monetary exchange rate and the countries with strong liquidity positions would not be able to prevent a sharp attack on their reserve .

někteří opoziční činitelé v německu by s bezmeznou radostí provedli totéž kancléři gerhardu schröderovi , avšak ( zatím ! ) nenašli filmovou hvězdu , která by jej mohla nahradit .
some members of the opposition in germany would dearly love to do the same to chancellor gerhard schröder , though they have not ( yet ! ) found a film star to replace him .
some opposition officials in germany would like to see the same chancellor gerharröder schröder , but ( so far ! ) have not gone through the film of a wall that could replace him .
some opposition activists in germany would have carried out the same thing as chancellor schröröder , but they have not yet seen a philosophy that could replace it .

často se zapomíná , že se americký ministr obrany donald rumsfeld vrátil z příjemného důchodu , aby reorganizoval americkou armádu v menší a agilnější sílu , která bude využívat některé z těchto postřehů .
it is often forgotten that us defense secretary donald rumsfeld emerged from a comfortable retirement to reorganize the american military into a smaller , more agile force , using some of these same insights .
it is often forgotten that the us defence minister , donald rumfet , has returned from a pleasant income to reorganise the us army in smaller and more aggravated power , which will be used by some of these observations .
it is often forgotten that the us defence minister , donald russa , has returned from a recipient pension to organise the american army in less and more aggravated power , which will be used by some of these observations .

principiálně opravdu není jasné , proč by se k měnové a k fiskální politice mělo přistupovat tak odlišně , totiž jednu plně svěřit úřednímu orgánu a druhou zcela přenechat volnému uvážení politiků , kteří ji tak mají ve svých rukou .
indeed , as a matter of principle , it is not clear why monetary policy and fiscal policy should be treated so differently , with one completely delegated to a bureaucratic agency and the other completely discretionary and in the hand of politicians .
indeed , it is not really clear why monetary and fiscal policy should be treated differently , namely to fully entrust the official authority and , in other words , to leave completely free consideration to politicians who have it in their hands .
indeed , it is not really clear why monetary and fiscal policy should be dealt with so differently , namely one of the official authority and the second , to leave the free reflection of politicians who have it so in their hands .

návštěva afrických vesnic však člověku ozřejmí , že jejich problémy více souvisejí s bojem o přežití v obtížných fyzických podmínkách než s jakýmikoliv <unk> zvláštními <unk> problémy , které jsou pro africké společnosti specifické .
but a visit to africa &apos;s villages makes clear that the problems have more to do with the struggle for survival under difficult physical conditions than with any special problems that are unique to african societies .
however , the visit of african villages to africa will make it clear that their problems are more linked to the fight for survival in difficult physical conditions than with any specific specific problems that are difficult for african companies .
however , the visit of african villages is obvious , however , that their problems are more related to the fight for survival in difficult physical conditions than with any specific , specific issues that are included for african companies .

někteří dirigenti , kteří nechtějí nosit místo taktovky žebrácký klobouk , z tohoto důvodu odmítli místa v usa , neboť cítili , že by to mělo rušivý dopad na jejich umění .
some conductors , not wanting to carry a tin cup as they wave their batons , have rejected important posts in the us for this reason , feeling that it would interfere with their art .
for this reason , some diri , who do not want to weigh up the tactical lobby lobbies , have rejected the places in the us because they felt that this would have had a disgraceful impact on their art .
for this reason , some dimiritii , who do not want to weigh the seasonal lobbies , have rejected the places in the usa , because they felt that this would have had a rooted impact on their usage .

v usa k této debatě dosud nedošlo , navzdory mlhavým pokusům v počátcích první clintonovy administrativy ; stěží započala s <unk> třetí cestou &quot; tonyho blaira v británii a s její obměnou z dílny gerharda schrödera v německu .
this debate has not happened in the us , despite vague attempts at the beginning of the first clinton administration ; it has barely begun with tony blair &apos;s &quot; third way &quot; in the uk , or with gerhard schröder &apos;s variant in germany .
until now , the us has not yet reached this debate , in spite of the fierce attempts at the beginning of the first clinton administration ; it has barely begun with the third route of the &apos; big tony blair in britain and its currency from the punit schröder in germany .
there has not yet been a debate in the usa , despite the silent attempts at the beginning of the first clinton administration ; it has hardly started with the third path of &apos; tonyblair &apos; in britain , and its currency from gerharrd schröröder and in germany .

naše civilizace , navzdory jejím drogám , prostituci , alkoholismu , hulvátství a vandalismu , bude vždy lepší než vláda mulláhů či vojáků , neboť její sociální problémy lze zmírňovat , třebaže ne vymítit , aniž by se změnily základy režimu .
our civilization , despite its drugs , prostitution , alcoholism , incivility , and vandalism , will always be better than rule by mullahs or soldiers , because its social problems can be allayed , if never entirely eliminated , without changing the foundations of the regime .
our civilisation , despite its drugs , prostitution , alcohol , mutilation and vandalism , will always be better than the government of mullahs or soldiers , because its social problems can be mitigated , even if they do not , without changing the foundations of the regime .
our civilisation of our civilisation , despite its drugs , prostitution , alcohol , drinking and quantities , will always be better than the government of stimulus or soldiers , because its social problems can be mitigated , even though they do not go down , without changing the foundations of the regime .

hospodářství usa má mnoho jiných silných stránek , mimo jiné vynikající finanční soustavu a přední postavení v high-tech kapitálových statcích , zůstává ale skutečností , že americká výhoda v těchto oblastech zatím není ani zdaleka tak ohromující jako fenomén wal-mart .
the us economy has many other strengths , including its superior financial system and leading position in high-tech capital goods , but the fact remains that america &apos;s advantage in these areas has so far not been nearly as striking as the wal-mart phenomenon .
there are many other powerful aspects of the us economy , among other things , of the excellent financial situation and of the pre-eminent position in capital status , but the fact remains that the american advantage in these areas is far from being threatened as fen-wallis .
in addition , the us economy has many other strong points of view , including an excellent financial situation and the leading position of capital goods , but it remains a fact that the american advantage and , in these areas , is not far from being threatened as the phenomenon of wallis wallis .

v iráku bush znovu sledoval unilateralistickou agendu - prohlašoval , že existují nezvratné důkazy o spojení iráku se sítí al-káida a o tom , že saddám husajn disponuje zbraněmi hromadného ničení .
in iraq , bush again pursued a unilateralist agenda , saying that there was incontrovertible evidence of a link with al queda , and that saddam had weapons of mass destruction .
it has once again followed the unifying agenda in iraq in bush - argued that there are irreversible evidence of iraq &apos;s connection with the al-qaeda network and that saddam hussein has had weapons of mass destruction .
once again , in iraq , bush , following the unilateralism agenda in iraq - he said that there are irreversible evidence of the link between iraq and al-qaeda and the fact that saddam husajan has been discovered by weapons of mass destruction .

protože však vláda neomezila jiné výdaje a nezvýšila daně , byly tyto výdaje financovány dluhem , jehož úrokové zatížení zvýší rozpočtové náklady o dalších 98 ( konzervativní odhad ) až 385 ( umírněný odhad ) miliard dolarů .
arguably , since the government has not reined in other expenditures or increased taxes , the expenditures have been debt financed , and the interest costs on this debt add another $ 98 billion ( conservative ) to $ 385 billion ( moderate ) to the budgetary costs .
however , since the government has not limited other expenditure and has not calculated taxes , these expenditure has been financed by debt , which will increase the budget costs of another 98 ( conservative estimate ) to 385 ( moderate ) estimate ) of billions of dollars .
however , because the government has not limited other expenditure and has not reduced taxes , these expenditure has been financed by debt , whose interest burden will increase the budget costs of the next 98 ( conservative estimate ) to 385 ( moderate ) ) of billions of dollars ) .

téměř každý <unk> snad s výjimkou exxonmobilu , viceprezidenta usa dicka cheneyho , jejich placených služebníků a pomýlených nohsledů <unk> chápe , že když lidé spalují uhlovodíky , uvolňuje se do atmosféry oxid uhličitý , jenž se zde chová jako obrovská duchna , která pohlcuje infračervené záření stoupající zdola , a tím otepluje zeměkouli .
almost everyone -- except the likes of exxonmobil , us vice president dick cheney , and their paid servants and deluded acolytes -- understands that when humans burn hydrocarbons , carbon dioxide goes into the atmosphere , where it acts like a giant blanket , absorbing infrared radiation coming up from below and warming the earth .
perhaps , except for ex-mobile mobile , vice-president dickhes , the us dichloroyt , their paid service and tolls are understood that , when people are burning hydrocarbons , the atmospheric atmospheric atmosphere is released into the atmospheric atmospheric atmospheric atmospheric , which is swept down by paperwork and famine .
perhaps almost everyone is in favour of an excess of exile , the vice-president of the united states , mr dicherck and cherchernobyl , their paid service and the dual watchful trawings , when people see hydrocarbating hydrocarbons , freezes into the atmosphere of carbon dioxide , which is swept into a huge metering , which is baging the red and burning infrastructure .

stejná logika , podle níž dnes potřebujeme svých 70 dolarů více , než budou lidé roku 2100 potřebovat jejich 500 dolarů , tedy velí , že bychom měli více zdaňovat bohatý svět <unk> tak dlouho , dokud bude každých 500 dolarů navíc v podobě daní v bohatém světě generovat pouhých 70 dolarů navíc v podobě příjmů na hlavu v chudých zemích .
the same logic that says we need our $ 70 more than the people of 2100 need an extra $ 500 dictates that we should tax the world &apos;s rich more , as long as each extra $ 500 in first-world taxes generates as little as an extra $ 70 in poor countries per capita incomes .
furthermore , the same logic that we need more dollars today than the people of 2100 will need their dollars , that is to say , we should have a rich world for so long as 500 dollars every time we have had the same logic that we need 70 dollars in the world today , more than the people of 2100 people will need their dollars , so that we should have a rich world of so rich world every year until the 500 dollars in the world have been cut back in the form of heating in the world .
today , the same logic , according to which we need 70 dollars more than 100 people will need 100 500 dollars , so that we should increase the richer world as long as the 500 in every day in the world , as long as 70 dollars in the world are used in the world , we need 70 people more than 100 500 dollars in the world .

palestinské vedení by se rovněž mohlo rozhodnout pro obtížnější cestu a sdělit uprchlíkům , že <unk> oproti tomu , co téměř 50 let hlásala palestinská propaganda <unk> se už do izraele nevrátí , ale budou se muset usadit na západním břehu a v gaze , tedy v oblastech , které se stanou součástí budoucího palestinského státu .
the palestinian leadership could also start down the difficult road of telling the refugees that -- contrary to almost 50 years of palestinian propaganda -- they will not return to israel , but will have to be settled in the west bank and gaza , the areas that will become part of the eventual palestinian state .
furthermore , the palestinian leadership could also be decided to make it more difficult for the refugees and to tell them that almost 50 years of palestinian propaganda have been sent to israel , but they will not have to return to gaza in the west and in the areas of the future , which would also have to take a decision to make it more difficult for the palestinian people to tell us that , compared to the almost 50 years of palestinian propaganda , the palestinian propaganda of palestine has declared themselves to return to israel , but they will have to recover the west and so that they will not have to recover the west , in the areas that will have to recover the west and so far years .
it would also be a decision for the more difficult and more difficult road to tell refugees that , in almost 50 years &apos; time , the palestinian propaganda will no longer be returned to israel , but will have to come back to the palestinian palestinian leadership in the future , it could also decide for a more difficult and difficult way to say that , compared to the 50 years , what happened to the palestinian designate for nearly 50 years in the future .

američané sice tvrdí , že nmd není namířen proti nikomu , že usa jen chtějí chránit své občany proti zemím , jako je irák nebo severní korea , ale téměř celý zbytek světa si myslí něco jiného : rusko se bojí , že se amerika pokouší navždy upevnit svou vojenskou převahu ( a podřízenost ruska ) , čína má za to , že prostřednictvím nmd spojené státy naznačují tchaj-wanu , že mu pomohou v boji za nezávislost , zatímco evropa si myslí , že americké plány přispívají k napětí s ruskem a že by mohly spojené státy odloučit od evropy .
while americans claim that nmd is not directed against anyone , that all the us wants is to protect its citizens against states like iraq or north korea , almost everyone else thinks differently : russians fear that america wants to cement its military superiority ( and russia &apos;s inferiority ) forever ; the chinese are concerned that nmd signals american readiness to help taiwan remain independent ; europeans worry that america &apos;s plans invite tensions with russia and may separate the us from europe .
while the americans claim that nd is not directed against anyone who only want to protect their citizens against countries such as iraq or north korea , almost the rest of the world thinks something else : russia is afraid that america is always trying to consolidate its military domination ( russia ) , china , it is only to protect its citizens from the countries such as iraq or north korea , but almost the rest of the world think that europe needs to think something else : that russia is trying to consolidate its military domination ( russia ) and russia ) , it is to make it subordinate it , it is by means that it will help the united states to fight for europe &apos;s independence , and europe , in the united states , for example , that europe , russia and europe &apos;s plans for example the united states .
while the us is saying that the nd is not against anyone who want to protect its citizens , such as iraq or north korea , but almost the rest of the world : russia is struggling that the americans are trying to consolidate their military basin and russia ( china ) , that the united states of china , the united states , who wants to protect its citizens , such as iraq or north korea , but almost the rest of the world , is looking for something else : russia is fighting : it is that america is always trying to consolidate its military department by the united states ( russia ) , that the united states of china is committed to the united states , that they think that the united states of europe &apos;s independence and the united states of russia &apos;s independence and the united states , the united states , the united states , that the united states , the united states of america and the united states , the united states , that of the united states , that of europe &apos;s independence of america and

