vezměme si třeba chudobu v africe .
consider poverty in africa .
take poverty in africa .
take poverty in africa .

ani tento omezený cíl nemusí být snadné splnit .
even this limited goal may not be easy to achieve .
even this limited target may not be easy to meet .
nor does this limited objective have to be easy to meet .

daň však musí být stanovena správně .
but it has to be the right tax .
however , the tax must be established correctly .
however , the tax must be laid down correctly .

proč si německo vede tak špatně ?
why has germany performed so badly ?
why germany is doing so poorly ?
why is germany doing so poorly ?

skutečná rizika deficitů
the real risks of deficits
real risk of deficits
the real risk of real deficits of the deficits

reforma zdanění společností nepochybně pomůže <unk> v určitém nutně potřebném čase .
company tax reform will help - given time .
the reform of company taxation will undoubtedly help to bring about the necessary time in some way .
the reform of the taxation of companies will undoubtedly help in a certain necessary time .

samozřejmě , německá trudomyslnost je přehnaná .
of course , germany &apos;s blues are overdone .
of course , the german truck is excessive .
of course , the german domain is exaggerated .

evropská solidarita jejich opomíjení nemůže přežít a nepřežije .
european solidarity cannot and will not survive their neglect .
european solidarity cannot survive their ignorance and do not survive .
european solidarity cannot survive and do not survive them .

znamená to vsak , že jde o problém politický .
what it does mean is that the problem is political .
this means that it is a political problem .
this means that this is a political problem .

stát pro umění , nebo umění pro stát ?
state of the art , or art of the state ?
does the state change or art for the state ?
is the state of the state to change , or is it changing the state ?

co dlužíme svým praprapravnukům ?
what do we owe to our great-great-great-grandchildren ?
what do we owe to our prague truths ?
what do we owe to our prague of the truth ?

vhodným začátkem by bylo prosazení odlišného postoje vůči přijetí eura kandidátskými zeměmi .
a good place to start would be to push for a different attitude on accession countries &apos; adoption of the euro .
the appropriate start would be to promote a different attitude towards the adoption of the euro by candidate countries .
the appropriate start would be to promote a different attitude towards the adoption of the euro of candidate countries .

důvěru zde lze vybudovat jen prostřednictvím přístupu , který spojené státy k číně zaujaly .
here confidence can only be built through the approach taken by the us to china .
trust can only be built here through the approach taken by the united states to china .
confidence here can only be built through the approach that the united states has taken to china .

vyjednávání o volném obchodu však , zdá se , historické trendy přehlíží .
meanwhile , free-trade negotiations seem to ignore historical trends .
however , negotiations on free trade seem to be overlooked by historical trends .
however , the negotiations on free trade seem to be overlooked , historical trends .

právě v takových chvílích se svět skutečně jeví jako globální vesnice .
indeed , it is at times like this that the world truly does seem like a global village .
indeed , at such a moment , the world really appears to be a global village .
the world really seems to be a global village in such times .

zdá se , že tvůrce evropských politik paralyzují dvě obavy .
twin fears appear to be paralyzing european policymakers .
two concerns seem to be paralysed by european policies .
two concerns seem to be paralysed by european policies .

když však inflace podlehla , nezaměstnanost neopadla <unk> nebo alespoň ne o mnoho .
but after inflation succumbed , unemployment did not fall -- or not by much .
however , when inflation has shut down , unemployment has failed or at least not much .
however , when inflation has grown , unemployment has not been included or at least not much .

tyto dvě země jsou spíše laboratoří , jíž je zapotřebí k vnitřnímu chodu eu .
rather , the two countries form a laboratory needed for the internal working of the eu .
these two countries are more of a laboratory that is needed for the internal eu .
these two countries are rather laboratory laboratory , which is needed for the eu &apos;s internal operation .

v asii se veřejná debata vede o technologiích : jak může asie srovnat krok ?
in asia , public debate is about technology : how can asia catch up ?
in asia , there is a public debate on technology : how can asia compare a step ?
there is a public debate in asia : how can asia compare a step ?

vývozci si mohli směnit 30 % svých výnosů podle bankovní diskontní sazby .
exporters could exchange 30 % of their earnings at the market rate .
exporters could have mired 30 % of their revenues according to banking disconvenience rates .
export exporters could be mixed by 30 % of their revenues according to the banking rate .

obvykle obezřetné vlády dnes zaujímají postoj , jako by tato budoucnost byla za rohem .
normally cautious governments are positioning themselves now as if the future were around the corner .
normally , the prudent governments are taking a stand today , as though this future would be a roma .
normally , the prudent governments are taking a position today , as if this future was a roadmap .

to jestě neznamená , že penze a dalsí sociální závazky jsou v plné síři fixní .
but this does not mean that pensions and other welfare obligations are entirely fixed .
this does not mean that pensions and social commitments are in full fix .
this does not mean that pensions and dalli social commitments are in full fixes .

doufejme , že současní ekonomové se také poučí z příchodu nevítaných duchů .
let &apos;s hope that today &apos;s economists also learn the lessons of their unwanted ghosts .
let us hope that the current economists will also learn from the arrival of unwelcome spirits .
let us hope that the current economists will also learn from the arrival of unwelcome spirit .

oprávněnost - pokud existuje - tkví v nebezpečí , jež saddámův režim představoval .
justification , if it exists , rests on the danger saddam &apos;s regime posed .
justified - if there is - is a danger that the regime has presented .
justification - if there is - there is a danger in the danger presented by the regime .

tyto sektory jsou sice technologicky vyspělé , ale představují jen úzkou základnu pro dlouhodobý rozvoj .
these sectors are technologically sophisticated , but form a narrow base for long-term development .
while these sectors are technically developed , they are just a close base for long-term development .
these sectors are technically developed , but they represent only a close basis for long-term development .

na britských ostrovech premiér rozhodně za osm let nikdy podobný názor nevyjádřil .
certainly , he had never expressed any such sentiment inside the british isles during the previous eight years .
in eight years &apos; time , prime minister of britain has never expressed a similar opinion .
in the british island of prime ministers , prime minister , has never expressed a similar view in eight years .

politici a zákonodárci chápou svůj přístup k ekonomice jako , , pravou a jedinou doktrínu . &quot;
politicians and policymakers advance their approach to economics as the &quot; one true doctrine . &quot;
politicians and legislators understand their access to the economy , the truth and the only doctrine &apos; .
politicians and legislators understand their approach to the economy , the truth and the only doctrine &apos; .

především ale mezi poláky , maďary , čechy a ostatními existuje hluboký smysl pro to , že jsou evropany .
but , above all , there is a deep sense among poles , hungarians , czechs , and others , that they are europeans .
above all , however , among poles , hungarians , czech and others , there is a deep sense of europeans being .
above all , however , between poles , hungarians , czechs and others , there is a deep sense for europeans .

i za takové situace by ale bylo pravdou , že oproti silové politice válka mohla být nerozumným řešením .
even in those circumstances , war might well have been unwise compared to a policy of containment .
however , even for such a situation , it would be true that , in relation to the silver policy , war could be an unreasonable solution .
however , in such a situation , it would be true that , compared with a strong war policy , it could be an unreasonable solution .

zamysleme se také nad úbytkem stavů ryb v oceánech vlivem nadměrného rybolovu .
consider also the depletion of ocean fisheries through over-fishing .
let us also think about the decline in fish stocks in the oceans of overfishing .
let us also think about the loss of fish stocks in the oceans of overfishing .

tento násilný přístup je traumatický nejen pro osadníky , ale i pro mnoho dalších izraelců .
this forcible approach is traumatic not only for the settlers , but also for many other israelis .
this violent approach is traumatic not only for settlers , but also for many other israelis .
this violent approach is a trauma not only for eight , but also for many other israelis .

lidská práva jsou v rusku často porušována jednoduše proto , že si lidé neuvědomují , že určitým konkrétním právem disponují .
human rights in russia are often violated simply because people are not aware that they have some particular right .
human rights are often violated in russia simply because people do not realise that certain specific laws have a particular right .
human rights are often violated in russia , simply because people do not realise that certain specific law does not have .

nějaký politik možná v budoucnu znovu prosadí myslenku , že pokud inflace stimuluje ekonomiku , je pro ni prospěsná .
some future politicians may succeed again in planting the idea that inflation , being stimulative , is good for the economy .
perhaps in the future , some policies may be enforced once again by the idea that if inflation stimulates the economy , it is beneficial to them .
some policies may , in future , resume that , if inflation stimulates the economy , it is beneficial to it .

v budoucnu bude model virtuálního podniku utvářet způsob řízení firem , vedení válek a pravděpodobně i zajišťování vládních služeb .
in the future , the virtual enterprise model will shape how business is conducted , wars will be fought and probably how government services will be administered .
in future , the virtual company model will shape a way of managing companies , leading to war , and probably also to ensure government services .
in the future , the virtual business model will be spent on the way in which companies are managed , the management of war and probably also the provision of government services .

ti , kdo podporují jeden či druhý výklad , budou v případě pochybností vždy vidět šarona v lepším světle .
for those who support one or the other reading , sharon will forever hold the benefit of the doubt .
those who support one or other interpretation will always see the arrogance in a better light in the event of doubt .
those who support one or the second interpretation will always see arrogance in a better light in the event of doubt .

avšak pokud jsou neshody tak hluboké jako v otázce zemědělství , nemůže existovat takový kompromis , který by umožňoval úspěšné vyjednávání .
when disagreements run as deep as they do on agriculture , there can be no give-and-take of the kind that allows for successful negotiations .
however , if disagreements are so deep as agriculture , there cannot be a compromise that would allow successful negotiations .
however , if the disagreement is so profound as the issue of agriculture , there cannot be such a compromise that would allow successful negotiations .

žádný srbský představitel nepřistoupí na nezávislost kosova , poněvadž nacionalismus je i nadále převládající politickou silou v zemi .
no serbian leader will agree to kosovo &apos;s independence , because nationalism remains the dominant political force in the country .
no serbian representative will accept kosovo &apos;s independence , because nationalism continues to prevail political force in the country .
no serbian representative will accede to the independence of kosovo , because nationalism continues to be dominated by a political force in the country .

tato zdánlivá ztráta spojení ve věci zahraniční politiky částečně plyne z nedorozumění ohledně toho , co vlastně je <unk> evropa &quot; .
part of the seeming disconnect on foreign policy emerges from a misunderstanding about what &quot; europe &quot; is about .
this apparent loss of connection in foreign policy is partly due to the misunderstanding of what is actually a europe &apos; .
this seasonal loss of connection in foreign policy will partly emerge from the misunderstanding of what is actually a europe of &apos; .

dnes je více než jasné , že národní vlády ( zvlášť ve velkých zemích ) se nikdy nepodřídí podstatnějším omezením své fiskální volnosti .
it is now abundantly clear that national governments ( especially those of large countries ) will never accept substantial limitations on their fiscal discretion .
today , it is more than clear that national governments ( particularly in large countries ) will never comply with the most significant limitations of their fiscal choices .
today , it is more than clear that national governments ( particularly in large countries ) are never subject to a more substantial reduction in their fiscal choice .

přinese budoucnost stejně slibné vyhlídky i více než miliardě mladých lidí ve věku 12 až 24 let , kteří dnes žijí v rozvojovém světě ?
will the future be as promising for the developing world &apos;s billion-plus young people between the ages of 12 and 24 ?
will the future be the same promising prospect of over a billion young people aged between 12 and 24 , who live in the developing world today ?
will the future bring the future as promising as well as more than a billion young people at the age of 12 to 24 years , who live in the developing world today ?

jedním z určujících rysů posledních desetiletí je prudké zvýšení produktivity v oblasti služeb v usa ; v evropě se nic takového nestalo .
one of the defining features of the past decades is the sharp increase in services productivity in the us ; none of that happened in europe .
one of the features of the past decade is the sharp increase in productivity in the us services ; nothing has happened in europe .
one of the determining features of the last decade is the sharp increase in productivity in the us services ; nothing has happened in europe .

astbury se mezitím roku 1928 přestěhoval do leedsu , kde také začal pracovat na aminokyselinách a bílkovinách .
astbury , meanwhile , moved to leeds in 1928 , where he also began working on amino acids and proteins .
in the meantime , the storms of 1928 have moved to the summer , where they have also begun to work on dozens of dogs and proteins .
meanwhile , in the meantime , 1928 has ceased to the leedge , where they also started to work on ambassadors and protein .

on samojediný jako by ztělesňoval kombinaci uklidňující síly a vize , že provede většinu izraelců procesem jednostranného stahování .
he alone seemed to incarnate the combination of reassuring strength and vision to carry the majority of israelis behind him in a process of unilateral disengagement .
he himself would like to embody a combination of reassuring forces and vision that he will conduct most of the israeli process of unilateral withdrawal .
he himself would be the only one to embody a combination of calm forces and vision that he is going through the majority of the israelis in a unilateral withdrawal process .

po vyřešení otázky jaderné elektrárny se populistický tlak celou svou silou opřel do jediného : do požadavku zrušit benešovy dekrety .
when the nuclear plant issue was resolved , populist pressure was forced into a single channel , the demand to abrogate the benes decrees .
following the resolution of the nuclear power plant &apos;s question , the populist pressure has moved to a single force : to abolish the beneath the requirement to abolish the decrees .
following the resolution of the nuclear power plant , the populist pressure on the whole of its force has been transferred to a single point : to the request to abolish the shops .

přidejme k tomu praktické obtíže spojené s rozbitými silnicemi a nedostatkem osobních i nákladních automobilů a výsledkem je hospodářská izolace .
add the practical difficulties of broken-down roads and few cars and trucks , and economic isolation follows .
let us add to this the practical difficulties associated with battery roads and the lack of personal and costly cars , and the result is economic isolation .
let us add to the practical difficulties associated with the beautiful roads and the lack of passenger cars , and the result is economic isolation .

syrští představitelé jsou přesvědčeni , že usa budou stranu baas kvůli její sekularitě trvale podporovat proti islamistické obrodě .
syrian officials believe that because the baath party is secular , the us will invariably support it against an islamist resurgence .
the syrian authorities are convinced that the us will continue to support islamists on account of its secularism permanently against the islamist family .
the syrian leaders are convinced that the us will , because of its secularance , continue to support the islamist family against islamists .

schrã <unk> derova rudozelenã ¡ koalice by s nejvã <unk> <unk> ¡ e 35 procenty hlasů zakusila fiasko .
with no more than 35 % of the vote , schröder &apos;s &quot; red-green &quot; coalition would have suffered a disaster .
the schrhetoric of the impasse of the green pot of coalition , with the most impasse of the pockets of 35 % of the voiced by fiasco .
the schrmirror of the rubble of the green coalition coalition , with the crafts of 35 votes , would have been killed by fiasco .

přitom aplikujeme nejen standardy zakotvené v ruské ústavě , ale i mezinárodní právní principy a normy lidských práv , i když jsou někdy v rozporu s naší ústavou .
the standards we apply are not only those contained in russia &apos;s constitution , but also international legal principles and human rights norms , even if they sometimes contradict our constitution .
at the same time , we are applying not only standards enshrined in the russian constitution , but also international legal principles and human rights standards , even if they are sometimes contrary to our constitution .
at the same time , we are applying not only standards enshrined in the russian constitution , but also international legal principles and human rights standards , even though they are sometimes contrary to our constitution .

v období mezi 1993-2002 , dle zdrojů mmf , dosahoval hospodářský růst průměrně 2,3 % , zatímco německý průměr byl jen 1,7 % .
in decade from 1993 to 2002 , using imf figures , the eu grew at an average of 2.3 % while germany averaged only 1.7 % growth .
in the period between 1993-2002 , according to imf resources , economic growth amounted to an average of 2.3 % , while the german average was only 1.7 % .
in the period between 1993-2002 , according to the imf &apos;s resources , economic growth has been excessively 2.3 % , while the german average was only 1.7 % .

staré anglické rčení , že <unk> unce prevence se vyrovná libře léku <unk> , se na měnovou politiku vztahuje s obzvláštním důrazem .
the old adage that &quot; an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure &quot; applies with particular force to monetary policy .
the old english rhetoric , which is that the unbundling of the medicine is balanced , relates to a monetary policy with a special emphasis .
the old old englishes that the b of prevention is balanced in the summer , a new policy relates to a special emphasis .

druhým pokušením je ryze vojenská politika , která se fixuje na fyzickou sílu , aniž by zvažovala , jak budovat větší věrohodnost a spravedlnost .
the second temptation is a purely military policy that fixates on physical strength without considering how to project greater credibility and fairness .
the second attempt is the feature of a military policy that is fixing for physical power without considering how to build greater credibility and justice .
the second attempt is a fish from a military policy that is fixed on physical power without considering how to build greater credibility and justice .

tyto programy úspěšně zvýšily docházku na střední školy v zemích jako mexiko , ekvádor , bangladéš a kambodža .
these programs have successfully increased secondary school enrollment in countries like mexico , ecuador , bangladesh , and cambodia .
these programmes have successfully increased the attendance to central schools in countries such as mexico , ekdor , bangladesh and cambodia .
these programmes have successfully increased these programmes in central schools in the countries such as mexico , eroor , bangladesh and cambodia .

nadále se ovšem věřilo , že z rentgenových obrazů je možné nějak získat podrobné informace o struktuře bílkovin , že jde jen o to zjistit jak .
but the faith remained that detailed information about protein structure could be obtained from the x-ray patterns in some way , if only it could be discovered .
however , it continues to be believed that it is possible to obtain detailed information on the structure of protein that this is just to find out how .
however , it continues to be believed that it is possible to obtain detailed information on the protein structure that this is just about finding out how .

přestože mezi syrskou a iráckou stranou baas vládlo urputné nepřátelství , útěchou bylo to , že obě byly členy konfederace despotismu .
though the syrian and iraqi baath parties were bitter foes , there was consolation in that both were members of a confederacy of despotisms .
despite the fact that between the syrian and iraqi party of baas the government has ruled hostile hostility , it has been a cool of both members of the confederation of despotism .
despite the fact that both of the syrian and iraqas side of the bay government has governed hostility , it was because both were members of the confederation of confederation despotism .

ze tří zkoušek , jež do této chvíle proběhly , se jedna nezdařila téměř a dvě naprosto . proto clinton přenechal celou věc svému nástupci .
of the three tests so far conducted , one failed almost , two entirely , which is why president clinton left the matter to his successor .
there have not been almost two , and that is why clinton has passed the whole thing of its successors .
the three tests that have taken place to date have not been almost two and two , and that is why the clinton has done the whole thing of his successor .

za prvé mladí lidé nemusí využít výhody v podobě levných vstupenek , poněvadž nemají zájem chodit poslouchat živou vážnou hudbu bez ohledu na cenu .
first , youth may not take advantage of cheap tickets to the extent that they are not interested in going to hear live classical music at any price .
first of all , young people do not need to benefit from the benefits of cheap entry , because they do not want to kill the livelihoods of serious music music , regardless of the price .
first of all , young people do not need to use the benefits in the form of cheap entry , because they do not want to listen to the lively serious humiliation , regardless of the price .

zároveň přivedla k žalostnému konci šestiměsíční předsednictví velké británie v evropské radě a potvrdila dlouhodobou pověst británie jako země , která v evropské unii stojí stranou .
it also brought to a sorry close the uk &apos;s six-month presidency of the european council , confirming britain &apos;s long-standing reputation as the odd-man-out in the european union .
at the same time , the six-month presidency of the great britain in the european council and confirmed the long-term reputation of britain as a country in the european union .
at the same time , it has led to the appalling end of the six-month presidency of the united kingdom in the european council and confirmed the long-term reputation of britain as a country that is in the european union .

události z iráku by se neměly horlivě interpretovat jako neměnná šablona americké politiky vůči zemím , které vyvíjejí zbraně hromadného ničení , podporují terorismus nebo upírají lidem svobodu .
what happened in iraq should not be over <<unk>> interpreted as a rigid template for us policy toward countries that pursue weapons of mass destruction , support terrorism , or deny people liberty .
the events in iraq should not be exemplary as non-soft and american policies against countries that are developing weapons of mass destruction , promote terrorism or denouncing people &apos;s freedom .
events from iraq should not be misinterpreted as an inhumane abstention of american policy towards countries that develop weapons of mass destruction , support terrorism or deny people freedom .

tuto strategii vytvořil adolf hitler , když údajně kvůli ochraně sudetských němců rozbil československo a když později napadl mou vlast , polsko .
adolf hitler minted this strategy when he dismantled czechoslovakia--supposedly in defense of the sudeten germans--and later when he invaded my homeland , poland .
this strategy was created by adolf hitler , allegedly due to the protection of sudeten germans , czechoslovakia and when he attacked my homeland , poland .
this strategy was created by adolf hitler when he alleged to protect the sudest germania of czechoslovakia and then attacked my home country , poland .

tento slibný vývoj totiž čelí hrozbě horečnatého volebního nacionalismu , který ve snaze získat hlasy voličů slibuje , že otevře staré rány a srovná staré prohry .
that promising development is being endangered by a fevered electoral nationalism which seeks to gain votes by promising to reopen old wounds and settle old scores .
this promising development , in fact , is facing a threat to the holy constituency of nationalism , which , in order to obtain votes , promises to open old bans and comparing old games .
this promising development is , in fact , faced with the threat of retail nationalism , which , in an attempt to obtain the voices , promises to open old havens and compare the old old prolonged pro-european games .

bernal a dorothy crowfootová ( později hodgkinová ) vytvořili obrazy suchých krystalů s obdobně neuspokojivými výsledky jako astbury .
bernal and dorothy crowfoot ( later hodgkin ) obtained patterns of the dry crystals , as astbury had , and with similarly disappointing results .
berlin and dowrocław ( later gkindly ) created images of droughts with similar unsatisfactory results as asthma results .
berlin and doctrine crowwski ( later hour ) has created a screening of the suspicions of the stalin , with similar unsatisfactory results as a habitual .

rozptyluje ecb , posiluje dojem , že evropa je špatná , a co je ještě důležitější , neefektivní vlády využijí této instituce jako obětního beránka vlastních neúspěchů .
it distracts the ecb , adds to the impression that europe is bad , and , more importantly , will be used by ineffective governments as a scapegoat for their failings .
it dispels the ecb , strengthens the impression that europe is bad , and what is even more important , ineffective governments will use this institution as a scapegoat of their own failure .
the ecb is fragmented by the ecb , strengthens the impression that europe is bad , and what is even more important , ineffective governments will use this institution as a scapegoat of their own failure .

dnes se mezi nimi stejně jako mezi palestinci ozývá naděje , že po stažení z gazy bude možné vrátit se k cestovní mapě a obnovit vyjednávání , jež povedou ke konečné dohodě mezi izraelem a palestinci .
among them , as well as among the palestinians , one hears the hope that after the gaza withdrawal , it will be possible to return to the road map and to resume negotiations leading to a final agreement between israel and the palestinians .
today , like the palestinians , there is hope that after the withdrawal of gaza , it will be possible to return to the road map and to renew negotiations that will lead to a final agreement between israel and palestinians .
today , as well as between the palestinians , there is hope that , after the withdrawal of gaza , it will be possible to return to the road map and restore negotiations that lead to a final agreement between israel and palestinians .

prvním pokušením , typickým pro vystrašené společnosti , je spěšné přijetí takzvaných <unk> tradičních &quot; hodnot , jež vedou ke stahování se , uzavírání se , netoleranci , ba až nenávisti .
the first temptation , characteristic of frightened societies , is a rush to embrace so-called &quot; traditional &quot; values , with their implications of withdrawal , closure , intolerance , and even hatred .
the first attempt , typical of the dietary companies , is the hasty adoption of the so-called traditional &apos; values that lead to withdrawal , closure , intolerance , hatred and hatred .
the first attempt , typical for dietary companies , is the reluctant adoption of so-called traditional &apos; values that lead to withdrawal , closure , intolerance , the hatred and hatred .

může-li být historie ponaučením , pak je ponaučením zejména v poznání , že ti , u nichž se prokázalo , že mohou být odstaveni na vedlejší kolej , na ni budou odstaveni znovu .
if history matters , it matters most significantly in this : those who have shown that they can be pushed around will be pushed around again .
if we can learn lessons from history , then it is a lesson , in particular , that those who have shown that they can be put on the sidelines will be put back on the paragraph again .
if we can learn from history , then it is a lesson to learn , in particular , that those who have shown that they can be paragraphs on the sidelines will be paragraph again .

již od počátku osmdesátých let je latinská amerika zaseknutá : ve většině zemí tohoto regionu rostou příjmy na hlavu pomalu ( pokud vůbec ) a jedna velká krize zde stíhá druhou .
since the early 1980 &apos;s , latin america has been stuck , with per capita incomes growing slowly ( if at all ) in most of the region , and with one big crisis following another .
since the beginning of the 1980s , latin america has been killed : in most of the countries of this region , revenue has grown on its head slowly ( if at all ) and there is one major crisis in the other .
since the beginning of the 1980s , latin america has been secondary : in most countries in the region , the incomes are rising to the head ( if only ) and one large crisis is shadow here .

problém tkví v tom , že pak voliči získají čtyři roky vlády kancléřky angely merkelové , jejíž oddanost neoliberálnímu projektu je bezmála tak silná jako moje .
the problem is that the electorate will then get four years of rule by a chancellor , angela merkel , whose commitment to the neo-liberal project is almost as strong as mine .
the problem is that the voters will then receive four years of chancellor angela merkel , whose commitment to the neoliberal project is not as strong as my own .
the problem is that the voters will then receive four years of chancellor angela merkel , whose commitment to the neoliberal project is not as strong as my own .

odtud keynesiánské řešení : využít měnovou politiku ( nižší úrokové sazby ) a fiskální politiku ( růst vládních výdajů a snížení daní ) a tím odvrátit hospodářství od směřování do propasti , kde může dojít k deflaci .
hence the keynesian solution : use monetary policy ( lower interest rates ) and fiscal policy ( expanded government spending and reduced taxes ) to keep the economy from ever approaching the precipice where deflation becomes possible .
the departure of keynesian solutions : using a monetary policy ( lower interest rates ) and fiscal policy ( growth of government expenditure and tax cuts ) , thereby postponing the economy from mixing into the trap where it can take place .
mercury keynesian solution : using a monetary policy ( lower interest rates ) and fiscal policy ( growth in government expenditure and tax reduction ) , thereby removing the economy from moving into a trap where there can be changes .

tvrdohlavost ecb a evropské komise tak nyní bohužel dodává munici populistickým vládám v kandidátských zemích , které spoléhají na zhodnocení měny , aby se mohly vyhnout fiskální disciplíně , již by s sebou zavedení eura neslo .
unfortunately , the stubbornness of the ecb and the european commission is now providing ammunition to populist governments in accession countries that are counting on currency appreciation to escape the fiscal discipline that adopting the euro would imply .
unfortunately , the hardship of the ecb and the european commission is now supplying the municipalities of populist governments in candidate countries which rely on the assessment of the currency so that fiscal discipline can be avoided , with the introduction of the euro .
unfortunately , the proof of the ecb &apos;s hunger and the european commission is now delivering the municipalities of populist governments in candidate countries , which rely on the evaluation of the currency , so that they can avoid fiscal discipline , the introduction of the euro would not have been imposed .

tato vlastnost je jeho největ<unk> ¡ ã <unk> silou a zdã ¡ se , <unk> <unk> e se prã ¡ vě pustil do svã <unk> ho vůbec nejriskantněj<unk> ¡ ã <unk> ho protiãºtoku .
this quality is his greatest strength , and it seems he has now embarked on his riskiest counteroffensive ever .
this owner is his main concern to the greatest senate of power and to refrain from spreading , the exaggeration of the exemplary exponence has pushed it into the sentiment of the safest chancellor of the sole chancellor of the massacre .
this owner is its largest embodiment of the scrap , and the walking of the scrap , a fortnight of the blanket , was forcefully pushed into the holy scrap at all of the last scrap , which is the very large part of the venture of the sale of the anti-season .

jestliže tak značná část náskoku usa v oblasti produktivity skutečně spočívá v tom , že wal-mart a jeho halové sourozence necháváme vyřádit , co se stane , až tento zdroj růstu začne opadat ?
if so much of the us productivity edge really amounts to letting wal-mart and its big-box cousins run amok , what will happen after this source of growth tapers off ?
indeed , if such a large part of the us productivity leap in the area of productivity lies in the fact that walli-marty and his homeland are leaving what will happen when this source of growth starts ?
indeed , if such a large part of the us in the productivity sector is in fact the fact that wallis and its homeland are left out of good lines , what happens when this source of growth begins ?

navzdory vší síle ameriky je jen málo toho , co mohou usa ve světě vykonat samy tak , že by to nešlo lépe s aktivní spoluúčastí ostatních , ať už se jedná o vlády , mezinárodní organizace nebo nevládní organizace .
for all of america &apos;s power , there is little that the us can do in the world that it can &apos;t do better with the active participation of others , be they governments , international organizations , or non-governmental organizations .
in spite of the external power of america , it is only too little that the us can do in the world itself in such a way that this would not be better linked to the active involvement of others , whether it be governments , international organisations or ngos .
in spite of the venture of america , it is only little about what the us can do in the world alone , that it would not be better with active cooperation between others , whether they are governments , international organisations or non-governmental organisations .

zatímco komunistické strany v polsku a maďarsku zažívaly vnitřní liberalizaci , která dovolovala relativně polooficiální zóny aktivit vně komunistické kontroly , československo se po invazi vojsk varsavské smlouvy v roce 1968 stalo strnulým neostalinistickým režimem .
while both the polish and hungarian communist parties experienced internal liberalization that allowed relatively large semi-official zones of activity outside communist control , czechoslovakia after the soviet-led invasion of 1968 became a rigid neo-stalinist regime .
while the communist party in poland and hungary experienced internal liberalisation , which allowed relatively penalised zones of communist control activities , the czechoslovakia , following the invasion of the 1968 treaty , has become a fiercely oppressive regime .
while the communist parties in poland and hungary have experienced internal liberalisation , which allowed the relatively voluntary zone of communist control activities , the czechoslovakia , following the invasion of the massacre treaty in 1968 , has become a fiercely harsh intimidation regime .

skepticismus respondentů je stěží neopodstatněný : interní listiny získané v nedávných soudních procesech odhalují , že farmaceutické společnosti často nepředají regulačním orgánům významné informace o bezpečnosti léčiv , jak požaduje zákon , a tyto informace nesdělí ani lékařům a pacientům .
their <<unk>> ticism is hardly groundless : internal documents obtained in recent lawsuits reveal that drug companies often fail to submit critical safety information to regulatory agencies , as required by law , and fail to communicate such information to physicians and patients .
the scepticism of the correspondents is hardly justified : the internal charter obtained in recent judicial processes reveal that pharmaceutical companies often do not pass on significant information to the regulatory authorities on the safety of medicines , as requested by the law , and this information does not include doctors and patients .
the scepticism of scepticism is hardly justified : the internal charter acquired in recent judicial processes reveals that pharmaceutical companies often do not prefer significant information to the regulatory authorities on the safety of medicines , as required by the law , and these information is not subject to doctors and patients .

nedávné důkazy , podle nichž se dal počet mrtvých a zraněných značně snížit , pokud by byli vojáci vybaveni lepšími neprůstřelnými vestami , vypovídají o tom , jak může krátkodobá spořivost vést k dlouhodobým nákladům .
recent evidence that deaths and injuries would have been greatly reduced had better body armor been provided to troops suggests how short-run frugality can lead to long-run costs .
the recent evidence , according to which the number of dead and injured has been significantly reduced , if soldiers were equipped with better firearms , seems to be able to show how short-term savings can lead to long-term costs .
the recent evidence , according to which the number of dead and injured has been significantly reduced , if soldiers were equipped with better five-fibres , will disappear about how the short-term gaps can lead to long-term costs .

jedním důvodem , proč k tomu stále nedochází , je to , že německo je příliš zaneprázdněné všemožnými pokusy o vyloučení polských , českých a maďarských dělníků ze svého trhu práce , než aby bylo schopno účinně tlačit na přijetí takových reforem .
one reason that won &apos;t happen because germany is too busy trying to keep out polish , czech and hungarian workers to press for such reforms .
the reason why this is still not being done is that germany is too empty attempts to exclude polish , czech and hungarian workers from its labour market , rather than effectively pushing for such reforms to be adopted .
it is one reason why this is still not happening , that germany is too empty attempts to exclude polish , czech and hungarian workers from their labour market rather than being able to effectively force such reforms .

evropská komise předpovídá , že rozpočtový deficit francie dosáhne letos 3,7 % hdp a německý schodek se zvýsí na 3,4 % - obě čísla přitom vysoce překračují maximální hranici tří procent hdp stanovenou paktem stability a růstu pro země eurozóny .
the european commission predicts that the french government deficit will reach 3.7 % of gdp this year , with germany &apos;s widening to 3.4 % --both figures well beyond the deficit cap ( 3 % of gdp ) set by the euro-zone &apos;s stability and growth pact .
the european commission predicts that this year &apos;s budget deficit will reach 3.7 % of gdp and the german deficit increase to 3.4 % - both figures exceed the maximum limit of three per cent of gdp laid down by the stability and growth pact for the euro area countries .
the european commission foresees that the budget deficit of france will achieve 3.7 % of gdp this year , and the german deficit will increase to 3.4 % - while both are highly exceeding the maximum limit of the three per cent of gdp per cent , set by the stability and growth pact for the euro area countries .

zemědělská politika eu se začala reformovat a její podíl na rozpočtu eu klesl z více než 60 % na 40 % ; británie se několik let těšila značně vyššímu hospodářskému růstu než ostatní členské státy , takže dnes patří k bohatším zemím eu , a to i ve srovnání s francií a německem ; a nové členské země jsou o tolik chudší než i ti nejchudší ze starých členů , že mají nezadatelné morální právo na štědrý podíl z jakéhokoliv rozpočtu , který lze dojednat .
eu farm policy has started to be reformed , and its share of the eu budget has fallen from over 60 % to 40 % ; britain has for several years enjoyed significantly faster economic growth than most other member states , so that it is now one of the richer eu countries , even compared with france and germany ; and the new member states are so much poorer than even the poorest of the old members , that they have an unanswerable moral case for a generous share of whatever budget could be negotiated .
the eu &apos;s agricultural policy has begun to reform and its share of the eu budget has fallen from over 60 % to britain ; over a few years it has increased economic growth than other member states , so they belong to rich eu countries today , compared with france and germany ; and new member states are so poorer than the poorest and the poorest members of the old , who have no right to have an overwhelming share of any budget that can be taken into account today , even in comparison with france and germany ; and new member states are so far less than the poorest .
the eu &apos;s agricultural policy has started to reform and its share of the eu budget has fallen from more than 60 % to 40 % of britain ; several years have increased economic growth than other member states , so it is one of the richer countries of the eu , compared with france and germany , and the new member states are so poor than the poorest of the old budget , that they have no moral right to the full economic growth of any other member states , so today , they belong to the richer countries of the richer eu , including in comparison with france and germany .

nejjasnějším příkladem tohoto trendu je maďarsko , kde premiér viktor orbán v rámci své volební kampaně , s níž nakonec jen o vlásek neuspěl , požadoval zrušení tzv. benešových dekretů z roku 1945 , na jejichž základě přišli o majetek i občanství němečtí a maďarští občané československa , kteří tehdy byli deportováni .
the clearest case of this comes from hungary , where prime minister viktor orban demanded an abrogation of president edvard benes &apos; decrees of 1945 ( which confiscated the assets of and stripped citizenship from the german and hungarian populations deported from czechoslovakia at that time ) as part of a re-election campaign that failed narrowly .
hungary is the most clear example of this trend , where prime minister vior orbán , in his election campaign , with which he ultimately asked to abolish the so-called decree of the 1945 decrees , following the most clear example of this trend , was set up by the prime minister of hungary , where prime minister vior orbán was in his election campaign , with whom he ultimately asked not only to abolish the so-called &apos; decree &apos; decree of the decrees , following the german and hungarian citizenship and hungarian citizens who were then czechose in the past , who were at the time faced by the german citizens of the german citizen of slovakia people , who were not only failed to cancelled to abject the so-called decrees .
the most clear example of this hungary , where prime minister video &apos;s election campaign , which , in the end , was not just about the abolition of the 1945 , of which the prime minister of hungary is the most clear example of this trend , where prime minister video &apos;s prime minister , in his election campaign , with only the governments , in the end , did not only have called for the abolition of the so-called 1945 , of which had been requested by the german hungarian citizens and the hungarian citizens at the time of hungary , in the case of hungary &apos;s citizens .

hlavnã <unk> zdroj jeho sã <unk> ly ov<unk> ¡ em nespočã <unk> vã ¡ v zã ¡ konnã <unk> ch pravomocã <unk> ch , je<unk> <unk> mu uděluje ãºstava , nã <unk> br<unk> <unk> ve skutečnã <unk> podpoře , kterou mu poskytuje jeho vlastnã <unk> strana .
however , the main source of any german chancellor &apos;s strength is not to be found in the legal powers conferred upon him by the constitution ; it is the actual support he holds within his own party .
the man-made man-made man-made man-made man-made task is a serious source of provisional diligence in the sentiment of the pockets of the task of exporting a major amirror , which lends the exhibition to the exhibition of the posure to the poteeth of the pockets of the pocketeeteeteeth of the polemate pockness of the task of the task of exact by the task of the exhibition of the mail of the task force of the task forces of the task forces of the task forces of the task force , the task of the task of the irish people , by the task of the task of the task of the task , and it .
the guidance of the eu &apos;s sentiment of its embassies of the spreading of the azores , the guidance of the eu &apos;s sentiment of the spreads of the spreading of the scrappppppppppppppppppppppi for a , provides the guard &apos;s guidance , the guidance of the joke of the committee of the assassination of a fan , which provides a full support for a fa , a fa , a fa fa , a fa , a fa , of a , of a fa , of a , of a fa , a , of a , of a , a , a , a ted for the eu &apos;s b and the eu &apos;s sitting the eu , of a b , of a sor of a , of a sor of a

