další balkánské <unk> za minutu dvanáct <unk>
another balkan high noon
the next balkan people will have been serious in the past for 12 minutes .
the next balkans for 12 minutes of 12 .

ale právě tím je bezpečnost léčiv důležitější .
but this makes drug safety all the more important .
but that is what the safety of medicines is all the more important .
however , this is the safety of medicines more importantly .

takový úřad existuje ve velké británii .
such an office exists in the united kingdom .
there is such an office in great britain .
such an office exists in the uk .

co to všechno znamená pro nás ?
so , where does this leave us ?
what does all this mean for us ?
what does all this mean for us ?

nové staré časy ?
a world restored ?
what new old times ?
the new old old time ?

dokonce i jejich politické omyly nakonec vždycky dopadnou dobře .
even their policy blunders turn out right .
even their political mistakes have , in the end , always become a good thing .
even their political omissions have finally been very well affected .

snížení daňového zatížení může zvýsit čistý výnos .
the reduction in tax collection can increase disposable income .
a reduction in tax burdens can increase net yields .
reducing tax burdens can increase clean yield .

obávají se , že se totéž stane i v evropě .
the same thing , they fear , will happen in europe .
they fear that this will also happen in europe .
they fear that the same happens in europe too .

je její podstatou sdílení hodnot nebo přispívání k nim ?
is it about sharing them or about contributing to them ?
is it the essence of sharing values or contributing to them ?
is it the essence of sharing values or contributing to them ?

ruské <unk> nět <unk> přitom nemusí být poslední slovo .
russia &apos;s early &quot; nyet &quot; may not be the last word .
however , the last word does not have to be the last resort .
it does not need to be the last word for russia to be a substitute in this way .

všichni se musíme stát bojovníky za svobodu .
we must all become freedom fighters .
we must all become fighters for freedom .
we all have to become boyers for freedom .

samozřejmě , když už nepřátelé útočí , není čas klást příliš mnoho otázek .
of course , when enemies are already attacking , one cannot afford to ask too many questions .
of course , when the enemies are attacking , it is not time to ask too many questions .
of course , when enemies no longer attack , there is no time to ask too many questions .

za těchto okolností neexistuje jediný rozumný důvod čekat se zvyšováním úrokových sazeb .
in these circumstances , there is no good reason to wait to raise interest rates .
in these circumstances , there is no reasonable reason to wait for interest rates to increase .
in these circumstances , there is no reasonable reason to wait for increasing interest rates .

proč tedy prohlašuje , že je vášnivým proevropanem ?
so why does he say he is a passionate pro-european ?
so why is it saying that it is a passionate pro-european ?
so why is it saying that it is a hesitant pro-european ?

a klíčovým určujícím faktorem pevného zdraví je přístup k čisté vodě .
and a key determinant of whether they will have good health or not is access to clean water .
access to clean water is a key and key factor for fixed health .
the key factor of solid health is access to clean water .

evropský projekt je odpovědí realistů na globalizaci a výzvy , které přináší .
the european project is a realist &apos;s response to globalization and its challenges .
the european project is the answer to globalisation and the challenges it brings .
the european project is a response to the reality of globalisation and the challenges it brings .

už víc než 20 let tvrdím , že vysoké míry nezaměstnanosti v západní evropě jsou neudržitelné .
for over 20 years i have argued that western europe &apos;s high unemployment rates are unsustainable .
for more than 20 years i have been saying that high unemployment rates in western europe are unsustainable .
for more than 20 years , i am saying that the high levels of unemployment in western europe are unsustainable .

pátým šokem bylo sjednocení německa , které je z ekonomického hlediska nezdarem .
the fifth shock was german unification , which is a failure in economic terms .
the fifth shock was the reunification of germany , which is economically unknown .
the fifth shock was the reunification of germany , which is not in economic terms .

všichni jsme věděli , že branka , kterou vstřelil , nebyla skutečným gólem .
everybody knew that a goal scored by him was not a real goal .
we all knew that the selection that was shot was not a real gón .
we all knew that the defender , which shocked , was not a real gón .

z pohledu zahraničního investora se ale brusel chová liberálně a spravedlivě .
from the perspective of outside investors , however , brussels looks liberal and virtuous .
from the point of view of foreign investor , however , brussels is liberal and fair .
however , from the point of view of the foreign investor , brussels is very liberal and fairly .

pár dní po referendech se nedokázaly dohodnout na rozpočtu eu na léta 2007-13 .
within days of the votes , they failed to agree on the eu budget for 2007-13 .
a few days after the referendums , they were unable to agree on the eu budget for the summer of 13 .
a few days after the referendums , they were unable to agree on the eu budget for years and 13 .

to je důvod , proč by veškeré důkazy , které budou nalezeny , měli posoudit nezávislí experti osn .
for this reason , independent un experts should assess any evidence that is uncovered .
this is why all the evidence that will be found should be assessed by independent un experts .
this is why all the evidence that will be found should be assessed independently of the un experts .

v jedné zemi se její prezident okamžitě rozhodl osvobodit muže , jenž byl obviněn z plánování puče .
in one country , the president immediately decided to free a man accused of plotting a coup .
in one country , its president immediately decided to free a man who was accused of planning .
in one country , its president has immediately decided to free man who was accused of planning .

plánování takové růstové strategie je těžší i snazší než realizace standardní neoliberální politiky .
designing such a growth strategy is both harder and easier than implementing standard neoliberal policies .
planning such a growth strategy is both more difficult and easier to implement than standard neoliberal policies .
planning such a growth strategy is more difficult and easier than implementing standard neoliberal policies .

v příštích letech budou ke zvýšení množství oxidu uhličitého v atmosféře mohutně přispívat rovněž čína a indie .
in future years , china and india also will make massive contributions to increased carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
in the coming years , china and india will also contribute greatly to increasing the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
in the coming years , there will be a great deal of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , including china and india .

ony koneckonců mohly směřovat k industrializaci a bohatství po snadné a na emise vydatné cestě .
after all , they could take an easy , emissions-intensive path to industrialization and wealth .
after all , they could , after all , move towards industrialisation and wealth after easy and exhaustive journeys .
after all , they could , after all , move towards industrialisation and wealth after easy and emissions of the date .

nese s sebou příslib , že oddělí finanční řízení od řízení výroby , což přinese rychlejší inovace a hospodářský růst .
it promises to decouple the management of finance from that of production , implying faster innovation and economic growth .
it belongs to the pledge that financial management is allocated to production management , which will bring about faster innovation and economic growth .
it bears a promise that the financial management of production management , which will bring faster innovation and economic growth .

proč například nepověřit nezávislou byrokracii určitými cíli přerozdělování nebo řízením úrovně veřejných investic či správou deficitu ?
why not , for example , entrust an independent bureaucracy with some redistributive goals or control over the level of public investment or deficit management ?
why , for example , do not believe independent bureaucracy in a certain goal of redistributing or managing the level of public investment or administrative deficit ?
why , for example , do not believe the independent bureaucracy of certain objectives of redistribution or management of the level of public investment or the administrative deficit ?

nakonec se z toho vyvinula trojstranná bitva mezi británií , francií a novými členskými státy .
in the event , it turned into a three-way battle between britain , france and the new member states .
finally , the tripartite battle between britain , france and the new member states has developed .
finally , there was a tripartite battle between britain , france and the new member states .

vedoucí činitelé , kteří svou popularitu nikdy nedávají všanc , nejsou svého postavení hodni .
leaders who never risk their popularity are not worth their position .
the leaders of the leaders who are never belonging to their populist are not worthy of their position .
the leaders who never have all their populated population are not worthy of their position .

publikum navíc může oceňovat odvážný repertoár tím více , čím více je mu vystaveno .
moreover , the audience may come to appreciate an adventuresome repertoire the more it becomes exposed to it .
in addition , the publication by cuba can appreciate the courageous town of more , the more it is exposed to it .
moreover , the publication of a bold town can appreciate the bold flow of the more , the more it is exposed to it .

rusko hrozí , že je vypoví všechny , pokud usa odstoupí od dohody o protibalistických raketách .
russia threatens to scrap all of them once the us leaves the abm-treaty .
russia is at risk of being exhausted by all if the us is moving away from the anti-semitic rockets agreement .
russia is at risk of being interpreted all of them if the us is moving away from the agreement on anti-racist rains .

rozšířená eu by měla být cestou , jak vyvažovat asymetrický vztah mezi malými zeměmi východní evropy a německem .
an extended eu should represent a means to balance the asymmetrical relationship between eastern europe &apos;s small countries with germany .
the enlarged eu should be the way to interpret the asymmetrical relationship between the small countries of eastern europe and germany .
the enlarged eu should be the way to balance the metric relationship between the small countries of eastern europe and germany .

jedním z podnětů americké mezinárodní angažovanosti - a zároveň jeden z významných zdrojů globální moci usa - je snaha učinit svět lepším .
one impulse behind america &apos;s international engagement , and one of the great sources of its global power , has been its enduring impulse to make the world a better place .
one of the impetus of american international engagement - and one of the major sources of global power of the us - is to make the world better .
one of the stimulus of the american international engagement - and at the same time one of the major sources of global power of the us - is the attempt to make the world better .

realisticky viděno , evropská komise nemůže od národních vlád žádat víc než transparentnost a srozumitelnost jejich fiskálních účtů .
realistically , all that the commission can ask of european national governments is for transparency and clarity in their fiscal accounts .
a realistic vision , the european commission cannot demand more from national governments than transparency and clarity on their fiscal accounts .
a realistic vision , the european commission cannot demand more than transparency and clarity of their fiscal accounts from national governments .

veřejné peníze nicméně umožňují odvážný program i v případě , kdy se vkus publika vychýlí konzervativním směrem .
a corollary is that public money makes it possible for adventuresome programming even if audience tastes run to the conservative side .
however , public money allows a courageous programme in the event of a kind of publication of a conservative direction .
however , public money allows a courageous programme , even if a piece of publish-publisher publishers .

vlna nesnášenlivosti , jíž orbán svým manévrem vyvolal , zastavila významnou část regionální spolupráce posledních deseti let .
the ill will orban &apos;s gambit inspired brought to a halt much of the regional cooperation of the last decade .
the wave of intolerance issued by its manoeuvre has halted an important part of regional cooperation over the last ten years .
the wave of intolerance , which orbán has appeared , has stopped a significant part of the regional cooperation of the last ten years .

popisoval pozoruhodnou spirálovitou dvojvlákennou stavbu dna - genetického materiálu živých organismů .
it described a remarkable two-chain helical structure for dna--the genetic material in living organisms .
he described a remarkable spiral of the twofold body at the weekend - genetic material of living organisms .
he described a remarkable spiral of the double space of the dna space of dna - genetic material of living organisms .

těžší proto , že příčiny zpomalení růstu se v každé zemi obvykle liší a ne vždy reagují na normativní recepty .
it is harder because the binding constraints on growth are usually country-specific and do not respond well to standardized recipes .
it is difficult because the causes of a slowdown in growth are usually different in each country and not always respond to normative recipes .
it is difficult because the causes of slowing growth are usually different in each country , and not always respond to the normative recipients .

kandidát ro mu-hjon vyzval k novému vztahu mezi jižní koreou a usa , založenému na principu nezávislosti a rovnosti .
candidate roh called for a new relationship between south korea and the us , one based on the principle of independence and equality .
the candidate , mr muhon , called for a new relationship between south korea and the us , based on the principle of independence and equality .
the candidate for mu-hjon called for a new relationship between south korea and the us , based on the principle of independence and equality .

po velkých tragédiích v indonésii , ve španělsku a v rusku je dnes navíc terorismus vnímán jako problém všech .
moreover , terrorism is now viewed as a problem for everyone , with major tragedies in indonesia , spain , and russia .
in addition , following major tragedies in indonesia , spain and russia today , terrorism is seen as a problem of all .
moreover , following the major tragedy in indonesia , spain and russia , terrorism is seen as a problem of all .

nejprve ale všechny země musí zohlednit problematiku klimatu při plánování politik a zlepšit výkon vlády v klíčových sektorech , jako je energetika , infrastruktura a doprava .
but first , all countries must integrate climate concerns into policy planning , and improve their governance in key sectors such as energy , infrastructure , and transport .
first of all , however , all countries must take account of the issue of climate policy planning and improve the performance of governments in key sectors such as energy , infrastructure and transport .
first of all , however , all countries must take into account the climate issue in planning policies and improve the performance of governments in key sectors such as energy , infrastructure and transport .

může být těžké určit , zda k pacientovu úmrtí nebo hospitalizaci došlo kvůli určitému léku , samotnému onemocnění nebo kombinaci obou faktorů .
whether a patient &apos;s death or hospitalization is due to a particular drug , the underlying illness , or a combination of the two can be hard to determine .
it can be difficult to determine whether the patient &apos;s death or hospitalisation has taken place due to a kind of medicine , a disease or a combination of both factors .
it may be difficult to identify whether the patient &apos;s death or hospital has occurred due to a certain summer , a disease itself or a combination of both factors .

důkladné analýzy nákladů na významné projekty jsou na ministerstvu obrany i v jiných vládních složkách již téměř padesát let běžnou praxí .
elaborate cost-benefit analyses of major projects have been standard practice in the defense department and elsewhere in government for almost a half-century .
thorough analyses of the costs of major projects are already normal practice in both the ministry of defence and other government forces for almost 50 years .
the thorough analysis of the costs of significant projects is in the ministry of defence , as well as in other government components , for nearly 50 years , normal practice .

je zřejmé , že potřeba mezinárodní intervence v případě krizí mnohdy vyvstává v určitém specifickém časovém období a často je zapotřebí značně rychlé reakce .
clearly , the need for international intervention in crises is often time-specific and a fairly swift response is frequently required .
it is clear that the need for international intervention in the event of a crisis has often arisen in a certain specific timeframe and is often needed in a very rapid response .
it is clear that the need for international intervention in the event of a crisis has often arisen in a certain specific period of time , and a rapid response is often needed .

je například těžké si představit , jak <unk> učinit z chudoby historii <unk> , aniž bychom vytvořili dostatek řádné práce , příležitostí ke vzdělání a zdravotní péči pro všechny .
it is hard to imagine , for example , how to &quot; make poverty history &quot; without also generating enough decent work , educational opportunities , and healthcare for all .
it is difficult , for example , to imagine how difficult to take out of poverty , without creating good work , opportunities for education and healthcare for all .
it is difficult , for example , to imagine how to do this in the wake of poverty , without creating enough work , opportunities for education and healthcare for all .

každá zahraniční politika usa musí slučovat zájmy a hodnoty , neboť americká veřejnost vždy trvá na tom , aby se národní cíle usa vztahovaly k národním ideálům .
any us foreign policy must combine interests and values , because the american public always insists that us national objectives be linked to national ideals .
every foreign policy of the us must serve the interests and values , as the american public always insists that the national objectives of the us should apply to national ideals .
every foreign policy of the us must merit interests and values , as the american public always insists on the national objectives of the us to apply to national ideals .

často se dnes tvrdí , že smysl pro solidaritu evropské unie ohrozilo , ne-li přímo roztříštilo rozšíření , které dalo přístřeší zemím střední a východní evropy .
nowadays it is often alleged that the european union &apos;s sense of solidarity was put in jeopardy , if not shattered outright , by its enlargement to take in the countries of central and eastern europe .
it is often claimed today that the sense of solidarity of the european union was jeopardised if it was not directly fragmented by enlargement , which has led to the shelter of the countries of central and eastern europe .
today , it is often said that the sense of solidarity for the european union has jeopardised if it was not directly fragmented by enlargement , which has been shocked by central and eastern europe .

čína , vietnam , indie : všechny tři země porušily snad všechna pravidla neoliberální filozofie , přestože se vydaly na tržně orientovanou cestu .
china , vietnam , india : all three violated virtually every rule in the neoliberal guidebook , even as they moved in a more market-oriented direction .
china , vietnam , india : all three countries have infringed all the rules of neoliberal philosophy , even though they have embarked on a market-based path .
china , china , vietnam , india : all three countries have perhaps violated all the rules of the neoliberal philosophy , even though they have come to a market-oriented path .

a jelikož se svět postupně stává globálním jevištěm , je při rozněcování touhy po prozřetelných vůdcích nepostradatelná také role sdělovacích prostředků .
with the world becoming a global stage , the media &apos;s role in fueling the appetite for providential leaders is essential .
as the world is gradually becoming a global phenomenon , it is also an indispensable role for the media in the birth of a desire for provisional leaders .
and since the world is gradually becoming a global phenomenon , it is indispensable in the distinction of the desire for profound leaders as well as the role of the media .

z toho důvodu by měli nejkrutější rozhodnutí činit v prvním roce vládnutí a s blížícími se volbami postupně , , změkčovat &quot; .
this is why they should commit their cruelest deeds in the first year and soften up as the next election approaches .
for this reason , the most vicious decisions should be made in the first year of governance and gradually approaching elections , change &apos; .
for this reason , the most cruel decision should be made in the first year of government and with the forthcoming elections gradually , change &apos; .

jestliže nezaměstnanost neuvízla přímo na úrovních velké deprese , držela se dost vysoko na to , aby se určující zkušeností stala dlouhodobá ztráta zaměstnání nebo strach z ní .
if unemployment was not stuck quite at great depression levels , it remained high enough to make long-term joblessness or the fear of long-term joblessness a defining experience .
if unemployment does not go directly at large depressors , it has kept enough to determine the experience of long-term loss of employment or fear .
if unemployment did not go directly at the level of great depression , there has been enough to ensure that the long-term loss of employment or diet has become long-term .

naděje , že se jí v letošním roce podaří dosáhnout schválení rozpočtu , jsou nepatrné , a pokud se tento spor brzy nevyřeší , unie nebude mít do roku 2007 provozní rozpočet .
chances that it gets the budget approved this year are slim , and , unless the dispute is resolved soon , the union will not have an operational budget by 2007 .
the hopes that this year will be achieved by the approval of the budget are invisible , and if this dispute is not resolved soon , the union will not have an operational budget until 2007 .
the hope that this year will be able to achieve the approval of the budget will be unclear and , if this dispute is not resolved soon , the union will not have an operational budget by 2007 .

největší světové demokracie - usa , indie , británie a další - jsou ovšem stále zběhlejší v tom , jak nedovolit svobodně projeveným názorům , aby omezovaly jednání vlády .
but the world &apos;s great democracies--the us , india , the uk , and others--are increasingly adept at not allowing freely expressed opinions to constrain what the government does .
however , the world &apos;s largest democracy - the us , india , britain and others - are still looking at how they do not allow free opinions to restrict the government &apos;s negotiations .
however , the biggest world democracy - the usa , india , britain and others - are still more and more obvious in the way that they do not allow freely to restrict the negotiations of the government .

to lze učinit demonstrací toho , že iráčané jednoduše tajili důkazy na místech , která inspektoři navštívili a o nichž prohlásili , že zbraně neukrývají .
this can be done by showing that the iraqis were simply hiding the evidence at sites visited by the inspectors and declared free of weapons .
this can be done by demonstrating that iraqi simply secret the evidence in places that inspectors visited and declared that weapons do not hide arms .
this can be done by demonstrating that iraqi was simply secret evidence in places that have visited inspectors and which have stated that weapons do not hide .

vláda navíc vyzvala předáky bosenské republiky srbské , aby pohrozili , že uspořádají vlastní referendum o odtržení od stále křehké bosny .
moreover , the government has encouraged the leaders of bosnia &apos;s republika srpska to threaten to hold their own referendum on separation from a still fragile bosnia .
furthermore , the government has called on the leaders of the republic of serbia to threaten to save its own referendum on the separation from the increasingly fragile bosnia .
moreover , the government has called on the leaders of the republic of the republic of serbia to threaten the fact that they are buying their own referendum on distress from still fragile bosnia .

demokracie spočívá ve vládnutí prostřednictvím debaty , v přijímání důležitých rozhodnutí po důkladném uvážení , které - alespoň ve velkých zemích - musí být vedeno v parlamentu prostřednictvím volených zástupců .
democracy is government by debate , by taking important decisions after thorough deliberation of the kind that--at least in large countries--must be conducted in a parliament through elected representatives .
democracy lies in governance through the debate , taking important decisions after thorough consideration - at least in large countries - must be conducted in parliament through elected representatives .
democracy is governed by the debate , in adopting important decisions following thorough consideration - at least in large countries - it must be conducted in parliament through elected representatives .

k dnešku bylo na programy související se změnou klimatu vyčleněno přes jednu miliardu usd v grantech globálního fondu pro životní prostředí ( gef ) , společně s osmi miliardami usd v rámci spolufinancování .
to date , over $ 1 billion dollars in global environment facility ( gef ) grants , together with about $ 8 billion in co-financing , have been committed to programs related to climate change .
to date , the climate change programmes have been allocated over a billion euros in the global environment fund grants ( gef ) , together with eight billion in cofinancing .
to date , usd 1 billion has been earmarked for climate change programmes , despite usd 1 billion in the grants of the global environment fund ( gef ) , together with usd eight billion in cofinancing .

selhání globalizace lze do značné míry přičíst stejnému myšlenkovému proudu , který vedl k selháním v iráku . multilaterální instituce nesmí sloužit pouze jedné zemi , nýbrž zemím všem .
in no small measure , the failures of globalization can be traced to the same mindset that led to the failures in iraq : multilateral institutions must serve not just one country &apos;s interest , but all countries &apos; .
the failure of globalisation can , to a large extent , be attributed to the same sort of thought that led to failure in iraq , and multilateral institutions must not serve only one country but all countries .
the failure of globalisation can , to a large extent , be added to the same thought that led to failure in iraq , the multilateral institutions must not serve only one country , but to all countries .

správnou reakcí by proto bylo využít nákladů spojených s novými členskými zeměmi coby pádného důvodu k odstranění dotací eu a všech dalších anti-tržních mechanismů , čímž by se mohl vybudovat větší a lepší trh .
the right response here would be to use the costs associated with new members as an excuse to abolish eu subsidies and anti-market mechanisms and so create a bigger , better market .
the right response would therefore be to use the costs associated with the new member states as a result of the removal of eu subsidies and all other anti-market mechanisms , thereby creating a greater and better market .
therefore , the correct response would be to use the costs associated with the new member states as a result of a fall in eu subsidies and all other anti-market mechanisms , thereby creating a greater and better market .

její úkoly v této oblasti byly ratifikovány roku 1948 ve všeobecné deklaraci lidských práv a roku 1975 v helsinské úmluvě , která lidská práva právně nadřadila suverenitě jednotlivých států .
its tasks in this area were affirmed in the 1948 universal declaration of human rights and the 1975 helsinki accords , which give human rights legal supremacy over the sovereignty of individual states .
its tasks in this area have been ratified by 1948 in the universal declaration of human rights and 1975 in the helsinki convention , which has legally transformed the sovereignty of individual states .
its tasks in this area have been ratified by 1948 in the universal declaration of human rights and 1975 in the helsinki convention , which was legally suited to the sovereignty of individual states .

naším prvořadým cílem by mělo být vytvoření světa , v němž vlády , organizace i lidé přijmou uspořádání , která jim umožní naplňovat sdílené zájmy a budou odrážet zásadní celosvětové hodnoty .
our over <<unk>> riding goal should be to create a world in which governments , organizations , and peoples embrace arrangements that allow them to realize their shared interests and that reflect fundamental universal values .
our primary objective should be to create a world in which governments , organisations and people will accept a arrangement that will enable them to meet shared interests and reflect fundamental global values .
our primary objective should be to create a world in which governments , organisations and people will accept the organisation , which will enable them to fulfil shared interests and reflect fundamental global values .

podobně hájil můj úřad liberální týdeník novoje vremja ( nový čas ) , na který činila moskevská radnice nátlak pod záminkou obchodního sporu o nájemní smlouvu .
similarly , my office defended the liberal weekly newspaper novoe vremya ( new times ) , which was being pressured by moscow &apos;s city government on the pretext of a commercial dispute about a lease .
likewise , my liberal team defended the newspaper ovrea ( new time ) to which moscow advised the pressure under the pretext of a trade dispute over the tense treaty .
similarly , my office of the liberal team has defended a newspaper &apos;s newspaper ( new time ) , on which moscow has put pressure under the pretext of a trade dispute on the table .

několik zemí dnes usnadňuje přístup ke střednímu školství , zejména prostřednictvím <unk> programů podmínečného převodu hotovosti <unk> , které nabízejí stipendium chudým rodinám , jejichž děti pravidelně chodí do školy .
several countries now facilitate access to secondary schooling , in particular through &quot; conditional cash transfer programs , &quot; which offer a stipend to poor families whose children regularly attend school .
today , several countries facilitate access to centres of education , particularly through conditional on-call time programmes , which offer a pensionable pension to poor families whose children regularly go to school .
today , several countries make it easier to access to education , particularly through the programmes of the unconditional transfer of cash , which offer a pensioner to poor families whose children regularly go to school .

mã <unk> nte<unk> mnohem vã <unk> c lne k tradičnã <unk> m sociã ¡ lně demokratickã <unk> m ( či starolabouristickã <unk> m ) hodnotã ¡ m .
müntefering , however , is more attached to traditional social democratic ( or old labour ) values .
the mill of mannonsensical manoeuvre far from a tradition of a traditional man-made givour to the sentiment of the pledge of a democratically democratic man-made job ( pledge or labour worship ) has been a great deal of sympathy for the communication .
the eu &apos;s teams &apos;s teenemy of a much hectares for the tradition of the embryo of a marrice of a strong vision of a democratim democratically and democratically acquired by the labour line ) the value of a peacem .

američané byli počastováni výjevy hurávlastenectví , podněcování strachu , zaměňování iráku za teroristy usámy bin ládina a prostého patriotismu .
the american people have been treated to a spectacle of jingoism , fear mongering , confusion of iraq with osama bin laden &apos;s terrorists , and simple patriotism .
the americans have been ashamed of insults , incitement to fear , contempt for iraq for the terrorists of bin laden and simple patriotism .
the americans were infected by hurry hurricane , intimidation of fear , the focus of iraq for the terrorists of baby bin and the simple patriotism .

nezdar annanova plánu pro kypr naznačuje , že dobré úmysly nestačí <unk> a neshody na kypru byly nepatrné ve srovnání s tím , co rozděluje izraelce a palestince .
the failure of the annan plan for cyprus suggests that good intentions are not enough -- and the disagreements in cyprus were miniscule compared to what divides israelis and palestinians .
the failure of the annan plan for cyprus indicates that good intentions are not enough and the disagreements in cyprus were invisible compared to what divides the israelis and palestinians .
the failure of the annan annan plan for cyprus indicates that good intentions are not enough and disagreements in cyprus were unevident compared with what divides the israelis and palestinians .

a tak se mečiar s houževnatostí jemu vlastní obul do &quot; maďarské hrozby &quot; a jedním rázem smazal čtyři roky snah současné slovenské vlády včlenit zástupce maďarské národnostní menšiny do slovenské vlády .
so meciar pounced , denouncing the &quot; hungarian menace , &quot; undoing in a stroke four years of hard work by slovakia &apos;s current government to integrate representatives of the ethnic hungarian minority into slovakia &apos;s government .
so meagre with the tenacity of his own in &apos; hungarian threats &apos; , and one blow to the four years of efforts of the current slovak government to incorporate representatives of the hungarian national minority into the slovak government .
thus , the meras with a pain of his own admiration to the &apos; hungarian threat &apos; , and one hazard mazed four years in the efforts of the current slovak government by members of the hungarian national minority to the slovak government .

bernalovým hlavním vědeckým zájmem byla zpočátku atomová stavba krystalů , kovů a minerálů a později hormonů a sterolů - a také některých aminokyselin , stavebních prvků bílkovin .
bernal &apos;s main scientific interest was initially the atomic structure of crystals , metals , and minerals , then of hormones and sterols--and of some amino acids , the building blocks of proteins .
the main scientific concern was the start of the atomic labels , metals and minerals , and later hormones and roles - as well as some axis of ossetia , construction elements of protein .
the central scientific interest was at the beginning of the atrocities , coins and mines , and the horrors and stemonks later - and also some ambassadors , the construction elements of protein .

dozajista ne hrozba mnoha miliard lir a francouzských franků příslušných černých ekonomik obou zemí , o kterých se předpokládá , že v lednu 2003 vyplavou na denní světlo , aby byly směněny v americké dolary .
certainly not the threat of many billions of black economy lira or ff supposedly coming out from under the mattress next january to be converted into dollars .
certainly not the threat of many billions of litres and french franco in the relevant black economies of both countries , which are supposed to be paid to the daily light in january 2003 to be channelled in the american dollar .
certainly , not the threat of many billion livelihoods and french franks of the relevant black economies of both countries , which are expected to be paid in january 2003 to the day in order to be directed in the us dollar .

ve střední evropě tento jev posiluje skutečnost , že vládnoucí strany musely bez ohledu na ideologické tendence privatizovat hospodářství a pod tlakem evropské unie zavádět reformní opatření , jichž by se v klasickém západním systému ujala pravice .
in central europe this effect has been amplified by the fact that , regardless of ideological leanings , rulings parties have had to privatize the economy and , under pressure from the european union , introduce reform measures that would , in a classical western system , usually be undertaken by the political right .
in central europe , this phenomenon strengthens the fact that the ruling parties had to privatise the economy , regardless of ideological tendencies , and under pressure from the european union to implement the reform measures that would take place in the classic western system .
in central europe , this phenomenon strengthens the fact that the ruling parties had to privatise the economy regardless of ideological tendencies and under pressure from the european union to implement the reform measures taken in the classic system .

globalizované trhy , svobodný obchod , militantní islám , probuzení číny : to vše jsou věci , které historikové a stratégové obvykle vykreslují jako klíčové síly utvářející náš osud .
globalized markets , unfettered trade , militant islam , china &apos;s awakening : these are the things historians and strategists usually portray as the key forces shaping our destiny .
china &apos;s relative markets , free trade , militant islam , the relaxation of china : these are all things that historically and the same glorious are usually used as the key forces that shape our fate .
the globalised markets , free trade , militant islam , militant islam , china &apos;s profile : all of these are things that are historical and dietary normally used as the key forces that are building our fate .

jako důsledek přebytku na běžném účtu a 3-4 % rozdílu v úrokové míře valutové rezervy dosáhly na konci roku 2002 částky 70,3 miliard usd - částky dostačující na pokrytí téměř patnácti měsíců dovozu - oproti pouhým čtyřem miliardám usd v roce 1990 .
as a result of a current-account surplus and an interest-rate differential of 3-4 % , foreign reserves reached $ 70.3 billion by the end of 2002--enough to cover almost 15 months of imports--up from only us $ 4 billion in 1990 .
as a result of the surpluses on the normal account and 3-4 % difference in the interest rate of valence , at the end of 2002 , eur 70.3 billion has reached usd 73 billion - an amount that is sufficient to cover almost 15 months of imports - compared to just usd four billion in 1990 .
as a result of a surplus surplus of the ordinary accounts and 3-4 % differences in interest rates have reached eur 70.3 billion at the end of 2002 - the sums sufficient to cover almost 15 months of imports - compared to just usd 40 billion in 1990 .

když se pak v roce 1989 komunistické režimy zhroutily , komunistické strany v polsku i maďarsku se přetransformovaly do důvěryhodných demokraticko-levicových stran , jež se staly obávaným a rovným protivníkem nově se rodících pravicových stran .
when the communist regimes collapsed in 1989 , the communist parties of poland and hungary transformed themselves into credible democratic-left parties that became formidable opponents of the newly emerging political right .
in 1989 , communist regimes collapsed , communist parties in poland and hungary were transformed into credible democratic and democratic left-wing parties , which were obstructed and equal to the newly born right-wing parties .
then , in 1989 , the communist regimes have collapsed , the communist parties in poland and hungary transformed into a credible democratically left-wing parties , which have become a worthwhile and equal actor with the newly born right-wing parties .

jelikož byla británie jedním z nejzatvrzelejších stoupenců rozšíření eu o kandidátské země ze střední a východní evropy , člověk by očekával , že se blairův kabinet bude při vedení rozpočtových jednání chovat k nováčkům s odpovídající velkorysostí .
since britain had been one of the most insistent advocates of enlargement of the eu to the candidates from central and eastern europe , one might have expected that the blair government would have wished to be correspondingly generous to the new-comers in the conduct of the budgetary negotiations .
as britain was one of the most arrested supporters of the enlargement of the eu to the candidate country from central and eastern europe , one would expect the good of the irish people to be treated in cabotage in the management of budgetary negotiations to behave with corresponding generosity .
since britain was one of the most arrested supporters of the enlargement of the eu to candidate countries from central and eastern europe , one would expect the welfare of the kirin to be in the leadership of the budget negotiations to belongs with adequate generosity .

na omylech bohatých zemí by nezáleželo , kdyby měly africké státy dost peněz na to , aby mohly potřebné technologie zavádět samy , avšak afrika je tak chudá , že je odkázána na finanční pomoc , pokud chce vybřednout z chudoby .
the rich countries &apos; mistakes wouldn &apos;t matter if african countries had enough money to adopt the needed technologies on their own , but africa is so poor that it must get financial help to escape poverty .
if african states had enough money to implement the technology themselves , but africa is so poor that it is dependent on financial aid if they want to escape poverty .
if african states had enough money to implement technologies themselves , but africa is so poor to show that it is committed to financial assistance if it wants to escape poverty .

vždyť kdyby politici nemohli vyhrávat volby tím , že budou brát peníze jiným , včetně budoucích generací , jež budou muset část dluhu zaplatit a předat jej dál , museli by se mnohem usilovněji snažit , aby prokázali schopnost zajistit veřejné blaho pro všechny .
after all , if politicians could not win elections by taking money from some-including future generations , which will have to foot a portion of the bill-and giving it to others , they would have to work much harder to display some ability in producing public benefits for all .
if politicians could not hesitate to hold elections by taking money other , including future generations , which will have to pay part of the debt and transfer it further , they would have to do much more hard to show the ability to ensure public well-being for all .
if politicians have not always been able to take the elections by taking money to other , including future generations , which will have to pay a share of debt and hand it further , they would have to try much more hard to show that the ability to guarantee public welfare for all .

na počã ¡ tku obdobã <unk> , je<unk> <unk> v německu zã <unk> skalo přezdã <unk> vku â <unk> <unk> supervolebnã <unk> rok &quot; - proběhnou čtrnã ¡ ctery volby : jedny na evropskã <unk> , patery na zemskã <unk> a osmery na obecnã <unk> ãºrovni - , se jednã ¡ o krutě <unk> ¡ patnã <unk> zprã ¡ vy pro spd .
at the beginning of what has been dubbed a &quot; super election year &quot; in germany - with 14 elections , one at the european , five at the regional , and eight at the local levels - this is hideously bad news for the spd .
the amount of money on the number of pot posts , the passage of manoeuvre , the passion in germany , the impasse in the phrase of the pledge to give a brave way to the brakes of a serious imbalance in the super-oriented year &apos; - there will be a quorum of doctrine : the elections on europe , zapatero , patero sails , and , in any way , the mann-made mann-made man-made man-made man-made man-made man-made man-made man-made man-made - has been a serious , and it is to be a vigold .
the slogan , the phenomenon of a long time ago , the phenomenon of a woman in germany &apos;s act of a mandate has been strengthened by the validity of the validity of the validity of the validity of a superfluous duration of a superfledged broadband , &apos; a wind of the window of the doctriloted doctrine : the european elections for the european union , patero and the eightension of the eighteen , with a general act of belonging for a large part of a large part of the european union .

odraz prostřednictvím , , braggových rovin &quot; - vrstev atomů , jež dokáží ohýbat paprsky x pod konkrétními úhly , které závisí na odstupu mezi vrstvami - braggům umožnil vypočítat přesné uspořádání sodíkových a chloridových atomů v krystalu soli .
reflection by &quot; bragg planes &quot; --sheets of atoms that can diffract x-rays at specific angles that are determined by the separation between sheets--enabled the braggs to calculate the exact arrangement of sodium and chloride atoms in a crystal of salt .
the phrase , the phrase , the pigs , the pigs , the pigs , the pigs , the pigs , the pigs , the pigs , the boats - in the mistakes made by the box , which depend on the concrete concessions that depend on the escalation - allowed the expulsions to be taken away from the boxes and boats to boycott the boats and attolls in the atrocities that have allowed them to be bogged down to catch off the boat .
by means of the brain - the church - in the germanoeuvre , in the germanoeuvre - the gomes &apos; laughtered in the doorway of the bologna , which runs under the departure of the departure , which depends on the departments that have arisen in particular - have enabled the expulsion of expulsion and the expulsion of expulsions .

obyvatelé šanghaje se o cenách nemovitostí v londýně možná nebaví , ale šanghajští specialisté na tvorbu veřejného mínění vědí , co se v londýně děje , a tamní boom je vede k logickému závěru , že v šanghaji by měl boom nastat také .
people in shanghai may not talk about london home prices , but shanghai &apos;s opinion leaders know what is happening in london , and the boom there makes it seem plausible that there should be a boom in shanghai , too .
the people of england are perhaps not in london , but england &apos;s specialists know what is happening in london , in the city of london , and there is a pockets of the people of england with hectares about the price of property in london , but england is not aware of the specialists of the public authorities in london , who know what is happening in london , in london , and there is a messagre , and there is also a mist that the people of engineered england should also cause it in england , that it should also cause it in the angry of england , in the mashangry of england , and they should also cause it in the massacre .
the haitian population of england is perhaps not possible in london but the engineering specialists in london , and in london , there is a logical conclusion that it is being held in england in england , and it is perhaps not possible for engineering the engineering in london , but the engenders of england , but the engineering specialists in london , which is happening in london and london , it is also a logical conclusion that it is leading in england .

