vezměme si třeba otázku globálního oteplování .
take global warming .
let us take the question of global warming .
let us take the issue of global warming .

herbert hoover a pakt stability
herbert hoover and the stability pact
mr herbert hot and the stability pact
herbert herbert for the stability and stability pact

ani to však ještě nejsou poslední náklady .
but the costs don &apos;t stop there .
however , this is not yet the last cost .
however , this is not the last cost .

totéž platí za oceánem .
the same is true across the atlantic .
the same applies to oceans .
the same applies to the ocean .

takže žádná změna politiky .
so no change in policy .
so there is no change in policy .
so there is no change in politics .

takové instituce mohou prosazovat národní zájmy usa a také je často prosazují .
such institutions can and often do advance us national interests .
such institutions can promote the national interests of the us , and they are also often advocated .
such institutions can promote the national interests of the us and also often promote them .

zaprvé platí , že rozporuplnost není nectnost .
first , inconsistency is no vice .
firstly , it is true that contradiction is not an inertia .
firstly , it is true that the contradiction is not inviolability .

více než miliarda lidí po celém světě ho dnes nemá .
more than a billion people around the world today do not .
today , more than a billion people around the world do not have it .
more than a billion people around the world do not have it today .

v africe a některých částech asie jsou tato čísla ještě horší .
the figures are worse in africa and parts of asia .
these figures are even worse in africa and some parts of asia .
these figures are even worse in africa and some parts of asia .

demokraté ani republikáni nemají zájem zastavit hospodářskou činnost .
neither democrats nor republicans have an interest in choking off economic activity .
neither the democrats nor the republics are interested in stopping economic activity .
neither the democrats nor the republic of moldova have an interest in halting economic activity .

nejlepším způsobem , jak vnést mládí do výkonného umění , je vzdělání .
the best way to bring youth to the performing arts is through education .
education is the best way to bring young people into an efficient art .
the best way to bring youth into an executive change is education .

v mnoha zemích je však pro politické strany těžké o takových debatách i jen uvažovat .
in many countries , however , political parties find it difficult even to contemplate such debates .
in many countries , however , it is difficult for political parties to consider such debates .
in many countries , however , it is difficult for political parties to consider such debates , too .

proč tedy tento obrovský rozdíl pozorujeme jak v americe , tak v evropě ?
so why do we see this large difference in reality in both america and europe ?
why , therefore , are we seeing this huge difference both in america and in europe ?
so why do we see this huge difference both in america and in europe ?

s 80 miliony obyvateli by se turecko stalo jednou z největších členských zemí eu .
with 80 million people , turkey would be one of the largest eu states .
with 80 million inhabitants , turkey would become one of the biggest eu member states .
turkey would become one of the largest eu member states with 80 million inhabitants .

jednou z největších záhad světové ekonomiky je slabá výkonnost latinské ameriky .
one of the world economy &apos;s biggest puzzles is latin america &apos;s poor performance .
one of the biggest estimates of the world economy is the weak performance of latin america .
one of the biggest estimates of the world economy is the weakness of latin america .

ještě větší starosti způsobuje skutečnost , že euro stále stagnuje .
even more troubling is the fact that the euro remains in the doldrums .
there is even greater concern about the fact that the euro is still stagnating .
even more concern causes the fact that the euro is still staggering .

je možné , že bush tyto zprávy četl , ale přesahovaly hranice jeho chápání .
it &apos;s possible that bush read those reports , but that they were beyond his comprehension .
it is possible that bush has read these reports , but beyond its understanding .
it is possible that bush has read these reports , but they have gone beyond the borders of its understanding .

na rozdíl od ostatních dvou psychologických příčin má spekulativní nákaza přirozený konec .
in contrast to the other two psychological causes , speculative contagion has a natural end .
unlike the other two psychological causes , speculative tension is natural .
unlike the other two psychological causes , speculative ideas have a natural end .

nebudou-li důvody k této válce potvrzeny jako oprávněné , následky budou dalekosáhlé .
if the arguments for war are not proved , the consequences will be profound .
if the reasons for this war are not confirmed as justified , the consequences will be far-reaching .
if the reasons for this war are not confirmed as justified , the consequences will be far-reaching .

aby se rozvojové země posunuly kupředu , potřebují novou vodní infrastrukturu a lepší vodní hospodářství .
to move forward , developing countries need new water infrastructure and better management .
in order for developing countries to move forward , new water infrastructure and a better water economy are needed .
for developing countries to move forward , they need new water infrastructure and better water economy .

ukáží-li se jako oprávněné , pak by výsledkem války mohl být bezpečnější svět .
if they are vindicated , then the war could conceivably bring a safer world .
if they are treated as legitimate , then the result of the war could be a safer world .
if it is justified , then the result of the war could be a safer world .

v postmoderních demokraciích na celém světě se však někdy tato touha jeví jako zničující .
but sometimes this desire seems overwhelming in post-modern democracies everywhere .
however , in post-modern democracies around the world , this desire sometimes seems to be devastating .
however , in post-modern democracies around the world , this desire seems to be devastating .

nezávisle zosnovaná spiknutí využívala ad hoc prostředky , často uvnitř cílové země .
independently generated plots emerged and used ad hoc resources , often within the target country .
an independent spiralling spiral used ad hoc resources , often within the destination country .
an independent spiral has been used by ad hoc resources , often within the target country .

osn a další globální soustavy mají někdy ty nejlepší předpoklady k naplňování cílů zahraniční politiky usa .
the un and other global frameworks may sometimes be best placed to address us foreign policy goals .
the un and other global courts sometimes have the best prerequisites to meet the objectives of the us foreign policy .
the united nations and other global buildings sometimes have the best preconditions to meet the objectives of the us foreign policy .

zřejmě prvním ponaučením pro západní politiky je skutečnost , že virtuální podniky fungují na kultuře důvěry .
perhaps the first lesson for western policymakers is that virtual enterprises run on a culture of trust .
apparently the first lesson for western policy is the fact that virtual businesses operate on a culture of trust .
perhaps the first lesson for western policy is the fact that virtual businesses are working on a culture of confidence .

evropská komise předložila svůj návrh v roce 2005 <unk> právě když byla k hlasování předkládána ústava .
the european commission submitted a proposal in 2005 -- just as the constitution was being put up for a vote .
in 2005 , the european commission presented its proposal in 2005 , just when the vote was put to the constitution .
the european commission tabled its proposal in 2005 precisely when it was submitted to the vote on the constitution .

bohaté průmyslové země včas a vydatně investovaly do vodní infrastruktury , institucí a vodohospodářských kapacit .
rich industrial countries have invested early and heavily in water infrastructure , institutions , and management capacities .
in time , rich industrial countries have invested in water infrastructure , institutions and water capacities .
the rich industrialised countries have invested in water infrastructure , institutions and water capacity .

to se týká zejména <unk> velké trojky <unk> <unk> francie , německa a itálie <unk> , která vytváří 70 % evropského hdp .
this is mostly due to the big three -- france , germany , and italy -- which produce 70 % of europe &apos;s gdp .
this applies , in particular , to the large triangle of major trivial trials by france , germany and italy , which generates 70 % of european gdp .
this applies , in particular , to the large tremendous troika of france , germany and italy , which creates 70 % of european gdp .

tato touha po prozřetelných mužích či ženách v globální éře je výslednicí nejméně tří faktorů .
this yearning for providential men or women in our global age results from at least three factors .
this desire for provisional men or women in a global era is the result of at least three factors .
this desire for prominent men or women in the global era is the results of at least three factors .

taková strategie by znamenala výrazně zvýšit výdaje na výzkum a vývoj , jak to učinily asijské rozvojové země .
such a policy would entail committing to a major increase in spending on research and development , as asian developing countries have done .
such a strategy would significantly increase expenditure on research and development , as the asian developing countries have done .
such a strategy would mean significantly increasing research and development expenditure , as the asian developing countries have done .

především by francouzsko-německý <unk> motor &quot; evropy neměl být vnímán jako potenciální soupeř usa .
in particular , the franco-german &quot; engine &quot; of europe should not be seen as a potential rival to the us .
in particular , the franco-german &apos; european engine &apos; should not be seen as a potential us peter .
first of all , the french german crackdown &apos; europe &apos; should not be seen as a potential us peter .

partnerství usnadňuje řešení problémů , které se vymykají ryze národním reakcím a jejichž tíži neseme společně .
partnership facilitates solutions to problems that defy purely national responses and means that burdens are shared .
the partnership facilitates solutions to the problems that arise from national reactors and which we do not share together .
the partnership facilitates solutions to problems that are burned out of national reactors and whose congestion we do not together .

pro systém oficiálního ateismu a legalizované prolhanosti byla církev živoucím obviněním .
for the system of official atheism and legalized mendacity , the church was a living rebuke .
for the system of official ateism and legalised internships , churches have been felt in livelihoods .
the official theatre system and the legalised proclamation was church in livelihoods .

i jim musí být umožněno pocítit pouta <unk> jednoty plynoucí z citů a náklonností <unk> .
they , too , must be allowed to feel those ties of &quot; unity resulting from feelings and sympathy . &quot;
they must also be allowed to feel inclined and units arising from sensitivities and clones .
they must also be allowed to feel embraced by the units of units from sensitivity and cloning .

naděje na oživení cestovní mapy je sice motivována nejlepšími úmysly , ale naprosto se neslučuje s realitou .
while motivated by the best of intentions , the hope of reviving the road map is out of touch with reality .
although hope for the recovery of road maps is motivated by the best intentions , it is completely incompatible with reality .
although the best intentions are motivated , they are completely incompatible with the reality .

zázrak produktivity usa a nástup prodeje ve stylu wal-martu jsou prakticky synonyma .
the us productivity miracle and the emergence of wal-mart-style retailing are virtually synonymous .
the miracle of the us productivity and the rise in sales in the style of wal-marty are virtually synonymous .
the miracle on the productivity of the us and the sale of the sale of wallis is practically synonym .

v bejrútu se napříč komunitami zformovala široká opoziční fronta , která požaduje syrské stažení .
indeed , a broad multi-communal opposition front has formed in beirut to demand syria &apos;s departure .
there has been a broad opposition front across the community , which calls for syrian centuries .
in beijing , there was a broad opposition front across the community , which calls for syrian withdrawal .

jiné země zase mohou potřebovat hlubší vodní nádrže , větší počet moderních filtračních stanic nebo zdokonalené plány vodní dopravy .
still others might need deeper reservoirs , more modern filtration plants , or improved water transport schemes .
other countries may , in turn , need deepening water , more modern filtering stations or improved water transport plans .
other countries may , once again , need deeper waterways , a greater number of modern philosophy stations or improved waterways .

má-li být záliba ve vážné hudbě dotována , pak by před nízkými cenami měly dostat přednost některé adresnější dotace .
if a taste for classical music is to be subsidized , some more targeted subsidies should be preferred to cheap prices .
if the livelihoods are to be subsidised in serious music , then some more subsidised subsidies should take precedence over low prices .
if it is to be affected in a serious humiliation , then some more subsidies should be preferred before low prices .

média naopak <unk> přeháněčům <unk> věnují až marnotratnou pozornost a jejich střízlivější kolegy opomíjejí .
indeed , the media shower lavish attention on over-claimers while neglecting their humbler colleagues .
on the contrary , the media , and on the contrary , they are paying heated attention to the people of marnotwithstanding their more shocking colleagues .
on the contrary , the media and , on the contrary , the reluctance of the members of the res are paying up to marnobel attention and to their shameful colleagues .

z bývalých socialistických ekonomik východní evropy a sovětského svazu se jen pár vrátilo na úroveň produkce z doby před rokem 1990 .
among the former socialist economies of eastern europe and the soviet union , few have caught up with real output levels that prevailed before 1990 .
the former socialist economies of eastern europe and the soviet union have just come back to the level of production since 1990 .
the former socialist economies of eastern europe and the soviet union have only returned to the level of production from 1990 before 1990 .

panuje například názor , že strukturální reformy v evropě je nemožné zavést , dokud se neobjeví nějaké nové vtělení margaret thatcherové .
for example , structural reforms in europe are thought impossible to enact unless imposed by some reincarnation of margaret thatcher .
for example , there is a view that structural reforms in europe cannot be implemented until any new margaret thatcher is discovered .
for example , there is a view that structural reforms in europe are impossible to introduce until a new body margaret thatchet has emerged .

premiér vojislav koštunica , tento apoštol srbského nacionalismu , se všemi způsoby snaží podkopat kosovskou prozatímní vládu .
indeed , prime minister vojislav kostunica , the apostle of serbian nationalism , has been trying in every way to undermine kosovo &apos;s interim government .
prime minister bilingua , apologies serbian nationalism , is trying to undermine the kosovo interim government in all ways .
the prime minister of troops in the islamist , this amazing of serbian nationalism , is trying to undermine the kosovo interim government in all ways .

orbán prohlašoval , že zrušení benešových dekretů se musí stát podmínkou vstupu české ( i slovenské ) republiky do evropské unie .
orban argued that revoking the &quot; benes decrees &quot; must be made a condition for the czech republic ( as well as slovakia ) joining the european union .
orbán has stated that the abolition of the beneath the entry of the czech republic ( and the slovak ) to the european union must become a condition .
orbán has said that the abolition of the shores must become a condition for the accession of the czech republic ( i and slovakia ) to the european union .

někteří lidé v papežovi spatřují člověka zodpovědného za náboženskou obrodu , jiní v něm vidí muže oddaného míru .
some see in the pope the person responsible for a religious revival ; others see a man of peace .
some people in pope see a man responsible for religious family , others see a man who sees peace .
some people in papeer see a man responsible for a religious family , others see a man of a committed peace .

já osobně sázím , že některá ambiciózní pozlátková města budou i nadále zažívat klesající růst cen domů - a nakonec i jejich pokles .
i am betting that some high-flying glamour cities will continue to see decelerating growth in home prices - and eventually decreases .
personally , i am reminding you that some ambitious inventories will continue to experience the falling prices of home - and ultimately their decline .
i am personally at stake that some ambitious inventory towns will continue to experience the falling rise in prices of home - and , in the end , their decline .

proč ale francouzská ekonomika roste rychleji , když - parafrázujeme-li výrok velkého mao ce-tunga - svítí ve francii stejný měsíc jako v německu ?
why is france growing faster when , to paraphrase mao , the french moon is also the german moon ?
why , however , is the french economy growing more quickly when , if we paralyse a year of great mao tunisia - wines in france in the same month as in germany ?
why , however , is the french economy growing faster when - paraphrase a year of great mao - the winner in france as a month in germany ?

toto dluhové břemeno by i bez cunami bylo ohromnou brzdou rozvoje , až se země konečně zotaví z důsledků finanční krize z roku 1997 .
even without the tsunami , this debt burden would have been an enormous hindrance to the country &apos;s development as it finally recovers from the aftermath of the 1997 financial crisis .
this debt burden would also be impressed without a custom of development , when the country is finally recover from the consequences of the financial crisis of 1997 .
this debt burden would also be at risk of development without cutbacks , when the country finally recover from the consequences of the 1997 financial crisis .

vzhledem ke své strnulosti , rozsáhlému systému sociální péče a přeregulovanému trhu práce nedokázala země na tyto šoky reagovat a dostala se do potíží .
rigid as it was , with an extensive welfare system and an over-regulated labor market , germany was unable to react to these shocks and ran into trouble .
given its rigidity , the extensive social care system and the overregulation of the labour market , the country has failed to respond to these shocks and has come into difficulties .
in view of its rigour , a large social care system and the reregulated labour market , the country has failed to respond to these shocks and has been in difficulties .

usa si přejí udržet kontrolu nad okupací , ale zároveň chtějí , aby kulky , které nyní kosí americké vojáky , zasahovaly někoho jiného .
the us wants to retain control of the occupation , but it wants others to receive the bullets now mowing down american soldiers .
the us wants to maintain control over the occupation , but at the same time they want the tuberculosis that is now crossing us soldiers to interfere with someone else .
the us wants to maintain control over the occupation , but at the same time they want the cultivation that the american soldiers are interfering with someone else .

český premiér miloš zeman obratem předvedl , že i on si umí zahrát na demagogického nacionalistu .
czech prime minister milos zeman quickly demonstrated that he , too , could play a demagogic nationalist card .
the czech prime minister , milohan milohan , has said that he has also died in demagogic nationalists .
the czech prime minister , mr milolo milocker , led to the fact that he , too , runs on demagogic nationalists .

banka se zaměřuje na zastupování zájmů zemí , které od ní získaly půjčky , a pomáhá jim nacházet aktiva pro obchodování s uhlíkem v souladu s jejich vlastními prioritami .
the bank is focused on representing the interests of its borrowing countries , helping them to develop assets for carbon trading according to their own priorities .
the bank is focusing on representing the interests of the countries that have received loans and helps them to come up with assets for carbon trading in accordance with their own priorities .
the bank focuses on the representation of the interests of countries that have received loans and helps them to become active for carbon trading in accordance with their own priorities .

pakt už sráží německo do recese , zatímco italská vláda má plné ruce práce , aby dostatečně rychle pozměnila své odhady růstu a udržela krok s klesajícím výstupem .
the pact is already knocking germany into recession , and italy &apos;s government is struggling to revise its growth forecasts fast enough to keep up with falling output .
the pact has already swept germany into recession , while the italian government has full hands of its work to quickly amend its growth estimates and to keep a step with a decreasing outcome .
the pact is already lagging germany into recession , while the italian government has full work to amend its growth estimates quickly and to keep a step with the decree .

ve světě , kde jsou <unk> řečeno s yeatsem <unk> <unk> ti nejhorší plní vášnivé horlivosti a ti nejlepší postrádají veškeré přesvědčení <unk> , to však za pokus stojí .
but in a world where , as yeats said , &quot; and the best lack all conviction , while the worst are full of passionate intensity , &quot; it is worth trying .
in a world where , in a world where they are , in other words , a serious assault of the most impassioned and the best is lacking in any conviction , but this is behind a serious attempt .
in the world in which they are registered with atrocities , these are the worst accomplishment of horrific horrors and those who do not have any conviction , but that is the case for an attempt .

obě kladou na latinskoamerické společnosti nároky , aby více investovaly do svých obyvatel , a latinoameričané se tak mohli připojit ke špičce globální produktivity .
both call upon latin american societies to invest more in their people , so that latin americans can join the cutting edge of global productivity .
the two exemplifies of latin american society to invest more in their inhabitants , and latin america could join the top of global productivity .
both of them on latin american companies are demanding that they invest more in their people , and latin america could thus join the top of global productivity .

paradoxem zůstává , že byl kandidován na guvernéra ecb právě skupinou zemí se zdravými měnami ; -rozdílný hospodářský výkon usa a evropy .
the paradox here is that he was the sound money crowd &apos;s candidate to head the ecb . - a different performances between the us and europe .
the paradoxical paradox remains that the candidate was on the governor of the ecb just a group of countries with healthy currencies ; the diverse economic performance of the us and europe .
the paradoxical paradoxical paradoxical remains that a candidate was placed on the governor of the ecb , just a group of countries with healthy currency ; a -different economic performance of the us and europe .

jistě , mohl bych v čečensku trávit celý svůj čas , ale rusko má 89 oblastí s bezpočtem problémů s lidskými právy , které je potřeba řešit .
indeed , i could spend all my time in chechnya , but russia has 89 regions with countless human rights issues to address .
certainly , i could spend all my time in chechnya , but russia has 89 areas with countless human rights problems that need to be addressed .
certainly , i could , in chechnya , spend my time in chechnya , but russia has 89 areas with a smooth number of human rights problems that need to be dealt with .

demokracie přijaly strategii elé belé : nechme lidi domnívat se , že jejich mínění má nějakou váhu , že se podílejí na rozhodování svého národa , ale držme je mimo skutečnou hru .
they have embraced the elé belé strategy : let people believe that their opinion counts , that they are participating in their nation &apos;s decision making , while keeping them out of the real game .
democracy has adopted a elder strategy : let people think they have some weight that they are involved in deciding their nation , but let us keep them outside the real game .
democracy has adopted a strategy of elmar : let people believe that their opinion has some weight that they are involved in deciding their nation , but let us keep them outside the real game .

kromě dnesních oficiálně měřených deficitů navíc existují dalsí závazky vyplývající z demografických změn ( klesající porodnost ) a z vyhlídky na nutnost obrovských sociálních plateb v budoucnu .
but in addition to today &apos;s officially measured government deficits , there are also other looming obligations caused by a demographic change ( declining birth rates ) and the prospect of huge social-welfare payments in the future .
moreover , in addition to intolerable deficit deficits , there are dalli commitments resulting from demographic changes ( falling birth rate ) and from the prospect of the need for huge social payments in the future .
moreover , in addition to the intolerable deficit deficits , there are dalai obligations resulting from demographic changes ( falling birth rates ) and prospects for the need for huge social payments in the future .

vědci pronikající na názorové stránky novin nebo do televize a rádia musí mít za sebou hodnověrnou minulost , jinak by byli odseparováni .
pundits who make it into newspaper opinion pages or onto television and radio must have good track records ; otherwise , they would have been weeded out .
scientists who are nowhere on the side of newspapers or on television and radio , must have a newspaper for the hour of the past , otherwise they would be pathetic .
scientists who are proving on the points of newspapers or in television and radio and have to have a new past for them , otherwise they would be trained .

výsledkem je kromě zdravotního přínosu pro všechny také prokazatelná bilance hospodářského růstu ; stačí se podívat na investice do vodní energie , aby člověk viděl pozitivní dopad vodohospodářských projektů na řadu ekonomik .
the result , beyond the health benefits for all , has been a proven record of economic growth ; one only has to look at investment in hydropower to see the positive impact of water management projects on many economies .
as a result , in addition to health benefits , it is also true to the profound balance of economic growth ; it is enough to look at the investment in water energy in order to see the positive impact of water on a number of economies .
in addition to health benefits , the balance of economic growth is also provisional ; it is only enough to look at investment in water to see a positive impact on water projects on a number of economies .

korejští voliči - zjevně hluší k hrozbě , kterou severokorejské jaderné zbraně představují - prozatím roovu politiku udržování dialogu a hospodářské výměny se severem podporují .
for now , korean voters--apparently impervious to the threat that north korea &apos;s nuclear weapons poses--support roh &apos;s policy of maintaining dialogue and economic exchange with the north .
the korean electorate - obviously noise on the threat posed by north korean nuclear weapons - is still a policy of maintaining dialogue and economic exchange with the north .
the korean electorate - apparently noise the threat that north korean nuclear weapons represent - is , for the time being , a policy of maintaining dialogue and economic exchanges with the north .

itálie se zase musí rozhodnout , zda nahradí premiéra silvia berlusconiho , který neprojevil žádný zájem o reformy ani o evropské záležitosti , opatrným romanem prodim , bývalým předsedou evropské komise .
meanwhile , italy must decide whether it replaces prime minister silvio berlusconi , who displayed no interest in reform and european affairs , with the cautious romano prodi , the former european commission president .
italy must , once again , decide whether to replace prime minister silvio berlusconi , who has not shown any interest in reforms or european affairs , cautious romanians , former president of the european commission .
italy must decide , once again , whether it will replace prime minister silvio berlusconi , who has not shown any interest in reform or in european affairs , a cautious romano , the former president of the european commission .

je lepší zvýšení o 50 bazických bodů teď <unk> což umožní hospodářskému zotavování pokračovat a zároveň udrží inflaci na uzdě <unk> , než toto číslo o něco později násobit třemi nebo čtyřmi .
better a 50-basis-point increase now -- thereby allowing the economic recovery to continue by keeping inflation in check -- than triple or quadruple that figure down the road .
there is a better increase in 50 punitive points now that economic recovery will enable economic recovery to continue and , at the same time , maintain inflation on the wall before this figure is a little later than three or four .
it is better to increase 50 bahrain points now , which will allow economic recovery to continue and , at the same time , to keep inflation on the wall , rather than this figure three or four later .

euro , rovněž po určité době , zaujme důležité ekonomické postavení a přinese evropě prospěch , která pak bude mnohem více integrovaná , bude mít lepší finanční trhy a bude vykazovat nižší náklady na transakce přeshraničního podnikání .
the euro will , also in time , deploy important economic benefits making europe more integrated with better financial markets and lower transactions costs for cross-border business .
the euro , also after some time , let us take an important economic position and bring benefits to europe , which will then be much more integrated , will have better financial markets , and will show lower costs for cross-border business transactions .
the euro , as well as after some time , let us take an important economic position and will benefit europe , which will then be much more integrated , will have better financial markets and reduce the lower cost of cross-border business transactions .

tato teorie se odvolává na hypotézu britského historika arnolda toynbeeho , podle něhož se impéria hroutí , protože nejsou s to reagovat na vnější výzvy .
this theory recalls that of the british historian arnold toynbee , according to which empires collapse because they are unable to react to external challenges .
this theory refers to the hypothesis of the british history of arnolda toynbee , according to which a empire and threatening , because it is not in response to external challenges .
this theory refers to the mortgage of the british history of arnolda toynbee , according to which a series of disasters are being fed , because they are not responding to external challenges .

na veřejnosti se všichni členové kontaktní skupiny snaží ponechat otázku konečného statusu kosova otevřenou , ale neoficiálně již usa a někteří další spojenci oznámili oběma stranám , že letos navrhnou nezávislost .
in public , all contact group members have tried to leave the question of kosovo &apos;s final status open , but informally the us and some of its allies have told the two parties that they will propose independence this year .
all members of the contact group are trying to leave the question of kosovo &apos;s final status , but the us is no longer alone , and some other allies have announced both parties that this year &apos;s independence will be proposed .
all members of the contact groups are trying to leave the issue of the final status of kosovo open , but no longer at the united states , and some other allies have announced both sides that this year the proposed independence is proposed .

to bylo velké poučení 70. a počátku 80. let , kdy bezuzdná inflace přiměla politiky vzdát se této své moci ve prospěch nezávislých centrálních bank , což zřejmě samo o sobě trhy přesvědčilo , že stabilita cen bude obnovena .
this was the great lesson of the 1970 &apos;s and early 1980 &apos;s , when rampant inflation forced politicians to surrender this power to independent central banks , which alone could convince markets that price stability would be restored .
this was a great lesson from the 1970s and the beginning of the 1980s , when unrestrained inflation policies were supposed to give up their power in favour of independent central banks , which seems to have persuaded the markets themselves that price stability would be restored .
this was a great lesson of the 1970s and the beginning of the 1980s , when unretail inflation has had to give up this policy to its power in favour of independent central banks , which seems to have convinced , in itself , that price stability will be restored .

britům nějakou dobu trvalo , než pochopili , že jelikož je prezident jacques chirac odepsaný politik , který sice do roku 2007 setrvá v úřadu , ale nikoliv u moci , nemá mandát na jakoukoliv podobnou dohodu přistoupit .
it took some time before the british came to understand that since president jacques chirac is a beleaguered lame-duck president , who will remain in office but not in power until 2007 , he is in no position to agree to any such bargain .
for some time , british people have taken some time to understand that since president jacques chirac is a written politician , which , by 2007 , sees office , but not power , has no mandate to accede to any similar agreement .
for some time , the british has taken some time to understand that , since the president , jacques chirac , has signed written policies , which , by 2007 , insists in office , but not in power , has no mandate for any similar agreement .

pojem , , mezinárodní vztahy &quot; předpokládá vestfálskou soustavu povinností mezi suverénními národními státy , která nahradila středověkou soustavu komunit zakládajících se na osobní poslušnosti vůči králi .
the term &quot; international relations &quot; assumes the westphalian order of commitments among sovereign nation states , which replaced the medieval order of communities defined by personal fealty to a king .
the concept , international relations &apos; assumes a vestan state of obligation between sovereign national states , which replaced the centre of the state of communiqué with the founding famine on personal lung .
the concept , the concept , international relations &apos; presupposes a veto &apos;s dual state of duty between the sovereign nation states , which replaced the centre of the communiquity of the communiquo communicated on personal obesity against the beautiful .

zde je tedy skromný návrh , který se týká všech demokracií : tržiště myšlenek funguje lépe , pokud občané lépe vidí kompromis mezi přesností a zábavností nebo mezi přesností a stranickou loajalitou .
here , then , is a modest proposal that applies to all democracies : the marketplace of ideas works better if it is easier for citizens to see the trade-offs between accuracy and entertainment , or between accuracy and party loyalty .
so there is a modest proposal , which relates to all democracies : the duration of ideas works better if citizens see a better compromise between accuracy and confiscation , or between accurability and impartiality .
therefore , there is a modest proposal that concerns all democracies : the wind of ideas works better , if citizens see a better compromise between the accuracy and backs , or between the accuracy and partiality and the impartiality of acian .

pouze po úpravě mezd směrem dolů tak , aby se přizpůsobily novému mezinárodnímu prostředí , se mohou němečtí zaměstnanci stát znovu konkurenceschopnými , země se navrátit k vyšší zaměstnanosti a využívat svůj lidský kapitál na maximální kapacitu .
only if wages adjust downward to accommodate the new international environment can german workers become competitive again , so that the country returns to a higher employment level , exploiting its human capital up to the capacity constraint .
in order to adapt the new international environment , german employees can become once again competitive , countries will return to higher employment and use their human capital to maximum capacity .
in order to adapt to the gap so as to adapt to the new international environment , the german employees can become again competitive , countries can return to higher employment and use their human capital to maximum capacity .

argentinská krize z konce roku 2001 se nápadně podobala krizi argentinské banky baring brothers z roku 1890 - až na to , že se tehdy zdálo , že politici a mezinárodní bankéři měli lepší představu o tom , jak minimalizovat škody , než mají dnes .
argentina &apos;s crisis at the end of 2001 looked remarkably like argentina &apos;s baring brothers crisis of 1890 -- save that politicians and international bankers seem to have had a much better idea of what to do to minimize the damage in 1890 than they do today .
the argentina crisis of the end of 2001 seized the crisis of the argentina bank in brown from 1890 - until then it seemed that politicians and international bankers had a better idea of how to minimise damage than they have today .
the argentina crisis from the end of 2001 has been similar to the crisis of the argentina bank of barbrok from 1890 - only when it seemed that politicians and international bankers had a better idea of minimising damage than they have today .

mimo jiné prohlásil , že nebude spojeným státům podlézat nebo jezdit do washingtonu proto , aby se tam dal vyfotit . přislíbil rovněž , že bude pokračovat v kim te džungově &quot; sluneční politice &quot; sbližování se severní koreou .
for example , he said that he would not kow-tow to the us or visit washington just for the sake of a photo opportunity he also promised to continue president kim dae jung &apos;s &quot; sunshine policy &quot; of engagement with the north .
he said , among other things , that he would not be subject to or go to washington to washington , so that he would take a fool there , and he also promised that you would continue to move on to the jungle &apos; sun &apos; policy of convergence with north korea .
he said , among other things , that it will not be subject to the united states or to go to washington , so that he would be written there , and he also promised that you will continue to go on with the &apos; irregular &apos; policy &apos; to scrap north korea .

v mnoha částech evropy se však na vstup turecka do eu pohlíží se skepticismem vzhledem k jeho velikosti , relativně slabému hospodářství , obavám z masového přistěhovalectví a především kulturním a společenským rozdílům - což je eufemismus pro islám .
in many parts of europe , however , turkey &apos;s admission to the eu is viewed with <<unk>> ticism owing to its size , relatively poor economy , fears of massive immigration , and , above all , cultural and societal differences - a euphemism for islam .
however , in many parts of europe , turkey &apos;s accession to the eu is viewed with scepticism due to its size , a relatively weak economy , a concern from mass immigration and , above all , cultural and social differences - which is eufm for islam .
however , in many parts of europe , turkey &apos;s entry into the eu is looking at scepticism , given its size , a relatively weak economy , concern for mass immigration and , above all , cultural and social differences - which is euftm for islam for islam .

tlak totality sice zajisté zformoval výjimečné lidi , jako jsou jan pavel ii. nebo alexandr solženicyn , tedy lidi , pro něž náboženská víra znamenala svobodu před prolhaností a osamělostí .
totalitarian pressure did , indeed , form exceptional people such as john paul ii and alexander solzhenitsyn , people for whom religious faith bought freedom from mendacity and solitude .
although the pressure of totalitarianism certainly forcibly forged exceptional people , such as jan paikov or alexander andrean cynical , the people for religious faith , for whom religious faith was a sign of freedom from disgraceful and square .
however , the pressure of totalitarian totalitarianism has certainly ensured exceptional people , such as jan pagay , or alexander mujapanese , the people for whom religious faith has meant freedom to be handed out of disgrace and sentiment .

účastnili jsme se všech hlavních událostí v evropské hudbě , literatuře a filmu ( vzpomeňme filmů andrzeje wajdy z dob solidarity , například snímku danton , jež byly francouzskými koprodukcemi ) .
we participated in all the major developments in european music , literature , and film ( think of andrzej wajda &apos;s films from the solidarity era , such as &quot; danton , &quot; which were french co-productions ) .
we took part in all the major events in european music , literature and film ( we remember the films of wales from solidarity , such as the reduction in the tax danton , which was french production ) .
we have taken part in all the major events in the european music , lithuanian and film ( remember the films of andrzewa from solidarity , such as the mdg , which was french coins ) .

bylo pamatováno na bezpočet drobností : thajsko do postižené části země letecky přepravilo velvyslance , aby napomohlo péči o potřeby cizích státních příslušníků , těm , kdo přišli o peníze a pasy , pomohlo s návratem domů , poskytlo zdravotní péči raněným , zavedlo metody identifikace těl a vypořádalo se s potížemi plynoucími z nedostatku pytlů na těla a chladicích zařízení .
myriad details were addressed : thailand flew ambassadors to the affected part of the country to help attend to the needs of their citizens , helped those who lost their money and passports return home , provided health care for the injured , set up systems to identify bodies , and dealt with the difficulties posed by shortages of body bags and the lack of cold storage facilities .
it was remembered by the number of small-scale small : thailand in the part of the countries affected were transported by an ambassador to help the needs of foreign nationals who lost money and passport , with the return of their home , healthcare , has resulted in the identification methods and the difficulties of depositors and the difficulties caused by devices and the difficulty in depositary facilities .
the number of small : thailand has been remembered in part of the country &apos;s ambassadors , in order to help care for the needs of foreign nationals , those who have lost their money and passports , have been able to provide a restraint to the restraint of health care , to the magic , to discover the problems of diesel and diminishing equipment .

schrã <unk> der představuje umã <unk> rněně levicovou politickou platformu a program , srovnatelnã <unk> s novolabouristickou filozofiã <unk> britskã <unk> ho premiã <unk> ra tonyho blaira či centrismem někdej<unk> ¡ ã <unk> ho americkã <unk> ho prezidenta billa clintona .
schröder has been representing a moderately left political platform and agenda , one comparable to british prime minister tony blair &apos;s new labour philosophy or former us president bill clinton &apos;s centrism .
in writing . - ( pt ) the rapporteur , mr schröder , is a serious solution to the punitive political platform and a splendid labour philosophy , the british labour philosophical ager , and the british labour philosophy of the manoeuvre , the rapporteur , mr saturtchen , is a serious and passage of a massacre of a massacre and a massacre of a massacre .
the governor of the sentiment of schror schror is a subsidised act of the left-wing political platform and the comparable labour agenda , the comparable labour spare philosophy of the british labour philosophy , the comparable labour philosophy of the british philosophy or , of a scrapppppppppppas , of a frd &apos;éri , who was a substitute of a large part of a substitute , and a subscripted political form of the ley agenda for the ley of the leancited , and a , and a division of a division of a division of a division of a division of a division of a division of a division of a comparable political agenda , and a division of the division of the division of a division of a division of a division of a division of a division of

ekonomové na celém světě se obávají deflace - od stephena roache z banky morgan stanley , přes paula krugmana z princetonské univerzity , guvernéry amerického fedu a vysokých úředníků evropské centrální banky , až po téměř všechny ekonomy v japonsku .
from stephen roach at morgan stanley to paul krugman at princeton , to the governors of the us federal reserve and the senior staff at the european central bank , to almost everyone in japan , economists all over the world are worrying about deflation .
the economists around the world are feeding - from the motorways of the bank of moley , despite the assassination and prince of cetongue , governor of economists around the world , the economists around the world are feeding - from the church of the town of motorways of the ley of the bank , paul and printman of jintton , gifabriguini , governor of the university of the european central bank and the world , almost all the azores of the azores , the world &apos;s universities and the azores of azores of the world , as a european central bank , almost all the achens to the azores of the azores of the azores of the azores of the azores , after the azores of the azores of the azores of chens
in the world , the economists are taking place - from the rosteroche bank from the cherchernobyl bank , via the grid and the river river river , the federal group of the united kingdom and the european central bank , almost all of the european central ministers , and almost all the european central bank , and almost all the central bank , of the central bank , and almost all the european central bank .

