ja ?
right ?
yes ?
yes ?

einzigartig .
unique .
unique .
unique .

vielen dank .
thank you so much .
thank you .
thank you .

nämlich das singen .
which is singing .
that is what sing it .
that &apos;s the sing .

das ist falsch .
that &apos;s wrong .
that &apos;s wrong .
that &apos;s wrong .

oh mein gott .
oh , my god .
oh my god .
oh my god .

das alles interessiert mich .
all that interests me .
that &apos;s all i &apos;m interested in .
that &apos;s all interested in me .

diese leute verdienen geld .
these guys make money .
these people make money .
these people deserve money .

aber wissen sie was ?
but you know what ?
but you know what ?
but do you know what ?

passiert nicht sehr oft .
doesn &apos;t happen very much .
not very often .
not very often happens .

hier ist ein beispiel .
let me give you an example .
here &apos;s an example .
here &apos;s an example .

zum glück nicht , ja ?
thankfully , right ?
luckily , right ?
luckily , right ?

habt ihr diese jungs gesehen ?
have you seen these guys ?
have you seen these guys ?
did you see these guys ?

einige sind gekommen und gegangen .
some have come and gone .
some have come and gone .
some of them came and went .

wir haben drei hauptgruppen .
we have three main groups .
we have three main groups .
we have three main groups .

das muss man auch verstehen .
that &apos;s something we have to understand .
you also need to understand that .
you also have to understand that .

der orangene traktor .
the orange tractor .
the orange tractor .
the orange trajectory .

ich danke ihnen für ihre aufmerksamkeit .
thank you for your attention .
thank you for your attention .
thank you for your attention .

dies passierte um weihnachten .
this happened around christmas .
this happened around christmas .
this happened to christmas .

die antwort ist &quot; nein . &quot;
the answer is &quot; no . &quot;
the answer is no .
the answer is no .

nein war nie eine möglichkeit gewesen .
no had never been an option .
no , no one had ever been .
no , never was an opportunity .

sie erschaffen eine epische geschichte .
they are building an epic story .
they create a epic story .
they create an episode story .

eigentlich sammelte er fische .
he was actually collecting fish .
in fact , he gathered fish .
in fact , he collected fish .

wir sind in ein gebiet gefahren .
we went and looked at a site .
we &apos;re in an area .
we &apos;re in a field .

weiter als das gehen wir nicht .
it &apos;s about as far as we go out .
further than that we don &apos;t .
we &apos;re not going to go ahead .

vielen dank für ihre geduld .
thanks for you patience .
thank you for your patience .
thank you very much for your patience .

und es gibt mehrere gründe für dies .
and there are several reasons for this .
and there are several reasons for this .
and there are several reasons for this .

waren sie schon einmal neidisch ?
were you ever envious ?
have you ever been aggregated ?
have you ever been disabled ?

wissen sie , was neid ist ?
do you know what envy is ?
do you know what &apos;s up ?
do you know what &apos;s neither ?

ich bin der neu definierte arzt .
i am a redefined physician .
i &apos;m the new doctor .
i &apos;m the new doctor .

wir müssen die komplexität langsam steigern .
we have to gradually increase the complexity .
we need to increase the complexity .
we need to increase complexity .

und dies klingt ganz anders als vorher .
and it will sound completely different from before .
and this sounds very different than before .
and this sounds very different than before .

ich habe nichts zu verstecken . &quot;
because i have nothing to hide . &quot;
i have nothing to hide . &quot;
i have nothing to hide . &quot;

hier ist der olivenöl gang .
here &apos;s their olive oil aisle .
here &apos;s the olive oil .
here &apos;s the oliver oil .

es entstehen also zwei kreisläufe .
so two cycles are created .
so it &apos;s going to get two circles .
so it creates two circles .

das ist nur ein bisschen weniger zerstörung .
it &apos;s just a little less destruction .
this is just a little bit less destroying .
that &apos;s just a little less destruction .

sie haben ihre bilder mitgebracht , ja ?
you brought your pictures , right ?
they brought their pictures , yes ?
they brought their pictures , yes ?

ich lese ihnen den eintrag vor .
let me read you the entry .
i read to you the contract .
i read you the contract .

das , was gerade dargestellt worden ist .
that which i just presented to you .
that &apos;s what &apos;s just been represented .
the thing that &apos;s been represented is .

das ufer stammt von einem anderen ort .
the shores are from a different location .
this is from one other place .
the ufer of a different place .

nicht mal die wahrheit wird sie befreien .
not even the truth will set them free .
not even the truth , it &apos;s free .
not even the truth will be free .

wir haben tausende organismen die das tun können .
we have thousands of organisms that can do this .
we have thousands of organisms that can do that .
we have thousands of organisms that can do it .

eine sprache ist ausdruck des menschlichen geistes .
a language is a flash of the human spirit .
a language is the expression of the human spirit .
a language is the expression of human mind .

es ist toll , dass diese nummer steigt .
and it &apos;s a great thing for this number to go up .
it &apos;s great that this number goes up .
it &apos;s great that this number goes up .

nein , wir legen fest , was drin ist .
no , we define what &apos;s inside .
no , we &apos;re stuck in there .
no , we find out what &apos;s inside .

ich will das kurz mal ein bisschen erklären .
this is about virtuality , about non-linearity , about storytelling .
i just want to explain a little bit about that .
i want to explain that a little bit a little bit about .

zweite halbzeit . ende der normalen spielzeit .
second half . end of normal time .
second time . the normal game time .
second time . end of the normal game .

das ist nicht einfach nur eine verrückte idee .
this is just not some blue sky thinking .
it &apos;s not just a crazy idea .
that &apos;s not just a crazy idea .

und ja , ich gehe nochmal eine slide weiter .
and yes , i &apos;ll move on a slide .
and yeah , i &apos;ll go back again .
and yes , i &apos;m going to go on again .

also das machte sinn , es passte zusammen .
so that made sense , that was a match .
so that made sense , it was appropriate .
so that made sense , it was passing together .

es ist etwa wie eine kartoffel .
it &apos;s kind of like a potato .
it &apos;s like a potatoes .
it &apos;s kind of like a cartoffel .

jetzt werde ich noch etwas schlagzeug dazu tun .
now i &apos;ll put some percussion in .
now i &apos;m going to do something else about it .
now i &apos;m going to do something else about it .

und versuch das ganze nochmal mit einer anderen generation .
and try that again and do that for another generation .
and try this whole again with another generation .
and try and try this again with another generation .

ich könnte direkt vor meinem haus parken . &quot;
i could be parking right in front of my building . &quot;
i could park in front of my house . &quot;
i could be in front of my house . &quot;

es ist alles hier . es ist alles online .
it &apos;s all here ; it &apos;s all on the web .
it &apos;s all here . it &apos;s all online .
it &apos;s all here . it &apos;s all online .

und behaltet trotzdem eine realistische ebene .
and despite that , it retains a level of realism .
and yet , a realistic level is realistic .
and yet a realistic level is still a realistic level .

ich trage jeans , fast die ganze zeit .
i wear jeans almost all the time .
i &apos;m wearing jeans almost all the time .
i &apos;m wearing jeans , almost all the time .

ich glaube , an erster stelle steht die neugier .
well , i think number one is curiosity .
i think first of the curiosity is curiosity .
i think the first place is the curiosity .

jetzt holt er einen traktor in die szene .
now he &apos;s brought a tractor into the scene .
now he &apos;s got a tractor in the scene .
now he put a trajectory in the scene .

das ist so etwas wie unser kampfschrei .
so that &apos;s kind of our battle cry .
this is something like our camoufi .
this is something like our campboard .

ist ja toll , dann haben wir ein geschäftsmodell .
that &apos;s great , then we have a business model .
yes , we have a business model .
is great , then we have a business model .

und wir benutzen dieses wort mit solcher verachtung .
and we say that word with such contempt .
and we use this word with this representative .
and we &apos;re using this word with this kind of thing .

und deshalb möchte ich über die macht der identität sprechen .
and so i want to talk about the power of identity .
and so i want to talk about the power of identity .
and so i want to talk about the power of identity .

ich hatte mit dieser schönheit eine beziehung über mehrere monate .
i was in a relationship with this beauty for several months .
i had a relationship with this beauty of a number of months .
i had a relationship with this beauty over several months .

aber den phosphor wird man nicht ersetzen können .
but phosphorus will not be able to be replaced .
but the phosphorus is not going to be able to replace .
but the phosphorus is not going to replace .

es gibt ein programm , das einige vielleicht schon kennen .
there is a program that some of you might have heard of .
there &apos;s a program that may know some .
there &apos;s a program that may be familiar with .

der zweite faktor sind die dienste , die wir nutzen .
the second factor is the services we use .
the second factor is the services we use .
the second factor is the services we use .

je mehr es sich ändert , desto schneller ändert es sich .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
the more it changes , the faster it changes faster .

es gibt kein überbevölkerungsproblem an bäumen .
there &apos;s no problem with overpopulation among trees .
there &apos;s no overpopulation problem .
there &apos;s no overpopulation process of trees .

ich kann nicht sagen , ob es gut oder schlecht ist .
i can &apos;t say whether it &apos;s good or bad .
i can &apos;t say whether it &apos;s good or bad .
i can &apos;t say whether it &apos;s good or bad .

es ist &apos; ne form von revierverhalten , ja ?
it &apos;s a type of territorial behavior , right ?
it &apos;s the form of recession , right ?
it &apos;s &quot; reform of refourth behavior , yes ?

an einer stelle füllt sich der bildschirm mit blättern .
at one point , your screen is filled up with leaves .
on one spot , the screen swallows over .
in a place , the screen is filled with leaves .

ich meine , ich habe selten so flache linien gesehen .
i mean i &apos;ve rarely seen lines so flat .
i mean , i &apos;ve seen rarely flat lines .
i mean , i &apos;ve seen rare lines like this .

denn wir nicht wir machen nicht die dinge mehr frei von .
because we don &apos;t we no longer make things free of stuff .
because we &apos;re not doing things anymore .
because we don &apos;t do things anymore .

in der zukunft werden sich die meisten verbrechen online abspielen .
in the future , the majority of crime will be happening online .
in the future , most crime are going to be online .
in the future , most crime are going to play online .

ich war regelrecht besessen vom erforschen der tiefsee .
and so , i really got bitten by the bug of deep-ocean exploration .
i was quite a little bit obsessed with studying the deep sea .
i was quite obsessed with investigation of the deep sea .

es geht darum , die nuancen der sprache zu verstehen .
it &apos;s about the nuance of human language .
it &apos;s about understanding the nuances of language .
it &apos;s about understanding the numbers of language .

es ist einfach nur atemberaubend ehrgeizig .
it &apos;s nothing if not ambitious .
it &apos;s just breathtaking .
it &apos;s just breathless ambiguous .

das ist super . ich liebe die placebo-industrie .
that &apos;s fantastic . i love big placebo .
that &apos;s great . i love the placebo industry .
that &apos;s great . i love the placebo industry .

und es war eine erfahrung , die mir hollywood nicht geben konnte .
and it was an experience that hollywood couldn &apos;t give me .
and it was an experience that couldn &apos;t give me hollywood .
and it was a experience that hollywood couldn &apos;t give me .

&quot; nun , das sind ungefähr 30 prozent &quot; , sagte er .
&quot; well , it &apos;s about 30 percent , &quot; he said .
&quot; well , that &apos;s about 30 percent , &quot; he said .
&quot; well , that &apos;s about 30 percent , &quot; he said .

aber meine logische seite hat es auch nicht gemocht .
but it didn &apos;t sit well with my logical side either .
but my logical side didn &apos;t like it too .
but my logical side has not liked it .

ich lächle dann gern und sage , &quot; danke schön . &quot;
i like to smile and say , &quot; thank you . &quot;
i smile , and i say , &quot; thank you . &quot;
i would like to smile and say , &quot; thank you . &quot;

es stellte sich aber heraus , dass das noch nicht alles ist .
turns out though , that that &apos;s not even where it stops .
but it turns out that it &apos;s not all .
but it turns out that it &apos;s not all .

wir sprechen von einer 300 , wenn ein schläger 300 schlägt .
so we talk about a 300 , a batter who bats 300 .
we &apos;re talking about a 300 , if a bat lifts 300 .
we &apos;re talking about a 300 if a sleeping is 300 .

meine ur-großeltern starben alle als sie 60 waren .
my great-grandparents died , all of them , by the time they were 60 .
my great-grandparents died all the time when they were 60 .
my great-grandparents died when they were 60 .

sie interagieren auf eindeutige weise mit ihrer umgebung und ihren erfahrungen .
they have a distinct way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
they &apos;re clearly interacting with their environment and their experiences .
they &apos;re also interacting with their environment and their experiences .

es gibt nur das zweitbeste , eben die feuerwehr .
that &apos;s where he signed up .
there &apos;s only the second best , the fire brigade .
there &apos;s only the second best , the fireflies .

wir müssen uns auf die maschinerie der regierung einlassen .
we have to engage with the machinery of government .
we need to get to the machine government of the government .
we need to be able to engage in the machine of government .

und diese leute wissen etwas , was wir aus den augen verloren haben .
and these folks know something that we &apos;ve lost sight of .
and these people know something we &apos;ve lost out of the eyes .
and these people know something we lost from the eyes .

macht es unmöglich zu sagen , wie das foto eigentlich zusammengesetzt wurde .
make it impossible to say how the image actually was composed .
it &apos;s impossible to say how the photo actually was put together .
it &apos;s impossible to say how this photograph was actually put together .

dieser erste , das war mehr wie eine leidenschaftliche affäre .
that first one , it was more like a passionate affair .
the first one that was more like a passionate monkey monkey .
the first one that was more like a passionate monkey .

wenn ich sie also nebeneinander lege , weckt das ihr interesse .
so if i put them next to each other , they get interested .
so if i hide them by side , they &apos;ll interest their interest .
so if i leave you to each other , your interest is going to be interested .

das wird politik beeinflussen , denke ich , in den kommenden jahren .
this is going to influence policy , i think , in years to come .
this is going to change politics , i think , in the coming years .
this is going to affect politics , i think , in the years .

er sagte : » in deutschland gibt es keine todesstrafe .
he said , &quot; we don &apos;t have the death penalty in germany .
he said , &quot; in germany , there &apos;s no death penalty .
he said , &quot; in germany , there &apos;s no death penalty .

lassen sie mich mit drei meiner eigenen worte schließen : i erinnere mich .
and let me close with three words of my own : i do remember .
let me close with three of my own words : i remember .
let me close with three of my own words : i remember .

wie kam er dazu , auf diese besondere art nach hilfe zu suchen ?
now how did he come to be looking for help in this very unique manner ?
how did he get to look for this particular kind of help ?
how did he find looking for this particular kind of help ?

neue investitionen , um gut bezahlte arbeitsplätze zu schaffen .
new investments to create high-paying jobs .
new investments to create well-paying jobs .
new investments to create good job jobs .

ich glaube , irgendwie so sechshundert dollar oder so etwas .
i think the price lies at about six hundred dollars or so .
i think it &apos;s kind of like that shit or something .
i think it &apos;s kind of like seventure or something like this .

das ist in der tat die wahre verschmelzung von mensch und maschine .
it is actually the true integration of the man and the machine .
this is indeed the true disappearance of human and machine .
this is indeed the real disappeared of human and machine .

unser darm ist eine wunderbar gastfreundlichen umgebung für diese bakterien .
our gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
our gut is a wonderful hospitality environment for these bacteria .
our gut is a wonderful friendly environment for these bacteria .

wie kann ein richter jemanden in etwas verwandeln , das er nicht ist ?
how can a judge turn you into something that you &apos;re not ?
how can a judge get into something that &apos;s not ?
how can a judge someone turn into something that he &apos;s not ?

die meisten kennen die meisten leute kennen das aus dem softwarebereich .
most of us know most people have heard of this in the context of software .
most people know most people from the software software .
most people know this from the software area .

bedenken sie , es ist kostenlos , niemand von uns verdient daran .
remember , it &apos;s free ; none of us are making any money on this thing .
remember , it &apos;s free , no one of us deserves to do it .
remember , it &apos;s free , no one deserve from us .

also all diese grünen gebiete , dies sind die zielreichsten umgebungen .
so all of the green areas , these are your target-rich environments .
so all these green areas , these are the richest environments .
so all these green areas , these are the richest environments .

ich spielte den ersten satz von beethovens violinkonzert .
and i played the first movement of the beethoven violin concerto .
i played the first sentence of beethoven &apos;s concerts .
i played the first sentence of beethoven vens .

ihr geht es gut . die frage ist , wie wird es uns ergehen .
she &apos;s okay . the question is whether we will be .
it &apos;s going to be good . the question is , how is it going to get us ?
it &apos;s good . the question is how it &apos;s going to go .

wenn ich nicht recht habe , dann ist die kanzlerin kein mann .
logic does not make any statement about what is valid .
if i &apos;m not right , the canoe is not a man .
if i &apos;m not right , the kanzler is not a man .

und alles , was ich dazu sagen kann ist : warum bekämpfen wir das ?
and all i can say about this is : why are we fighting it ?
and all i can say is : why are we fighting this ?
and all i can say is , why do we fight that ?

wir können besser mit mehr kategorien als mit mehr auswahlmöglichkeiten umgehen .
we can handle more categories than we can handle choices .
we can better deal with more categories than more choices .
we can deal with more categories than more choices .

und nicht einmal wie ein technik-unternehmen , sondern eher wie das internet selbst .
and not even like a tech company , but more like the internet itself .
and not even like a tech company , but more like the internet itself .
and not even like a technique company , but rather like the internet itself .

fotos , bei denen man einen kurzen moment nachdenken muss , um den trick herauszufinden .
photos where you will need a brief moment to think to figure out the trick .
photos where you have to think about a short moment to figure out what the trick is .
photographs that you have to think about a short moment to figure out the trick .

ich machte also dieses ding auf ähnliche weise auf die man einen computer chip macht .
and so i made this thing in nearly the same way as you make a computer chip .
so i did this thing in a similar way that you do on your computer .
so i did this thing in a similar way that you do a computer chip .

natürlich werden viele leute , wissenschaftler , bestätigen , dass es wirklich anders war .
and in fact , lots of people , scientists , will contest that it was really different .
of course , many people , scientists , confirm that it was really different .
of course , a lot of people , scientists , confirm that it was really different .

und einfach so , zeigt ihnen der eisberg eine andere seite seiner persönlichkeit .
and just like that , the iceberg shows you a different side of its personality .
and just like this , the iceberg shows you a other side of its personality .
and just so , the iceberg shows you another side of his personality .

das hat damit zu tun , dass wir zurückgehen in das vierzehnte jahrhundert .
century .
that has to do with the fact that we go back to the 10th century .
this has to do with doing that we go back to the four-tenth century .

warum singen wir aber nicht mehr , um von oben von a nach b zu kommen ?
why do we no longer sing to get from a to b from above ?
why don &apos;t we sing more , to get up from the top of a to b ?
why don &apos;t we sing anymore to come from the top from b to b ?

ist es also nicht interessant , dass hohe wetteinsätze einen starken effekt haben ?
so , isn &apos;t that interesting ? that high stakes have a strong impact .
so isn &apos;t it interesting that high competition has a strong effect ?
so is it not interesting that high permission have a strong effect ?

wenn alle antworten ja lauten , fühle ich mich , als ob ich gewonnen habe .
if all the answers are yes , i feel as though i &apos;ve won .
if all the answers , i feel like i &apos;ve won .
if everyone responds to the answers , i feel like i won .

es handelt sich nicht um knappheit , das problem ist zugänglichkeit .
it &apos;s not about being scarce , it &apos;s about accessibility .
it &apos;s not about scarcity , the problem is accessible .
it &apos;s not about knecessity , the problem is accessible .

dies ist tatsächlich ein poster von notre dame , das richtig aufgezeichnet wurde .
this is actually a poster of notre dame that registered correctly .
this is actually a poster of notre lady , which was recorded .
this is actually a poster of emergency lady that was recorded right .

einige von ihnen denken vielleicht : &quot; das ist eine ganze menge zeit für spiele . &quot;
some of you might be thinking , &quot; that &apos;s a lot of time to spend playing games .
some of you might think , &quot; this is a lot of time for games . &quot;
some of you might think , &quot; that &apos;s a lot of time for games . &quot;

traditionell denken wir in der umweltdiskussion , wir sind zu viele auf der welt .
traditionally , in the discussion about the environment , there is the belief that there are too many of us on this planet .
traditionally , we think in environmental discussion , we &apos;re too many of the world .
traditional thinking in the environmental discussion , we &apos;re too many of the world .

und ich habe vor noch viel mehr dingen angst , die niemand erahnen würde .
and i &apos;m afraid of many , many more things besides that people can &apos;t even guess at .
and i still have a lot more fear of things that no one would instill do .
and i have a lot more fear of things that nobody would learn .

ich wundere mich , dass man oft etwas ganz elementares vergisst .
i &apos;m surprised that people often forget something very elementary .
i wonder that you often see something quite elementary .
i wonder that you often forget a little bit of elementary arity .

also , was taten wir ? wir haben crowdsourcing in den niederlanden durchgeführt .
so what we did , we crowdsourced the netherlands .
so what did we do ? we have crowdsource crowds in the netherlands .
so , what did we do ? we did crowdsourcing in the netherlands .

natürlich wohnt diese virtuelle welt in den mauern unserer städte , ist ja klar .
of course this virtual world exists within the walls of our cities , that &apos;s obvious .
of course , these virtual world in the walls of our cities , is clear .
of course , this virtual world in the walls of our cities , is clear .

kein ruhm , keine ehre , kein geld . was machst du nur ?
no fame , no glory , no money . what are you doing ?
no rub , no honor , no money . what do you do ?
no rub , no honor , no money . what do you do ?

okay , nur noch ein schnelles beispiel für eine variante von intersexualität .
okay , so just one more quick example of a way you can have intersex .
okay , just another quick example of a variation for a variable of sexuality .
okay , just a quick example of a variation of sexual interactions .

auf dieser insel , das ist die insel graciosa auf den azoren .
on this island , that &apos;s the island graciosa on azores .
on this island , this is the island , on the island , on the zors .
on this island , this is the island of graciosa on the azors .

ich hab mir erlaubt ich habe lilly gefragt , ob ich sie erwähnen darf .
i took the liberty i asked lilly , if it would be okay to mention her .
i was allowed to give me a lly if i could mention them .
i &apos;ve been asked to ask lilly whether i can mention you .

diese zahl steigt , und sie steigt sehr schnell , und das ist beschämend .
that number &apos;s rising , and it &apos;s rising really rapidly , and it &apos;s disgraceful .
this number goes up , and it goes very fast , and that &apos;s damaging .
this number goes up , and it goes very fast , and that &apos;s accumulated .

und , wenn das stimmt , – und ich denke , es stimmt – ist die frage :
and , if this is true , and i think it is true , the question becomes , what now ?
and if that &apos;s true , and i think it &apos;s true -- it &apos;s the question .
and , if that &apos;s true , and i think it &apos;s true -- the question is .

und in der tat sollten sie das tun . dies sind wichtige zu beantwortende fragen .
and indeed they should . these are important questions to answer .
and in fact , they should do that . these are important questions .
and in fact , they should do that . these are important questions to answer questions .

und rick szeliski von microsoft forschung durchgeführt wurde . eine sehr gute zusammenarbeit .
and rick szeliski at microsoft research . a very nice collaboration .
and rick scoliski was done by microsoft &apos;s research . a very good collaboration .
and rick sceliveni was done by microsoft research . a very good collaboration .

wir bildeten dann ein team , eine großartige mannschaft , und wir begannen hiermit .
so we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started doing this .
we then created a team , a great team , and we started with this .
we then created a team , a great manner , and we started with this .

wir fuhren nach sao paulo , wo außenwerbung verboten worden ist .
we went to san paulo where they have banned outdoor advertising .
we went to sao paulo paulo , where foreign commercials have been hurt .
we went to sawo paulo , where foreign advertisement has been beaten .

die leute fragen mich immer , was forscht ihr denn eigentlich da in adlershof ?
people always ask me , what are you researching in adlershof all the time ?
people always ask me , what does your research actually do in adolescents ?
people always ask me , what do you actually do in adventure ?

das ist bleak house von dickens . jede spalte ist ein kapitel .
this is &quot; bleak house &quot; by dickens . every column is a chapter .
this is leak of thickness . each old spider is a chapter .
this is bleak house of dickens . every old span is a chapter .

was wir bei national geographic letztendlich versuchen , ist dass wir glauben , dass politiker niemals etwas erreichen .
so , what we &apos;re trying to do at the national geographic , finally , is , we believe that politicians will never accomplish anything .
what we &apos;re trying to do in national geographic is we &apos;re never going to believe that politicians never get anything done .
so what we &apos;re trying to do at national geographic is we think that politicians never achieve anything .

an jeder stelle , wo man wegwirft , von , ja , schafft man wieder lebensmöglichkeiten .
everywhere where you throw something away , from , well , you create new living potential .
at every point , where you throp away from , yes , you make a living .
in every place where you throw away from , yes , you create a way of living .

das können sie natürlich nur , wenn sie in irgendeiner art und weise hier gemanagt werden .
of course you can only do that if you &apos;re being managed here somehow .
you can only , of course , if you &apos;re in some way , and you &apos;re going to use some way here .
you can only do that , of course , if you &apos;re in any kind of way , and you &apos;re going to say there .

es wird schneller und schneller und ich glaube das ist der grund warum es so verwirrend scheint .
the thing is becoming faster and that &apos;s why i think it seems so confusing .
it &apos;s getting faster and faster , and i think that &apos;s why it seems so confusing .
it &apos;s faster and faster and faster , and i think that &apos;s why it seems so confused .

also hier sehen wir ein junges weibchen und männchen in einem verfolgungsspiel .
so here , we have a young female and a male engaged in a chase game .
so here we see a young female and a male torture in a torture .
so here we see a young female and male in a torture game .

und der titel des vortrages war , ja wie man zu hundert prozent erneuerbare kommt .
the title of the presentation was , how to reach one hundred percent renewable energies .
and the title of the lecture was how to get a hundred percent renewable .
and the title of the talk was , yes , you get to a hundred percent renewable .

mein leben ist wirklich außerordentlich gesegnet durch die arbeit an einigen erstaunlichen projekten .
i have had the distinct blessing in my life to have worked on a bunch of amazing projects .
my life is really extraordinarily blessed by the work of some amazing projects .
my life is really extraordinary by working on some amazing projects .

sie müssen kein ingenieur sein , um schöne häuser , schöne brücken oder schöne gebäude zu erschaffen .
you don &apos;t have to be an engineer to make beautiful houses , beautiful bridges , beautiful buildings .
you don &apos;t have to be an engineer to create beautiful houses , beautiful bridges or beautiful buildings .
you don &apos;t have to be an engineer to create beautiful houses , beautiful bridges or beautiful buildings .

sie kam eines tages von der schule , sie ist lehrerin , und sie erzählte von einem schüler .
one day she came back from her school , she &apos;s a teacher , and she told me about one of her pupils .
she came out one day from school , she &apos;s a teacher , and she told her from a student .
she came up with one day of school , she was a teacher , and she was told by a student .

es hat eine app , eine web- und handy-app , namens &quot; citizens connect &quot; .
it has an app , a web and mobile app , called citizens connect .
it &apos;s got an app , a web-app and app , called &quot; anesthesia . &quot;
it &apos;s got an app , a web and hand app , called &quot; baseball . &quot;

die ungesunde art über die ich spreche , ist die , die einen im innersten krank macht .
the unhealthy shame i &apos;m talking about is the one that makes you so sick inside .
the kind of healthy way i &apos;m talking about is the one that makes you sick in the first place .
the unhealthy way that i &apos;m talking about is the one that is the one in the first sick .

und dann sagte er drei worte – die emotionslosesten worte , die ich je gehört habe .
and then he says three words -- the most unemotional three words i &apos;ve ever heard .
and then he said three words -- the most lovely words i &apos;ve ever heard .
and then he said three words -- the most common words i &apos;ve ever heard .

frau : 80er revival trifft auf skaterpunk , außer am waschtag .
80 &apos;s revival meets skater-punk , unless it &apos;s laundry day .
woman : 80s reviews on skatk , except the washing day .
80s revival on skateral punk , except the washing day .

das heißt , dieser erste eindruck passiert in einer rasant schnellen geschwindigkeit , wie wir dinge wahrnehmen .
that means the first impression comes to us at an extremely high speed , the way we perceive things .
this is called the first impression of any race in a rapid speed velocity , as we perceive things .
this is the first impression in a rapid speed of how we perceive things .

tatsächlich dachten wir , dass hier das ende ist , aber wir haben versucht den prozess etwas weiter zu bringen .
in fact , we thought this might be as far as it went , but we tried to design the process a little bit further .
in fact , we thought that this is the end , but we &apos;ve tried to get the process a little bit further .
in fact , we thought that this is the end , but we tried to get the process further .

aber nun gibt es eine mutige , neue lösung , um uns aus dieser misslichen lage zu befreien .
but now there is a bold new solution to get us out of this mess .
but now there &apos;s a brave new solution to get us out of this miserable situation .
but now there &apos;s a mutation , new solution to enable us out of this abuse .

tja , leider sehen wir eher dieses gesicht im echten leben , wenn wir schwierigen problemen begegnen .
now , unfortunately this is more of the face that we see in everyday life now as we try to tackle urgent problems .
well , unfortunately , we &apos;re more likely to see this real face in real life when we face difficult issues .
well , unfortunately , we &apos;re more likely to look at this face in real life when we face harder problems .

und ein grund ist , dieser enorme wärmespeicher erwärmt grönland aus dem norden .
and one reason is , this enormous heat sink heats up greenland from the north .
and one reason is that huge warmth of warning greenland from the north .
and one reason is that this is a huge heat heat heat heat greenland from the north .

das wird , denke ich , in den nächsten ein oder zwei jahrzehnten teil der nationalen statistik sein .
this is going to be , i think , within the next decade or two , part of national statistics .
this will , i think , in the next two or two decades , will be part of the national statistic .
this will be , i think , in the next one or two decades of the national statistics .

aber interessant ist der einzigartige tonfall des liedes , der rhythmus des tanzes in jeder kultur .
but what &apos;s interesting is the unique cadence of the song , the rhythm of the dance in every culture .
but what &apos;s interesting is the unique case of the rhythm , the rhythm of dance in every culture .
but what &apos;s interesting is the unique case of the rhythm , the rhythm of the dance in every culture .

das ist , weil die regierung wie ein weiter ozean ist und politik das sind die obersten 15cm .
that &apos;s because government is like a vast ocean and politics is the six-inch layer on top .
this is because the government is like a sea further , and politics are the top 15 inches .
that &apos;s because the government is like a ocean , and politics are the top 15th cm .

man mag denken , dass das nur ein landschaftsbild ist , und der untere teil manipuliert wurde .
one might think that this is just an image of a landscape and the lower part is what &apos;s manipulated .
you might think that this is just a landscape , and the bottom part was manipulated .
you may think this is just a country image , and the lower part was manipulated .

das nächste puzzleteil zeigt , wie ein boot im frühen morgenrot leise auf see ausläuft .
the next piece of the jigsaw is of a boat in the early dawn slipping silently out to sea .
the next part of the puzzle shows how a boat in the early morse of trunk walks .
the next puzzle of the puzzle shows how a boat in the early morse red red by sea .

im grunde geht mir also darum : wenn du etwas siehst , das unmöglich ist , dann mach es möglich .
so basically this is my point : if you see something that &apos;s not possible , make it possible .
so basically , what i &apos;m going to do is , if you look at something that &apos;s impossible , it &apos;s possible .
so basically , i &apos;m going to say , if you look at something that &apos;s impossible , it &apos;s possible .

es ist fast physiologisch unmöglich , schlecht gelaunt zu sein , wenn man hellrote hosen trägt .
it is almost physiologically impossible to be in a bad mood when you &apos;re wearing bright red pants .
it &apos;s almost physiologically impossible to be miserable when you &apos;re wearing red .
it &apos;s almost impossible to be bad to be bad , if you give red red red .

das ist quasi die deadline , die uns die umweltmodelle aufgezeigt hat , die wir einhalten müssen .
that &apos;s sort of the deadline that the environmental models have shown us that we have to meet .
that &apos;s the deadline that shows us the environmental models that we have to keep .
this is kind of the deadline that shows us the environmental models that we need to stop .

und ich meinte &quot; entschuldigung , sir , kennen wir uns ? ich kann mich nicht an sie erinnern . &quot;
and i said , &quot; i &apos;m sorry , sir , have we met ? i don &apos;t remember meeting you . &quot;
and i said , &quot; excuse , sir , sir , we know ? i can &apos;t remember them . &quot;
and i said , &quot; sorry , sir , do we know ? i can &apos;t remember you . &quot;

das wäre es auch ohne die umweltherausforderung gewesen , aber die macht es noch so viel wichtiger .
it would have been , even without the environmental constraint , but the environmental constraint just makes it so much greater .
that would have been without the environmental demands , but the power is still so much more important .
that would have been a lot of the world &apos;s insurance , but it does so much more important .

also , es war uns möglich , den kleinen digitalen sprengkopf mit der rotorsteuerung in verbindung zu bringen .
so we were able to associate the small digital warhead with the rotor control .
so , it was possible to bring the little digital head out of the torroid into connection .
so , it was possible for us to connect the little digital head with the rotoric tax .

sofort werden sie einer , für den es selbstverständlich solche vorhersager gibt , erfahren , das kannst du nicht beweisen .
you &apos;ll immediately hear the following from someone who thinks it &apos;s a matter of course that there are predictors , you can &apos;t prove that .
immediately , they &apos;re going to be one for the those of you who are predictable , you can &apos;t prove that .
immediately , you &apos;re going to be able to be able to tell you that for granted , you know , you can &apos;t prove .

nun ja , eine erleuchtung ist für gewöhnlich etwas , dass man findet weil man es irgendwo fallen gelassen hat .
and you know , an epiphany is usually something you find that you dropped someplace .
now , yes , a light sensation is usually something that you find , because you &apos;ve left out somewhere .
well , a lighting is ordinary for something that you find out because you dropped it somewhere .

wir erstellten kleine stücke , machten eine fehlerkorrektur und hatten ein dna molekül von ungefähr 5.000 buchstaben .
we designed the pieces , went through our error correction and had a dna molecule of about 5,000 letters .
we made small pieces , a error correction , and a dna molecule had about 5,000 letters .
we made little pieces , made an error correcture , and we had a dna molecule of about 5,000 letters .

am nächsten tag , gingen alle ins zentrum um das siegerteam und den premierminister zu selben zeit zu treffen .
the following day , again everybody went to the center to meet the winning team and the prime minister at the time .
the next day , everybody went to the center to meet the team and the prime minister .
the next day , everybody went to the seventh team and meeting the prime minister at the same time .

die frage die ich also stellen möchte und ich mir auch oft selber stelle , ist wie diese neue welt wohl sein wird ?
and so what i &apos;m trying to ask , what i &apos;ve been asking myself , is what &apos;s this new way that the world is ?
so the question i want to ask is , and i often want to ask myself , is how this new world will be ?
so the question i want to ask , and i often ask myself how is this new world going to be ?

seine arbeit ist genial . er untersucht , warum menschen so viel zeit , energie und geld in online-welten verbringen .
his work is brilliant . he looks at why people are investing so much time and energy and money in online worlds .
his work is brilliant . he studies why people spend so much time , energy and money in online .
his work is genius . he examines why people spend so much time , energy and money in online worlds .

ich sagte : » nein , nein , nein . schon ok . macht ihr nur . ich will kein bier . «
i said , &quot; no , no , no . that &apos;s okay . you all go ahead . i &apos;m not going to have any beer . &quot;
i said , &quot; no , no , no , no . ok . you just want me . i don &apos;t want a beer . &quot;
i said , &quot; no , no , no , no . ok . let me do it . i don &apos;t want to be a bike . &quot;

die holländische regierung hat erklärt , sie werden das erste land weltweit sein , was phosphor zurückgewinnt .
the dutch government has stated that it will be the first country worldwide to win back phosphorus .
the dutch government explained to be the first country in the world , which is what phosphorus wins .
the dutch government explained , they &apos;re going to be the first country around the world , which is going to return to phosphorus .

nathaniels manischer zorn verwandelte sich in verständnis , in eine ruhige neugier und anmut .
and nathaniel &apos;s manic rage was transformed into understanding , a quiet curiosity and grace .
nathanithanizorn changed into understanding a disturbing and courage .
nathanian manian orn turned into understanding , a curious curiosity and courage .

jetzt sage ich , &quot; computer , nimm jetzt diejenigen 10 % der sequenzen , welche meinen vorgaben am nächsten gekommen sind .
and i say , &quot; computer , would you please now take the 10 percent of those random sequences that did the best job .
now , i say , &quot; computers , take these 10 percent of the sequences that gave me the next one .
now , i say , &quot; computer , take those 10 percent of the consequences that have come to the next week .

wenn ich nun hier schaue , sehe ich die athleten , die in dieser ausgabe erscheinen und die sportarten .
so i &apos;m looking at this ; i see the athletes that have appeared in this issue , the sports .
now , when i look at this , i see the athletes that appear in this outcome and the sporting species .
now , when i look at this , i see the athletes that appear in this copy and the sports of sports .

wenn wir die richtige art von identität schaffen , können wir den menschen um uns herum dinge sagen , die sie zunächst nicht glauben .
when we create the right kind of identity , we can say things to the world around us that they don &apos;t actually believe makes sense .
if we can create the right kind of identity , we can tell people about things that they don &apos;t really believe .
if we create the right kind of identity , we can tell people around us things that they don &apos;t believe .

manchmal merke ich , dass er sehr präsent ist , manchmal ist er kaum zu sehen , aber er ist ständig bei mir .
sometimes i see a lot of it , sometimes there &apos;s very little , but it &apos;s always with me .
sometimes i realize he &apos;s very present , sometimes he &apos;s barely seen him , but he &apos;s constantly on me .
sometimes i realized he &apos;s very precious , sometimes he &apos;s hardly too hardly to see , but he &apos;s constantly on me .

was wir jetzt brauchen , ist ein radikal neues konzept von landwirtschaft , von einer , in der lebensmittel tatsächlich gut schmecken .
what we need now is a radically new conception of agriculture , one in which the food actually tastes good .
so what we need now is a radical new concept of agriculture , of a food that actually sucks well .
what we need now is a radical concept of agriculture , from a food that is actually good for food .

und man speist sie ein , indem man einfach einen ton-siftable an einen sequenz-siftable hält .
and you inject it by just bumping up the sound siftable against a sequence siftable .
and you store them by just holding a ton-feature cliff in a sequencing machine .
and you store them by just taking a ton of a sequence of sequencing a sequence of sequencing .

und dieses projekt habe ich als beispiel mitgebracht , wie wieder an dieser archaischen , kognitiven modelle adressiert wird .
i brought this project along as an example to illustrate how these archaic , cognitive models are being addressed again .
and this project , i brought in as an example of how this archaic review of this archaic , cognitive models of this .
and this project , i brought up as an example of how again in this archaean , cognitive models .

und die westantarktis , die über ein paar unterwasserinseln aufgetaucht ist , ist besonders stark im schmelzen .
and west antarctica cropped up on top some under-sea islands , is particularly rapid in its melting .
and the west antarctica , which is a few underwater islands , is particularly strong in melting .
and the west antarctica , which has come up with a few underwater islands , is particularly strong in the melting .

und genauso wie die biosphäre stark abgetragen wurde , geschah dies mit der ethnosphäre -- nur mit noch größerer geschwindigkeit .
and just as the biosphere has been severely eroded , so too is the ethnosphere -- and , if anything , at a far greater rate .
and just as the biosphere became strong , this happened with the ethnosphere -- only at the same speed .
and just as the biosphere was lifted , this happened to the ethnosphere -- just a larger speed .

jetzt gibt es eine große gemeinde von leuten , die die hilfsmittel herstellen , die wir brauchen , um dinge effektiv gemeinsam anzupacken .
now there &apos;s a very large community of people that are building the tools that we need to do things together effectively .
now , there &apos;s a large community of people who are making tools that we need to actually package together .
now , there &apos;s a big community of people who are creating tools that we need to put things together .

es gibt fragen und probleme mit den leuten , von denen wir glaubten , dass sie immer recht hätten . seien sie also skeptisch .
there are questions and problems with the people we used to believe were always right , so be skeptical .
there are questions and problems with people we &apos;ve believed that they &apos;re always right . so they &apos;re skeptical .
there are questions and problems with the people we believed that they were always right . so they &apos;re skeptical .

ich würde ihnen gerne etwas erzählen , was mir vor ein paar monaten beim schreiben eines artikels für italian wired aufgefallen ist .
i &apos;d like to share with you a discovery that i made a few months ago while writing an article for italian wired .
i &apos;d like to tell you what a few months ago is writing a couple of months ago on the outside of an artistic article for wired wired .
i &apos;d like to tell you something that i noticed a few months ago , a few months ago in writing about italian for italian .

sie setzte mich hin und sah mich an . sie sagte : » ich möchte , dass du weißt , dass ich dich beobachtet habe . «
then she sat me down and she looked at me and she said , &quot; i want you to know i &apos;ve been watching you . &quot;
she sat me down and looked at me . she said , &quot; i want you to know that i &apos;ve seen you . &quot;
she sat down , and she looked at me . she said , &quot; i want you to know i &apos;ve seen you . &quot;

zwei tage später kam ich zu meinem nächsten notfalldienst und meine chefärztin bat mich auf ein gespräch in ihr büro .
and two days later i came to do my next emergency shift , and that &apos;s when my chief asked to speak to me quietly in her office .
two days later , i came to my next emergency service , and my chef turned out to be a conversation in her office .
two days later , i came to my next emergency service , and my chef asked me on a conversation in her office .

wir haben heute technologien aufgrund dieser schnellen synthesemethoden , um das zu tun was wir kombinatorische genetik nennen .
we now have techniques , because of these rapid methods of synthesis , to do what we &apos;re calling combinatorial genomics .
we have technologies today because of these fast synthesizers of methods to do what we call combinatoric genetics .
we have technologies today because of these fast synthesizers to do what we call combinatric genetics .

und die überraschung ist , dass patient a eine viel schlechtere erinnrung an die darmspiegelung hatte als patient b .
the surprise is that patient a had a much worse memory of the colonoscopy than patient b .
and the surprise is that patient has a much worse memory of the equation as a patient .
and the surprise is that patient had a much worse memory of darwinian reflection as a patient .

stellen sie sich vor , die hälfte der leute , die in wohnungen leben wollen , täten dies bereits ; die andere hälfte aber noch nicht .
imagine half the people who wanted to be in apartments already had them ; the other half aren &apos;t there yet .
imagine that half of the people who want to live in housing , this already ; the other half aren &apos;t yet .
imagine that half of the people who want to live in apartments are already doing this ; the other half not yet .

und ich lernte in meiner kleinen dachstube in der schwestern residenz am toronto general hospital , unweit von hier .
and i studied in my little garret at the nurses &apos; residence at toronto general hospital , not far from here .
and i learned in my little dave at the sisters at the siblings of the toronto , the general , uncut down here .
and i learned in my little sidewalk in the sisters of nurse at the toronto of general , unfar from here .

also , sie schickten die hälfte ihrer zivilisation auf die suche nach einer neuen welt . daher nehme ich meine 21 milliarden spielstunden pro woche .
now , they had half the civilization go off in search of a new world , so that &apos;s where i get my 21 billion hours a week of game-play from .
so , they sent the half of their civilization to search for a new world , so i &apos;m going to take my half billion hours a week .
so , they sent half their civilization to a new world , so i take my 21 billion game a week per week .

also ein ganz , ganz spannender prozess , wie gewisse dinge ablaufen und in was für millisekunden-bereichen diese dinge passieren .
so it &apos;s a very , very exciting process , how the sequence of certain things is and the span of milliseconds in which these things happen .
so a very , very exciting process of how certain things run , and what happens in a millisecond , these things happen .
so a very , very exciting process of running things like certain things , and what are happening for millimeter , these things happen .

und dann beschloss seattle , die app zu benutzen , um die bürger dazu zu bekommen die verstopften gullys zu reinigen .
and then seattle decided to use it to get citizens to clear out clogged storm drains .
and then seattle decided to use the app to get the citizens to get the lump of the lp .
and then seattle decided to use the app , to get the citizens to get the benignals .

gibt es eine chance , dass politiker , dass das land generell einen befund wie den ernst nehmen würde und darauf basierend politik machen würde ?
is there any chance that politicians , that the country generally , would take a finding like that seriously and run public policy based on it ?
is there a chance that politicians have that the country would take a look like the seriously , and do it based on politics ?
is there a chance that politicians , that the country would take a proposition like the serious and do based on politics ?

zum ersten mal in der geschichte hört man menschen diesen oder jenen künstler ein genie nennen – anstelle davon , dass er ein genie hat .
and for the first time in history , you start to hear people referring to this or that artist as being a genius rather than having a genius .
for the first time in history , you hear people or those young artists call a genius -- instead of having a genius .
for the first time in history , you hear people or those young artists call a genius -- instead of having a genius .

und es ist ein spiel , in dem personen eine sequenz von aminosäuren nehmen können um zu erforschen , wie das protein sich entwickeln wird .
and this is a game where individuals can actually take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how the protein is going to fold .
and it &apos;s a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids to explore how that protein will evolve .
and it &apos;s a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids to explore how the protein will evolve .

und das ist eine neuheit , dass wir diesen typ skala auf semi-logarithmischen kurven im gebiet der technologie verwenden müssen .
and this is a new thing that we talk about technology on semi-log curves .
and this is a recent device that we have to use this guy on the scale of semi-log loves in the area of technology .
and this is a new thing that we have to use this guy scale on semi-logarithmic curves in the field of technology .

ich habe also vorgeschlagen , dass regierungen neue flächen schaffen , die genug platz für eine stadt bieten und habe ihnen einen namen gegeben : charter cities .
so i proposed that governments create new reform zones big enough to hold cities and gave them a name : charter cities .
so i proposed that governments can create new areas , which provide enough for a city , and give them a name : charter .
so i &apos;ve suggested that governments are creating new surfaces that have given enough place for a city and given them a name : charter .

angenommen , ich sagte dass , durch wenige veränderungen ihrer gene , ein besseres gedächtnis haben könnten -- präziser , genauer und schneller .
suppose i said that , with just a few changes in your genes , you could get a better memory -- more precise , more accurate and quicker .
suppose i said that through a few changes of their genes , there could be a better memory -- precise precise , faster and faster .
suppose i said that through a few changes of their genes , a better memory -- precise , faster and faster .

wir bringen unseren studenten all diese technologien bei , mit besonderem fokus darauf , wie diese genutzt werden können , um die großen herausforderungen der menschheit zu lösen .
and we teach our students all of these technologies , and particularly how they can be used to solve humanity &apos;s grand challenges .
we &apos;re bringing our students to all these technologies with special focus on how this one can be used to solve the major challenges of humanity .
we bring our students to all these technologies , with special focus on how these can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .

und heute hatte ich zeit , ihnen einen teil dieser neuen design-welt und einige der möglichkeiten dessen zu zeigen , woran wir in unserem labor arbeiten .
and today , i had time to show you one point in this new design space , and a few of the possibilities that we &apos;re working to bring out of the laboratory .
and today , i had time to show you a part of this new design world and some of the possibilities of what we &apos;re working on in our lab .
and today i had time to show you a part of this new design world and some of the possibilities of what we &apos;re working on in our lab .

hi . ich bin kevin allocca , trends-manager bei youtube . beruflich schaue ich mir youtube-videos an .
hi . i &apos;m kevin allocca , i &apos;m the trends manager at youtube , and i professionally watch youtube videos .
hi . i &apos;m in kevin champions , infinite managers of youtube . i &apos;m looking at youtube video .
hi . i &apos;m a kevin lecca , infinite manager at youtube . i look at youtube videos .

wir haben schwierige gespräche darüber , an welchem punkt ein körper zum menschen wird , so daß er eine anderes recht hat als das fötale leben .
we have difficult conversations about at what point we decide a body becomes a human , such that it has a different right than a fetal life .
we have difficult conversations about what a body will be , so people will have a different right than the federal life .
we have difficult conversations about what is going to be a body to people , so that he has another right than the fatal life .

was wir uns also ansehen ist ein kleines stück metall es ist wie ein sprungbrett geformt und es steht über der kante über .
so what we &apos;re looking at is a little chunk of metal , and it &apos;s shaped like a diving board , and it &apos;s sticking out over a ledge .
so what we &apos;re looking at is a little piece of metal , it &apos;s like a springboard , and it &apos;s over the edge of the edges .
so what we &apos;re looking at is a little piece of metal , it &apos;s like a springboard , and it &apos;s over the channel .

musste man zwar auch lernen , also kein kleinkind kann von natur auf sprechen , aber wir lernen es sukzessive und verhältnismäßig natürlich .
it was something you had to learn , as no small child can naturally talk , but we learn it successively and relatively naturally .
so you also had to learn , so no small child can talk about nature , but we &apos;re learning it deskate and , of course , very small .
so you had to learn , so no child can talk about nature , but we &apos;re learning sulfur and curve , of course .

second-hand-shopping erlaubt mir , den einfluss meiner garderobe auf die umwelt zu reduzieren und auch den auf meine geldbörse .
secondhand shopping allows me to reduce the impact my wardrobe has on the environment and on my wallet .
my hands-on shopping impact allows me to reduce the impact of my guarantees on the environment , and also to reduce my money launderer .
and based on chards , i &apos;m allowed to reduce the impact of my gardening on the environment , and also to go to my donor .

sie wissen , ich habe über einige dieser projekte bereits zuvor gesprochen , über das menschliche genom und was das bedeuten könnte , und über die entdeckung neuer gruppen von genen .
you know , i &apos;ve talked about some of these projects before -- about the human genome and what that might mean , and discovering new sets of genes .
you know , i &apos;ve talked about some of these projects already earlier , about human genome and what could mean , and about the discovery of new genes .
you know , i &apos;ve talked about some of these projects before , about the human genome and what that might mean , and about the new groups of genes .

er sprühte speichel auf die seiten des fäkalien-messers und als es vollständig gefroren war , erstach er einen hund damit .
he put a spray of saliva on the edge of the shit knife and as it finally froze solid , he butchered a dog with it .
he had a spray storage on the sides of the aliens measurable , and as it were completely frozen , he was amazed by a dog .
he had stored memory on the sides of the sky , and when it was completely astonished , he had a dog with it .

also , um diese 80 % zu erreichen , müssen die industriestaaten , inklusive ländern wie china , ihre elektrizitätsgeneration komplett umstellen .
so , to get to that 80 percent , the developed countries , including countries like china , will have had to switch their electricity generation altogether .
so to achieve that 80 percent , the industrial states , including the countries , like china , need to get their energy revenue .
so , to get these 80 percent , the industrial states , including countries like china , their electricity generation completely .

und die power-utility , die die das elektrizitätsversorgungsunternehmen auf der insel , hat gemeint , das finden wir ganz toll .
and the power utility , which which the electric utility on the island , said they think it &apos;s great .
and the power-utility , the ones that have the electricity supply chairman on the island , has meant that we &apos;re really awesome .
and the power-utility , which has the power of power supply chain on the island , which we find really great .

in den 80er jahren , im kommunistischen ostdeutschland , musste man , wenn man eine schreibmaschine besaß , diese bei der regierung registrieren .
in the 1980s in the communist eastern germany , if you owned a typewriter , you had to register it with the government .
in the &apos; 80s , in the communist germany , you had to have a typewriter that had to register this government .
in the &apos; 80s , in the communist east germany , you had to , if you had to get a writing machine , these government registered by government .

diese durchbrüche müssen wir mit vollgas verfolgen und das können wir messen : in firmenzahlen , in pilotprojekten und regulierungsänderungen .
these breakthroughs , we need to move those at full speed , and we can measure that in terms of companies , pilot projects , regulatory things that have been changed .
these breakthroughs have to be pursued with gas , and we can measure this : measure in numbers , in pilots , in pilots and regulations .
we have to measure these breakthroughs with full of gas , and we can measure this : in corporate numbers , in mushrooms projects and regulations .

und überdies , man sagt auch seiner lehrerin nicht , dass man gerne brände irgendwo legt und sich freut , wenn das feuer nachher hochlodert .
no , it simply looks a lot better when we show that we &apos;re responsible for removing the danger that others create when they set a fire .
and this , also , says his teacher , that you don &apos;t like to have walls anywhere and enjoy the fire when the fire loves .
and that &apos;s what you say , you don &apos;t tell your teacher that you like to be able to do somewhere and enjoy the fire , when the fire gets weaked .

wir sind lichtjahre davon entfernt menschen zu verbessern . unser ziel ist es lediglich , dass wir eine chance haben lange genug zu überleben um das möglicherweise zu tun . vielen dank !
we &apos;re a ways away from improving people : our goal is just to make sure that we have a chance to survive long enough to maybe do that . thank you very much .
we &apos;re over the years of improving people . our goal is just to have a chance to survive long enough to do that . thank you .
we &apos;re going to be able to improve people . our goal is just that we have a chance to survive long enough to survive . thank you very much .

was ist es also für eine idee , darauf zu bestehen , dass jede familie eine wahl zwischen mehreren städten hat , die in konkurrenz um neue bewohner stehen ?
what kind of an idea is it to think about insisting that every family have a choice of several cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
so what is it for an idea to make sure that every family has a choice between vast cities that are in competition to stand to stand new residents ?
so what is it for an idea that every family has a choice between a majority of cities that are in competition for new resistance ?

durch verbesserung , ausprobieren und durch die untersuchung von verbrauchern , habe ich versucht dieses komplizierte konzept der charter city auf die wesentlichen elemente zu reduzieren .
through a process of refinement , trial and error , a lot of user testing , i tried to boil this complicated concept of charter city down to the bare essentials .
and through improvement , trial and error , i &apos;ve tried to reduce this complex concept of charity into the elements of the elements .
by improvements , auction and investigating the study of consumers , i tried to reduce this complicated concept of charter city on the essentially elements .

jedenfalls von dem teil , der mit neugier und wissenschaft zu tun hat . es war alles . es war abenteuer , es war neugier . es war vorstellungskraft .
of course , the curiosity , the science component of it -- it was everything . it was adventure , it was curiosity , it was imagination .
anyway , the part that he did with curiosity and science was to do it . it was all adventurous , it was curiosity . it was imagination .
anyway , the part of the curiosity and science has to do . it was all . it was adventure , it was curiosity . it was curiosity .

und das hier ist bio<unk> , der eben auch erwähnte hackerspace , dieses ja , so eine art volkshochschule im prinzip für für molekulare biologie .
and yes , so you can see that it &apos;s a relatively relatively heterogeneous thing , so from some people who do it on their own from home , to big i mean , larger organisations , who are doing this more formally in an institutionalised form already .
and this is biosphere , who also mentioned hackerspace , this one , kind of a volkie school for molecular biology .
and this is biodiversity , which is also mentioned sharks , this kind of thing , which is a kind of volcanic art in the principle of molecular biology .

im laufe des films hatten wir mehr als 500 firmen , die up und down-firmen waren und die &quot; nein &quot; sagten , weil sie nicht teil des projekts sein wollten .
over the course of this film , we had 500-plus companies who were up and down companies saying , &quot; no , &quot; they didn &apos;t want any part of this project .
over the course of the film , we had more than 500 companies , and the downhill companies were down and they said , &quot; no , because they didn &apos;t want to be part of the project .
in the course of the film , we had more than 500 companies that were down and downtown companies , and they said , &quot; no , because they didn &apos;t want to be part of the project .

ich kombinierte es mit meiner früheren vorliebe fürs zeichnen , aber es war ein bisschen anders , denn beim benutzen der kamera war der prozess vielmehr in der planung .
it mixed with my earlier passion for drawing , but it was a bit different , because using the camera , the process was in the planning instead .
i combined it with my former love , but it was a little different , because using the camera was more in planning .
i combined it with my breakfast love , but it was a little different because the camera was using a lot more in the process .

sie haben eine eigenartige sprache und eine heiratsvorschrift die linguistische exogamie genannt wird : man muss jemanden heiraten , der eine andere sprache spricht .
they have a curious language and marriage rule which is called &quot; linguistic exogamy : &quot; you must marry someone who speaks a different language .
they have a language , and they have a married opaque called the linguistic amogamie : you have to marry someone who speaks a different language .
they have a strange language and a married script called linguistic examamy : you have to marry someone who speaks another language .

und es ist eine lust , wenn sie in italien sehen , wie die leute im hohen bogen so &apos; ne coladose aus dem auto rausschmeißen , dazu .
and a pleasure too , if you look at how people in italy throw out a can of coca-cola from their car window .
and it &apos;s a lust , when you see it in italy , like the people in the bow , they &apos;re eating coke &apos;s car out of the car , they &apos;re cheating .
and it &apos;s a lust , if you look in italy , like people in the high bow of coke &apos;s car out of the car .

wie man glück steigern kann geht sehr unterschiedlich abhängig davon , wie sie denken und ob sie an das erinnernde selbst denken oder ob sie an das erlebende selbst denken .
how to enhance happiness goes very different ways depending on how you think , and whether you think of the remembering self or you think of the experiencing self .
like happiness , you can go very differently , depending on how you think and think about the memory itself , or even if you think about the life itself .
how to be fortunate to be very different dependent on how they think and whether they think of memory themselves or whether they think of life .

das heißt , wir projiezieren erst unser sehen , bevor wir es dann sehen , das wieder nach hinten in unseren seheapparat reinbringen , um zu sagen , okay ,
that means we first project what we see before we actually see it , then we bring that to the back into our seeing machine , and then we say , okay ,
so this is what we &apos;re seeing , first of all , to see , before we see it , again , back in the back of our ocean , to say , okay .
that means that we &apos;re only seeing our profoundly before we see it , again , going back to the back in our seattle , to say , okay .

laut burrelles war die premiere im januar , und seitdem -- und das ist nicht einmal die ganze sache -- gab es 900 millionen aufrufe von diesem film .
according to burrelles , the movie premiered in january , and since then -- and this isn &apos;t even the whole thing -- we &apos;ve had 900 million media impressions for this film .
loud burst was the premiere prime in january , and since then -- and this isn &apos;t even the whole thing -- there were 900 million ruins of this film .
according to burrory , the prime in january , and since then -- and that &apos;s not the whole thing -- there were 900 million calls of this film .

wie es sich anfühlen würde , in einer welt zu leben , in der der deutsche staat menschen hinrichten ließ , besonders , wenn darunter unverhältnismäßig viele juden wären .
what would it feel like to be living in a world where the nation state of germany was executing people , especially if they were disproportionately jewish ?
how it would feel to live in a world where the german state of people would have left , especially if unproportion were many jews .
how would it feel like it would be alive in a world where the german state had left people , especially if there were more unequal juvenile .

dem filmstudio habe ich das als &quot; romeo und julia auf einem schiff &quot; verkauft . es wurde ein liebesfilm epischen ausmaßes , ein leidenschaftlicher film .
you know , i went and pitched it to the studio as &quot; &apos; romeo and juliet &apos; on a ship : &quot; it &apos;s going to be this epic romance , passionate film . &quot;
the film , i sold this as &quot; romeo , &quot; and julia ship on a ship ship . &quot; it became an episode of episode , a passionate film .
the movie studio , i sold this as a &quot; romeo and julia on a ship , &quot; it became a movie of film , a passionate film .

einer der bereiche , in dem wir das zum beipiel sehen , in unserer heutigen kultur , in den heutigen vereinigten staaten , sind die kämpfe über den beginn und das ende des lebens .
one of the places we &apos;re seeing it , for example , in our culture today , in the united states today , is battles over the beginning of life and the end of life .
one of the areas we see in which we see in our culture , today in the united states , are the united states fighting over the beginning of life .
one of the areas that we see in the examples of both our culture today , in the united states today , is the fighting over the beginning and the end of life .

einige wochen später , erhielt die feuerwache einen brief der hausbesitzerin , in dem sie sich für den tapferen einsatz bei der rettung ihres hauses bedankte .
a few weeks later , the department received a letter from the homeowner thanking us for the valiant effort displayed in saving her home .
a few weeks later , the lighting fires gave a letter to the householder , where they were for the take-home use use of their house .
a couple of weeks later , the fireelections got a letter of the household in which they use for the pure use of their homework .

jetzt führe bitte alle diese zufällig gewählten instruktionen aus , führe alle programme aus , und wähle schlussendlich diejenigen , welche meiner vorgaben am nächsten sind . &quot;
now would you please run all of those random sequences of instructions , run all of those programs , and pick out the ones that came closest to doing what i wanted . &quot;
now , all of these random elected officials are out of leadership , all of programs , and selects , and the ones that gave me the next one . &quot;
now , all of these randomly elected instructions from leaders , all of the programs , and tubes that are the people who are next to me . &quot;

sie kam von einem mann , einem afro-amerikaner , sympathisch , rau , obdachlos , der auf einer geige spielte , die nur noch zwei saiten hatte .
and the source was a man , an african-american man , charming , rugged , homeless , playing a violin that only had two strings .
she came from a man , a african-american , sympathy , rapu , homeless , who had just played the two seasons .
she came from a man , a afro-american , sympathy , rau , homeless , homeless , who played on a spiritual that only had two savers .

tatsächlich wuchsen die tröpfchen , welche eine für das wachstum optimalere zusammensetzung hatten schneller als andere und integrierten mehr und mehr chemikalien von aussen und teilten sich schneller .
in fact , the drops that were different in a way that caused them to be better at incorporating chemicals around them , grew more and incorporated more chemicals and divided more .
in fact , the droplet that had an optimal amount of paintings faster than other , and more integrated chemicals and more of chemicals .
in fact , the trashes , which had a way for the growth of improvements faster than others and integrated more chemicals and more chemicals and more of chemicals and faster .

nun , in unserer stadt , in der freiwillige eine hochqualifizierte berufsfeuerwehr unterstützten , muss man ziemlich früh an der brandstelle sein , um mitmischen zu können .
now in our town , where the volunteers supplement a highly skilled career staff , you have to get to the fire scene pretty early to get in on any action .
well , in our town , in the volunteer line , a high-level fiercely firefight , you have to be pretty early on , to be able to mix .
well , in our city , in the volunteer , a highly qualified team , you have to be pretty early on the brand to mix .

und meine freunde , die große , gigantische hollywood-filme machen , sagen , dass der grund , warum ihre filme so erfolgreich sind , an den markenpartnern liegt , die sie haben .
and the friends of mine who make big , giant hollywood movies say the reason their films are so successful is because of the brand partners that they have .
and my friends who do great , gigantic hollywood movies , say that the reason they &apos;re so successful is because of their films , the puppets that they have .
and my friends , the great , big , giant harbor movies , say that the reason why their films are so successful , are so successful at the marks that they have .

und erst als er 19 jahre alt wurde , bekam er genügend medizinische probleme , tatsächlich davon , weil er innerlich menstruierte , dass die ärzte herausfanden , dass er im inneren weiblich war .
and it was only when he had reached the age of 19 that he began to have enough medical problems actually from menstruating internally , that doctors figured out that , in fact , he was female internally .
and only when he was 19 years old , he was given enough to give a medical problems , actually , because he argued that the doctors found out that he was female inside .
and only when he was 19 years old , he got enough medical problems , in fact , because he found that the doctors found out that he was in the inner white .

der durchschnitt für die meisten liegt bei ca. 50cm , bwl-studenten schaffen die hälfte davon , anwälte etwas mehr , aber nicht viel , kindergartenkinder sind besser als die erwachsenen .
so the average for most people is around 20 inches ; business schools students , about half of that ; lawyers , a little better , but not much better than that , kindergarteners , better than most adults .
the average for most is about 500,000 inches , the students will create half of them , a little bit more , but not much , children are much better than the adults .
the average of most is about 500,000 inches , bmb students create half of them , lawyers , but not much , a lot of children are better than adults .

es fing mit einer frage des bürgermeisters an , der zu uns kam und sagte , dass spanien und südeuropa eine schöne tradition haben , an öffentlichen orten wasser als teil der architektur zu nutzen .
it started with a question by the mayor of the city , who came to us saying that spain and southern europe have a beautiful tradition of using water in public space , in architecture .
it started with a question of mayor , who came to us and said that spain and southern europe have a beautiful tradition of places in places as part of architecture .
it started with a question of the mayor that came to us and said that spain and south europe have a beautiful tradition of public places than using architecture .

und um ehrlich zu sein , die einzige wirkliche und bleibende behinderung , mit der ich mich auseinander setzen musste , ist , dass die welt ständig meint , sie könne mich mit diesen definitionen beschreiben .
and , truthfully , the only real and consistent disability i &apos;ve had to confront is the world ever thinking that i could be described by those definitions .
and to be honest , the only real and remaining disability , i had to sit with each other is that the world continues to describe them with me .
and to be honest , the only real and real disability that i had to put myself apart with each other is that the world could always describe me with these conditions .

wenn ich mich also in diesem raum umsehe und menschen sehe , die entweder schon einen beachtenswerten erfolg erreicht haben oder auf ihrem weg dorthin sind , möchte ich folgende erinnerung anbieten : warten sie nicht .
so as i look around this room at people who either have achieved , or are on their way to achieving , remarkable levels of success , i would offer this reminder : don &apos;t wait .
so when i look around this room and see people who either have achieved success or achieved their success , i want to offer the memory : don &apos;t wait .
so when i look around in this room and people who either have achieved an eighth success , or on their way , i want to offer remembering memory : don &apos;t wait .

wenn sie an &quot; avatar &quot; denken , wenn sie daran denken , warum die menschen davon so berührt wurden – abgesehen von der pocahontas-geschichte , warum waren sie so berührt von der bilderwelt ?
and if you think about &quot; avatar , &quot; if you think of why people were so touched by it -- never mind the pocahontas story -- why so touched by the imagery ?
if you think about &quot; avatar , &quot; if you think about why people have been touched by this -- of the smallpox history , why were they touched by the images of the world ?
if you think of &quot; avatar , &quot; if you think about why people were touched by this -- apart from the pollhoney history , why were they touched by the image of the world ?

wenn sie sich vorstellen diese 20 millionen unterschiedlichen gene herzustellen oder diese prozesse zu optimieren um oktan herzustellen oder medikamente neue impfstoffe , wir können mit einem nur kleinen team mehr molekularbiologie verändern als die letzten 20 jahre wissenschaft .
when you think of processing these 20 million different genes or trying to optimize processes to produce octane or to produce pharmaceuticals , new vaccines , we can just with a small team , do more molecular biology than the last 20 years of all science .
if you think of these 20 million different genes , or you can create these options to create optimum drugs , or new drugs , we can only do with a small team of molecular biology more than the last 20 years .
if you imagine these 20 million different genes , or to optimize these processes to produce octopus or new vaccine vaccine , we can only change a small team of small molecular biology as the last 20 years of science .

es gibt eine forschungsrichtung die sich geoengineering nennt , die sich mit verschiedenen techniken befasst , um die erwärmung zu verzögern , damit wir 20 oder 30 jahre länger bekämen um uns zusammenzuraufen .
there is a line of research on what &apos;s called geoengineering , which are various techniques that would delay the heating to buy us 20 or 30 years to get our act together .
there &apos;s a research which is called oengineering , which is linked to different techniques , which is going to hesitate global warming , so that we can take 20 or 30 years to bring us together .
there &apos;s a research that &apos;s called geoengineering , which is using different techniques to devise global warming , so that we &apos;d run 20 or 30 years longer .

denn in dieser verbalen landschaftsbeschreibung ist der duft der blumen nicht zu riechen , der grad des grüns nur zu erahnen , das säuseln des windes nicht zu hören , nicht zu spüren .
because you can &apos;t smell the flowers in the verbal description of a landscape , you can &apos;t guess the shade of green , you can &apos;t hear or feel the whispering of the wind .
because in this connected landscape , the dumbee is not to smell the flowers , just to acknowledge the focal ajeoping of the wheel , not to feel .
because in this interconnectedness , the duty of the flower is not to smell the flower , the degree of the green , the fits of the wind doesn &apos;t listen to the wind .

damit sie sehen , wie langsam dieser mechanismus sich auflöst und wie die spuren aussehen , die er hinterlässt , die auf etwas anderes führen als auf dieses großartige bild von uns selbst , will ich ihnen eine weitere geschichte näherbringen .
to show you how slowly this mechanism disappears and to illustrate the traces it leaves , which lead to something other than this grandiose image of ourselves , i would like to share another story with you .
so you can see how slowly this mechanism spreads , and how the traces of the traces , the ones that go back to something else than this great picture of us , i want to give you another story .
so you can see how slowly this mechanism is moving , and how the traces look like the tracks that he &apos;s leaving to do something different than this great picture of us , even i want to give you another story .

aber wenn sie die form , in der sie das placebo verabreichen , zum beispiel in eine kleinere pille verändern , und diese blau färben und einen buchstaben darauf prägen , ist sie tatsächlich messbar effektiver .
but if you change the form that you give the placebo in , like you make a smaller pill , and color it blue , and stamp a letter into it , it is actually measurably more effective .
but if you give the shape you can give to the placebo , for example , a smaller pill , and these blue predators , and a letter that &apos;s focused on top of it is actually more effective .
but if you give the shape where you give the placebo , for example , to change a smaller mushroom , and these blue sticks and a letter on it , it &apos;s actually measurable .

und sie würden so sehr in das würfelspiel vertieft sein , da spiele so faszinierend sind und uns mit befriedigender , glückseliger produktivität umgeben , dass sie vergessen würden , dass es nichts zu essen gab .
and they would be so immersed in playing the dice games because games are so engaging , and immerse us in such satisfying blissful productivity , they would ignore the fact that they had no food to eat .
and they would be so much in the fields of the deep game , because games are so fascinating and satisfaction with us , happy production , that they would forgive you that there was nothing to eat .
and they would be so deeply in the worker game , because games are so fascinating and surrounded with peace , happier productivity , they would forget that there was nothing to eat .

und was ist so frustrierend und ärgerlich ist : steve levitt hat ihnen gestern darüber erzählt wie diese teurer und schwer zu installierenden kindersitze nicht helfen . es ist eine verschwendung von geld .
and what is so frustrating and infuriating is this : steve levitt talked to you yesterday about how these expensive and difficult-to-install child seats don &apos;t help . it &apos;s a waste of money .
and what &apos;s so frustrating and so frustrating , steve levitt has told them about how this expensive and hard it doesn &apos;t help it . it &apos;s a waste of money .
and what &apos;s so frustrating and angry : steve levitt has told you about how this expensive and it &apos;s hard to help instant instant children . it &apos;s a waste of money .

und es wurde eben es ist halt mit software großgeworden , aber es gibt es auch im elektronikbereich , da gibt es auch eine ganze bastlerszene , die mit elektronikschaltkreisen alle möglichen abgefahrenen sachen machen .
and it was it developed in the area of software , but it &apos;s also found in the electronics sector where you also find a whole tinkerer scene , which makes all sorts of crazy things with electrical circuits .
and it &apos;s become just software with great software , but there &apos;s also electronics , because there &apos;s a whole boreal scene with electronics , with all kinds of circles .
and it &apos;s been become software with software , but there are also electronics in the electronics , because there &apos;s also a whole bathroom scenes that make electric circuit all kinds of things .

jeder , der diese begriffe nicht unterscheidet wird die erforschung des glücks vermasseln , und ich gehöre zu einer menge von forschern über wohlbefinden , die die erforschung des glücks lange vermasselt haben auf genau diese art .
anyone who doesn &apos;t distinguish those notions is going to mess up the study of happiness , and i belong to a crowd of students of well-being , who &apos;ve been messing up the study of happiness for a long time in precisely this way .
everyone who doesn &apos;t distinguish these terms will not disturb the research of happiness , and i hear a lot of talk about the well-being research exploration of the earth &apos;s happiness for a long time .
everybody who doesn &apos;t distinguish this notion of the exploration of happiness , and i hear a lot of research on a lot of researchers about well-being , who have dedicated the research of happiness for a long time .

wir brauchen lösungen , entweder eine oder mehrere die eine unvorstellbare skalierung und unvorstellbare verlässlichkeit haben . und obwohl es viele richtungen gibt , in denen menschen danach suchen , sehe ich wirklich nur fünf , die diese großen anforderungen leisten können .
we need solutions -- either one or several -- that have unbelievable scale and unbelievable reliability , and , although there &apos;s many directions people are seeking , i really only see five that can achieve the big numbers .
we need solutions , either or a number of people who have a unimaginable and unimaginable belief , and even though there are many directions that people who are looking for , i really see five , that great demands can afford .
we need solutions , either , or several of the imaginative imagination and imaginable imagination , and even though there are many directions that are looking for people to look for , i really see just five of these big demands .

aber das ist das netteste , was passieren kann , weil dies der gruppenzwang ist , gruppenzwang , um patienten zu helfen , denn das könnte gegen fettleibigkeit eingesetzt werden , oder es könnte patienten das rauchen abgewöhnen .
but that &apos;s the nicest thing that could happen , since this is peer pressure , peer pressure used to help patients -- since this could be used for obesity , it could be used to stop smoking in patients .
but that &apos;s the most peculiar thing that can happen , because this is the feminist group , is durable , to help patients , because that could be used for obesity , or patients that could be devastating .
but this is the most networking thing that can happen , because this is the group forecast to help patients to help patients , because that could be used against obesity , or it could be used to smoke the noise .

aber als ich mit ihn telefonierte , und ihn fragte , warum er diese eingriffe machte -- es waren hoch riskante operationen -- war seine antwort , dass in seinem land , diese kinder sehr schlecht behandelt werden würden , und deshalb musste er es tun .
but when i was on the phone with him , asking why he was going to do this surgery -- this was a very high-risk surgery -- his answer was that , in this other nation , these children were going to be treated very badly , and so he had to do this .
but when i asked him with telephone , and i asked him why he did this intervention -- it was high surgeries -- his response was that his country , in his country , had to be treated very bad , very bad , and so he had to do it .
but when i asked him with phones , and he asked him why he did this intervention -- it was high risk surgery -- his answer was that in his country , these kids would be treated very bad , and so he had to do it .

das heißt wir fühlen uns so schuldig auf der erde , dass wir sagen . es gibt keinen bio-landbau , kein bioland , kein nature-et-progrès und wie sie alle heißen , die erlauben , dass unsere eigenen exkremente zurückgehen .
that means we feel so guilty on this planet , that we say , there is no organic agriculture , no bioland , no nature-et-progrès or whatever they &apos;re all called , that permits our own excrement to be put back into the cycle .
this is what we feel guilty of the world that we say . there is no bio-land , no bioluminescent , no progression , and as they all allow that our own creatures go back to our exact .
that means that we feel so guilty on earth that we say , we don &apos;t have bio-building landscapes , not a bioluminescent proof , and as they all allow us to go back to our own extent .

also wenn ich jetzt das machen die die profiler am tatort , gehen dann hin , sammeln da irgendwelche haarproben , und dann machen die diese wenden dann diese methode an , und dann können sie sagen , o.k , dieses haar gehört zu diesem menschen , so .
so when i now that &apos;s what the what profilers do at a crime scene , they go there , collect some hair samples , and then they make these implement this method , and then they can say , okay , this hair belongs to this person , like that .
so now , when i do this , the profilters of the scene go to the scene , they go out there , they collect some hacking samples , and then they turn that method , and they say , okay , this hair belongs to this hairar , so people .
so if i do this now , the profillers are going to go to the site , then collecting any samples , and then they do this method , and then they can say , you can say , ooh , this hair , this is what people are doing .

nachkommen der alten tyrannischen zivilisation , die die karibische küstenebene von kolumbien bevölkerten und in folge der eroberung zog sich dieses volk in ein isoliertes vulkanisches massiv zurück , das über der karibischen küstenebene aufsteigt .
descendants of the ancient tairona civilization which once carpeted the caribbean coastal plain of colombia , in the wake of the conquest , these people retreated into an isolated volcanic massif that soars above the caribbean coastal plain .
afterwards , the old tyrannical civilization , the cartoons of coast-coled colombia , and in the conquest of the census , this empire came into a volcanic edge that goes back across the coast of the coastal level .
now , the old tyrannranian civilization , the cartoons of colonists of colombia , and in the order of the consequence of this people moved back into a isolated volcanic volcanic canic , goes back over the caribbean level .

ich bin froh sagen zu können , dass wir diese zustände nicht haben -- ein chirurg mit dem ich vor ein paar jahren sprach , der ein paar siamesische zwillinge mit sich hergebracht hatte , um sie zu trennen , teilweise um sich einen namen zu machen .
i &apos;m glad to say we don &apos;t have the kind of situation with -- a surgeon i talked to a few years ago who had brought over a set of conjoined twins in order to separate them , partly to make a name for himself .
i &apos;m glad to say that we can &apos;t have these conditions -- a surgeon that i spoke to a few years ago , who had brought a pair of threshold with a pair of lacks to divide them , to make a split names .
i &apos;m glad to say that we don &apos;t have these circumstances -- a surgeon that i talked to a few years ago that had brought a couple of siamic twins with herself to separate them together to make a name .

was wäre , wenn sie die spermien und eizellen oder das frisch befruchtete ei verändern könnten , um ihren kindern eine bessere chance für ein gesünderes leben zu geben - beseitigung der diabetes , beseitigen die hämophilie , das risiko von krebs reduzieren ?
what if you could change the sperm and the ova , or change the newly fertilized egg , and give your offspring a better chance at a healthier life -- eliminate the diabetes , eliminate the hemophilia , reduce the risk of cancer ?
what if you could change the sperm and eighteen cells or the frog in order to give their children a better chance of giving it a healthy life -- the diabetes , the defeated , the chophilarious risk of cancer , what do they reduce ?
what if they could change the mimics and eggs or the frog , or the frozen fruit , to give their children a better chance to give a better chance for a healthy life -- the iron diabetes , diabetes , the ugly poor risk of aid , the risk of cancer ?

indem er musik spielte und über musik sprach , war aus diesem paranoiden , verwirrten mann , der eben noch durch die straßen von los angeles gezogen war , ein liebenswerter , gebildeter , ausgezeichneter , in juilliard ausgebildeter musiker geworden .
and through playing music and talking about music , this man had transformed from the paranoid , disturbed man that had just come from walking the streets of downtown los angeles to the charming , erudite , brilliant , juilliard-trained musician .
by playing music and talking about music , from this paranoian , confused , the man , who had just moved through the streets of los angeles , a commercial , deformed , deformed , restored , restored in juvenilliter musicians .
by playing music and talking about music , from this paranoid , confused man , who had just moved through the streets of los angeles , a roundant , destructive , destructive , nearby jet , in juicer musicians .

in unserem wunsch , die menschen zu schützen , die uns am herzen liegen und ihnen die kalte , harte wahrheit über ihre medizinische prognose mitzuteilen oder sogar eine prognose zur lebensqualität zu stellen , die sie erwartet , müssen wir aufpassen , dass wir nicht den grundstein dafür legen , dass jemand tatsächlich behindert ist .
in our desire to protect those we care about by giving them the cold , hard truth about their medical prognosis , or , indeed , a prognosis on the expected quality of their life , we have to make sure that we don &apos;t put the first brick in a wall that will actually disable someone .
in our wish , the people who protect us from the hearts and the calendar , the truth is that their medical personality , even a prosthetic limb to provide the quality of life that we need to adapt to the core that we &apos;re not going to fit for somebody else .
in our wish to protect people who are in the heart of hearts , and the calcium , the truth of their medical proposal , or even a proper capital to the quality of life that we need to adapt , that we don &apos;t really care about the fundamental stone for it .

nun , nicht genau das , was ich mir erhofft hatte , doch ich ging los -- die treppen hoch , den flur entlang , an den &quot; echten &quot; feuerwehrmännern vorbei , die zu diesem zeitpunkt mit dem löschen schon so ziemlich fertig waren , in das schlafzimmer um ein paar schuhe zu holen .
so , not exactly what i was hoping for , but off i went -- up the stairs , down the hall , past the &apos; real &apos; firefighters , who were pretty much done putting out the fire at this point , into the master bedroom to get a pair of shoes .
now , not exactly what i had hoped i was hoping , but i went up -- the stakeholders , along along the real way , &quot; the real fire men , &quot; which had already been finished at that time , pretty much , had already been done in the room to make a pair of shoes up .
now , not exactly what i was hoping to me , but i went down -- the stairs , the flur , up , along the &quot; the real firemen , &quot; the firemen that were already done with this kind of sleep at this point where they were quite ready to get a couple of shoes .

das ist , wenn man einen laserstrahl fokussiert , auf einen im raum , dann kann man damit kleine partikel einfangen in der luft oder in in der flüssigkeit und dann in diesem fokus bewegen , also , der ist dann da eingefangen , also wie so ein wie so ein traktorbeamstrahl im prinzip .
this is when you focus a laser beam on a in a space , and then you can catch little particles in the air with it or in in liquid and then move them in this focus , so , they &apos;re then trapped in there , so it &apos;s basically like a tractor beam .
so this is what you &apos;re looking at when you &apos;re focusing on a beam , you can catch a space , so you can get little particles in the air , or in the liquid , and you move in this focus , so the focus is captured , so there &apos;s a trajectory , so it &apos;s like a torque basically a jury basically .
so this is , if you focus a laser , on a room , you can catch little particles in the room , or you can move little particles into the air or in the air , and then you move into this liquid , and then the focus , and then it &apos;s tied , so it &apos;s like a knee in the principle .

ich hatte angst , nicht meinetwegen , sondern ich hatte angst , dass ich ihn verlieren könnte , dass er in einen seiner zustände versinken könnte und dass ich ihm seine beziehung zur geige zerstören könnte , wenn ich anfing , über tonleitern und arpeggios und andere aufregende formen der didaktischen geigenpädagogik zu reden .
and i was afraid , not for myself , but i was afraid that i was going to lose him , that he was going to sink into one of his states , and that i would ruin his relationship with the violin if i started talking about scales and arpeggios and other exciting forms of didactic violin pedagogy .
i was scared of fear , not because of my fear , but i was afraid that i could lose it in one of his circumstances that i could destroy his relationship and i could destroy his relationship to the spirits when i started to talk about anxious skirts and pediatric forms of excellence .
i was afraid that i was scared , not because i was afraid that i could lose it , that he could sink it in his circumstances and that i could destroy his relationship to mind if i could destroy him about brighteen and pearos and other forms of the godges of gok .

ich würde gerne geradewegs einen der originalen datensätze von noah zeigen und das ist von einem frühen prototyp von photosynth an dem wir erstmals im sommer gearbeitet haben , um ihnen das zu zeigen , wovon ich glaube , dass es wirklich die pointe hinter dieser technologie , der photosynth-technologie ist . und dies ist nicht unbedingt so offensichtlich , wenn man die umgebungen betrachtet , die wir auf der website haben .
i would like to jump straight to one of noah &apos;s original data-sets -- and this is from an early prototype of photosynth that we first got working in the summer -- to show you what i think is really the punch line behind this technology , the photosynth technology . and it &apos;s not necessarily so apparent from looking at the environments that we &apos;ve put up on the website .
i &apos;d like to show you some of the original data of original sentences of noah , and this is from a early prototype of photosynth , where we &apos;ve been working on the summer in the summer in the summer to show you that i really believe that the original technology behind this technology is the photosynthetic technology of the technology , and this is not necessarily the environments that we have on the site .
i &apos;d like to show you an original database of noah data , and this is from a early photosynth of synth synth , where we first worked in the summer , to show you what i think it &apos;s really the power of this technology that &apos;s really behind this technology , and that &apos;s not necessarily the photosynthesities that we look at .

und wir unternehmen eine reihe von reisen in die ethnosphäre , auf denen wir unser publikum zu orten von solch kulturellen wundern mitnehmen , dass sie von dem gesehenen geblendet werden. und hoffentlich , werden sie einer nach dem anderen die zentrale offenbarung der anthropologie annehmen : dass diese welt es verdient hat , auf verschiedene weisen zu existieren , dass wir eine lebensmöglichkeit in einer wirklich multikulturellen pluralistischen welt finden können , bei der die weisheit von allen menschen zu unserem gemeinsamen wohlbefinden beitragen kann .
and what we &apos;re doing is a series of journeys to the ethnosphere where we &apos;re going to take our audience to places of such cultural wonder that they cannot help but come away dazzled by what they have seen , and hopefully , therefore , embrace gradually , one by one , the central revelation of anthropology : that this world deserves to exist in a diverse way , that we can find a way to live in a truly multicultural , pluralistic world where all of the wisdom of all peoples can contribute to our collective well-being .
and we &apos;re going to travel and we &apos;re going to travel a number of companies into the ethnic sphere that we &apos;re going to take our audience to such places like this , that they &apos;re going to be an enormous amount of wisdom , and hopefully , and hopefully they &apos;re going to be one of the other primarily of the anthropology , that the world has acknowledged to be able to exist in a very different way , that we can actually find a world of humanity around the world .
and we have a series of companies in the ethnosphere , where we &apos;re taking our audience from such cultural wells , that they &apos;re dependent on the paralyzed , and hopefully they &apos;re going to be able to be able to think of another central anthropologist in the world , that there &apos;s a way to exist in different ways that we can truly exist in a cultural environment that can be able to contribute in all of the world .

wie kann ich in zehn minuten über die verbundenheit zwischen frauen über drei generationen sprechen , und wie die erstaunliche stärke dieser verbundenheit sich im leben eines vierjährigen mädchens manifestierte , als sie vor über 30 jahren mit ihrer kleinen schwester , ihrer mutter und ihrer großmutter fünf tage und nächte lang zusammengekauert in einem kleinen boot im chinesischen meer saß . eine verbundenheit , die sich im leben dieses kleinen mädchens fest verankerte und nie mehr verschwand – dieses kleinen mädchens , das nun in san francisco lebt und heute vor ihnen spricht ?
how can i speak in 10 minutes about the bonds of women over three generations , about how the astonishing strength of those bonds took hold in the life of a four-year-old girl huddled with her young sister , her mother and her grandmother for five days and nights in a small boat in the china sea more than 30 years ago , bonds that took hold in the life of that small girl and never let go -- that small girl now living in san francisco and speaking to you today ?
spend five years in front of this little girl who lives in front of her mother , and she loves to live in a little girl , and she loves to talk to her mother about three years ago , and she lovers her life in a small , and she loves about three years ago , and she can &apos;t keep her life in the dark , and she can live in the dark , like she &apos;s having a child in front of a baby , and she &apos;s living in the dark , and unwanted to talk to talk about her father of a baby , and she &apos;s been like , and she &apos;s not in a little boys who can now talk to live in front of her mother &apos;s been fought to talk to live in front of she &apos;s life today , live seven years ago , how she &apos;s dying of she &apos;s been like this little girls , and she &apos;s living in a little girls like a little girls , and live on a little girl in the stakes , and she &apos;s
now , the women in the middle of the humility can live over one of their little women , and the sights of their sidewalk over the age of four years ago , and they can live in a little bit more than five years ago , and the women in the middle of their humility , the age of their humility , the age of their family , and they can live in the middle of one of their family , and i can &apos;t live in the middle of her family , over 10 years ago , as a little bit of her family , as a little bit of her family , as a little bit of her family , and in her family , and now , the women can live in a little bit of her family , a little , have a little bit of her family , a little , a little bit of her family , a little bit more than four years ago , and have a little , and a little , and a little bit more than four years ago

