ja ?
have you ?
yes ?
yes ?

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

danke .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

ich bin tom .
i &apos;m tom .
i &apos;m tom .
i &apos;m tom .

völlig ineffizient .
totally inefficient .
completely inefficient .
completely inefficient .

ich kann helfen .
i can help you .
i can help .
i can help .

mache einfach deinen job .
just do your job .
just do your job .
just make your job .

aber wissen sie was ?
but you know what ?
but you know what ?
but do you know what ?

was brauchen diese menschen ?
what will these people want ?
what do these people need ?
what do these people need ?

und das verstehe ich .
and i understand that .
and that &apos;s what i understand .
and i understand that .

oh . einen moment .
huh . hang on a moment .
oh . a moment .
oh . a moment .

nach nur einer reise dorthin .
after only one trip .
after just a journey .
after just a journey .

okay , ein paar mehr .
okay , a bit more .
okay , some more .
okay , some more .

wer wird es sicherstellen ?
who &apos;s going to be sure ?
who &apos;s going to make it safe ?
who &apos;s going to make it safe ?

es ist nicht unser problem .
it &apos;s not our problem .
it &apos;s not our problem .
it &apos;s not our problem .

die sehen dann so aus .
they sort of go like this .
this is what it looks like .
they look like this .

er ging auf und ab .
he kept pacing back and forth .
he went down and went down .
he went down and down .

und hier ist eine überraschung :
and here is a surprise .
and here &apos;s a surprise .
and here &apos;s a surprise .

es war ein riesiger erfolg .
and it was a huge success .
it was a huge success .
it was a huge success .

ich sehe dieses pluszeichen .
i see this plus sign .
i see this signs .
i see this plussion .

das ist cool , nicht wahr ?
that &apos;s cool , huh ?
that &apos;s cool , isn &apos;t it ?
that &apos;s cool , isn &apos;t it ?

das ist eine menge volumen .
this is a lot of volume .
that &apos;s a lot of volume .
this is a lot of volume .

und wir sind sehr glücklich darüber .
we can apply these things to other examples .
and we &apos;re very happy about this .
and we &apos;re very happy about it .

am morgen , vor dem spiel .
it &apos;s morning , before the match .
on the morning , before the game .
the morning , before the game .

wir alle lieben baseball , oder ?
we all love baseball , don &apos;t we ?
we all love baseball , right ?
we all love baseball , right ?

aber wir brauchen das insgesamt .
but we need this everywhere .
but we need the whole thing .
but we need the whole thing .

ich bin ins gefängnis gegangen -- schwierig .
i went to prison -- difficult .
i went to jail -- difficult .
i went to prison -- hard .

diese werden unwiderstehlich sein .
these will be irresistible .
these will be discontradiction .
these are going to be unresistant .

auf das buch und auf das bild .
to the book and to the image .
on the book and on the image .
on the book and on the image .

oh , meine zeit ist schon vorbei ?
oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
oh , my time is over ?
oh , my time is over ?

wir haben ein paar preise gewonnen .
we &apos;ve won a bunch of awards .
we won some prices .
we won a few prizes .

das ist nicht unbedingt etwas schlechtes .
now , that &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
it &apos;s not necessarily bad .
that &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .

fantastisch ! diese maschine ist ziemlich laut .
amazing ! the machinery is kind of loud .
fantastic ! this machine is pretty loud .
fantastic ! this machine is pretty loud .

das hier wird vielleicht öffentlich übertragen .
i know this might be broadcast broadly .
this is probably what &apos;s going to be a publicly leashes .
this is maybe going to be open to the public .

sagen sie das , was sie empfinden .
say what you feel .
tell them what they feel .
tell you what you feel .

die sind alles einnehmende fragen .
all of these are consuming questions .
they are all invite questions .
they &apos;re all assuming questions .

da kam jimmy kimmel .
jimmy kimmel actually .
there was jimmy kima .
there was jimmy kimmula .

der mechanismus stammt aus der lüge .
the mechanism comes from the lie .
the mechanism is from the gap .
the mechanism comes from the lie .

aber heute sind wir weit jenseits dessen .
but today , it goes beyond that .
but today we are far beyond that .
but today we &apos;re far beyond this .

tempt ist heute vollständig gelähmt .
so tempt is now completely paralyzed .
tempt is completely paralyzed today .
tempt is completely paralyzed today .

weil wir keine gene herumschieben wollen ?
because we don &apos;t want to move genes around ?
because we don &apos;t want to shoot genes ?
because we don &apos;t want to shoot around ?

es kommt alles aus unseren eigenen taschen .
it &apos;s all coming out of our own pockets .
it &apos;s all coming out of our own pockets .
it &apos;s all coming out of our own pockets .

er wollte einfach nur einen regenbogen teilen ,
he just wanted to share a rainbow .
he just wanted to share a rainbow .
he just wanted to share a rainbow .

zwei minuten später passierten drei dinge gleichzeitig .
two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
two minutes later , three things happened .
two minutes later , three things at the same time .

es ist die durchschnittsleistung des schlägers .
it &apos;s called batting average .
it &apos;s the average performance of the bat .
it &apos;s the average performance of the bat .

das neue chromosom ging in die zelle .
the new chromosome went into the cell .
the new chromosome went into the cell .
the new chromosome went into the cell .

wenn sie erdgas verbrennen : nein .
if you burn natural gas , no .
if you burn natural gas , no .
if you burn natural gas : no .

es ist die mächtigste menschliche eigenschaft .
it &apos;s the most powerful thing you own .
it &apos;s the most powerful human trait .
it &apos;s the most powerful human property .

meine mutter bat uns , ihre hand anzufassen .
my mother asked us to feel her hand .
my mother asked us to touch her hand .
my mother asked us to touch their hand .

motoren , getriebe -- vier möglichkeiten .
engines , gearshift -- four choices .
motors , gears -- four possibilities .
motors , gear -- four possibilities .

da hinten sitzt jemand , der keine kindheit hatte .
someone who didn &apos;t have a childhood is out there .
there &apos;s somebody sitting there who didn &apos;t have childhood .
there &apos;s somebody sitting in the back who had no childhood .

es kann ein reihenfolge von veränderungen geben .
you can have a succession of changes .
there can be a consequence of change .
there can be a series of changes .

es ist so , wie ich gerne sein möchte .
it &apos;s like , who do i want to be ?
it &apos;s the way i &apos;d like to be .
it &apos;s like i want to be .

dass unser beitrag zum system das wählen ist .
that our input to the system of government is voting .
that our contribution to the system is to vote .
that our contribution is to the system .

sie soll also von außen zum menschen hinzukommen .
we are supposed to view it as something that must be present in our lives .
so it &apos;s supposed to come from the outside of people .
so she &apos;s supposed to come from the outside of people .

schauen wir uns stattdessen das ökologische modell an .
instead , let &apos;s look to the ecological model .
instead , let &apos;s look at the ecological model .
instead , let &apos;s look at the ecological model .

in den ländern , wo die leute zu geld kommen .
in those countries where people have money .
in the countries where people come to money .
in the countries where people come to money .

ja , also , was soll biohacking sein ?
yes , so , what is biohacking ?
yeah , so what should biohacking be ?
yeah , so , what should biohack be ?

all das zusammengefasst sind fehler unvermeidbar .
given all of that , mistakes are inevitable .
all of these things are inevitable .
all of these things are inevitable .

und sie fragen : was passiert mit diesen momenten ?
and you can ask : what happens to these moments ?
and they ask : what happens to these moments ?
and you ask : what happens to these moments ?

und in meiner jugendlichkeit sagte ich , erwartung .
and , being young , i said , expectation .
and in my teenage , i said , expectation .
and in my youth , i said , expectancy .

oder sind sie eher ein down-attribut ?
or are you more of a down attribute ?
or are they more like a downhill ?
or are they more like a downtown ?

emc präsentiert &quot; heißen sie transparenz willkommen &quot;
emc presents : &quot; embrace transparency . &quot;
emc : &quot; you &apos;re welcome transparency . &quot;
empic presents &quot; they &apos;re going to be transparency . &quot;

der unterwasser-teil stammt aus einem steinbruch .
the underwater part was captured in a stone pit .
the underwater part comes from a stone age .
the underwater part is from a stone breakdown .

dazu gibt es glücklicherweise jetzt auch eine ganze menge studien .
thankfully many studies are being carried out on this topic .
now , there &apos;s also a lot of studies on this .
there &apos;s also a lot of studies now .

es ist recht , moral , patentkram .
it &apos;s law , it &apos;s morality , it &apos;s patent stuff .
it &apos;s right , morality , patent-m .
it &apos;s right , morality , patch .

nun , es stellt sich heraus , dass sie recht haben .
now it turns out you &apos;re right .
well , it turns out they &apos;re right .
well , it turns out they &apos;re right .

denken sie darüber nach . dieser angriff ist generisch .
think about this : this attack is generic .
think about that . this reef is generic .
think about it . this attack is generic .

tatsächlich ist es noch viel gefährlicher und aggressiver .
it actually is much more dangerous and aggressive .
in fact , it &apos;s much more dangerous and more dangerous .
in fact , it &apos;s much more dangerous and aggressive .

aber dies sind alle straßen in den u.s.a .
but those are all the roads in the u.s .
but these are all the streets in the u.s. .
but these are all roads in the united states .

und es ist auch tief in unseren leben verwurzelt .
and it &apos;s also deeply embedded in our lives .
and it &apos;s also deeply rooted in our lives .
and it &apos;s also deep in our lives .

sind sie achtsam und mondän wie 007 ?
are you mindful , sophisticated like 007 ?
are you mindfulness and monsoon as 7 ?
are they eight and monkeys like seven ?

wie beurteilt man menschen aufgrund ihrer charaktereigenschaften ?
how do you judge people based on the content of character ?
how do you judge people based on their character ?
how do you emphasize people because of their characteristics ?

ich glaube , das ist es , was wir ändern müssen .
and i think that &apos;s the orientation that we have to change .
i think that &apos;s what we need to change .
i think that &apos;s what we need to change .

aber das war nicht das ende der beutelratten .
but that wasn &apos;t the end of the opossums .
but that wasn &apos;t the end of the thylacine .
but that wasn &apos;t the end of the canvas .

ein &quot; manhattan projekt &quot; ? wie kommen wir ans ziel ?
is it a manhattan project ? what &apos;s the thing that can get us there ?
a manhattan project ? how do we get to the goal ?
a &quot; manhattan project &quot; ? how do we come to the goal ?

alles , was im leben schön ist , ist nicht effizient .
everything that &apos;s nice in life is not efficient .
everything that &apos;s beautiful in life is not efficient .
everything that &apos;s beautiful in life is not efficient .

was werden sie konsumieren ? was werden sie begehren ?
what will they consume ? what will they desire ?
what are you going to consume ? what are you going to be ?
what are you going to consume ? what are you going to do ?

frosty , der kohlenmann wird jeden tag sauberer .
frosty the coal man is getting cleaner everyday .
frozen , the carbon man is cleaned every day .
frosty , the carbon man will be cleaned every day .

allerdings war das in den achtiziger jahren nicht so .
but it wasn &apos;t like that in the eighties .
however , that was not like that in the azi years .
but it wasn &apos;t that in the awesome years .

es gibt eine menge geschichten darüber , warum wir dies getan haben .
there are a lot of stories about why we did this .
there &apos;s a lot of stories about why we &apos;ve done this .
there &apos;s a lot of stories about why we did this .

was ist dieser neue zustand , den die welt langsam annimmt ?
what &apos;s that new state that the world is heading toward ?
what is this new state that takes the world slowly ?
what is this new state that takes the world slowly ?

zehn minuten später kündigte der richter eine pause an .
about 10 minutes later the judge said we would take a break .
ten minutes later , the judge decided to break a judge .
ten minutes later , the judge announced a break .

und auch , was sie sich heute im geiste denken würden .
and also anything they would conjure up in their minds today .
and also , what would you think in the spirit today ?
and also , what would you think in the mind today .

nun , ihr erlebendes selbst wird nicht glücklicher werden .
well , their experiencing self is not going to get happier .
well , your life itself is not going to be happier .
well , your life is not going to be happier .

spieler sind meister im spinnen dichter sozialer netze .
gamers are virtuosos at weaving a tight social fabric .
these are subjects in the field of dense social networks .
players are mayor in spider social networks .

und ich denke es sorgt dafür , dass die welt so aussieht .
and i think it makes the world look like this .
and i think it &apos;s worried that the world looks like this .
and i think it &apos;s because the world looks like this .

und dann könnten die leute das essen und würden nicht blind werden .
and then people would be able to eat it and they &apos;d be able to not go blind .
and then people could eat this and not be blinded .
and then people could eat that , and they wouldn &apos;t be blind .

und ein teil des eises ist mehr als 100.000 jahre alt .
and some of the ice is over 100,000 years old .
and part of the ice is more than 100,000 years old .
and part of the egg is more than 100,000 years old .

ich werde euch also ganz genau zeigen , was ich mitgebracht habe .
so i &apos;m going to show you exactly what i brought .
so i &apos;m going to show you exactly what i brought .
so i &apos;m going to show you very carefully what i &apos;ve done .

das hält uns bei der stange und lässt uns immer weiter entwickeln .
that &apos;s what keeps us going and keeps us developing .
that keeps us going on and makes us continue to evolve .
that keeps us in the distant and lets us evolve and keep us evolving .

es sind dieselben informationen . es ist die gleiche anzahl von möglichkeiten .
it &apos;s the same information . it &apos;s the same number of choices .
it &apos;s the same information . it &apos;s the same number of possibilities .
it &apos;s the same information . it &apos;s the same number of possibilities .

immer mehr menschen kamen herein , einfach weil sie wütend waren ,
and people started coming in because they were just outraged .
more and more people would come in , because they were angry .
more and more people came in , just because they were angry .

dies ist die quelle der meisten kohle in west virginia .
this is the source of much of the coal in west virginia .
this is the source of most coal in west virginia .
this is the source of most coal in west virginia .

und als allgemeinen begriff können wir dafür das wort intersexualität verwenden .
and as a general term , we can use the term intersex for this .
and as a general term , we can use the word for sexuality .
and as a general term , we can use the word of internality .

man geht um den block und nimmt es als offenbarung war .
you &apos;ve just got to go around the block to see it as an epiphany .
you go to the block and you take it as a revelation .
you &apos;re about the block , and you take it as an openness .

und die haben das mit so genannten lead-landkarten gemacht .
and they did this using so-called lead maps .
and they did it with something called the lead-based maps .
and they did it with this kind of called lead-land maps .

dieses bild zum beispiel hat etwa 10 milliarden bildpunkte , glaube ich .
so this image , for example , has close to , i think , around 10 billion pixels .
this picture , for example , has about 10 billion points , i think .
for example , this picture has about 10 billion imagery , i think .

es war immer so inspirierend , so beflügelnd .
it would be so energizing and so empowering .
it was always so inspiring , so refugee .
it was always so inspiring , so refugee .

und ich bin mir nicht so sicher , ob sie wirklich dabeibleiben .
and i &apos;m not so sure they &apos;re going to stick with it .
and i &apos;m not sure they really stick with me .
and i &apos;m not so sure if you really stay in .

nun , was hat das mit dem placebo-effekt zu tun ?
now , what does that have to do with the placebo effect ?
now , what does that have to do with placebo ?
well , what has that to do with the placebo effect ?

wir haben also ein gerät erschaffen , das komplett frei von beschränkungen ist .
and now we &apos;ve created a device that has absolutely no limitations .
so we &apos;ve created a device that &apos;s completely free of limits .
so we &apos;ve created a device that &apos;s completely free .

daher kommen die dramatischen hohen zahlen bei den gefängnisinsassen .
that &apos;s where the dramatic increases have come in our prison population .
so the dramatic numbers come down at the prisons .
that &apos;s why the dramatic numbers come to the prison council .

und irgendwie müssen wir veränderungen hervorbringen , die das auf null senken .
and , somehow , we have to make changes that will bring that down to zero .
and somehow we need to bring change to zero seniors .
and somehow we need to change changes that &apos;s going to go down to zero .

also ermöglicht das zusammenspielen das wachsen von bindungen , vertrauen und miteinander .
and so , playing a game together actually builds up bonds and trust and cooperation .
so it allows the interaction to grow from binary , trust and with each other .
so this allows us to play together by binds , trust , trust and each other .

man sammelt informationen über das stück in der sekundärliteratur .
you collect information about the piece in secondary literature .
you collect information about the play in the secondary literature .
you collect information about the piece in the sixth literature .

sprecher 8 : tsunamiwarnung . sprecher 9 : cyber-attacken
tsunami warning . cyber-attacks .
eighty-eight tsunami . cyberwar : cyberattacks
eight : tsunamidor warning . cyberattacks

wenn man wiedergutmachung leistet und den fehler niemals wieder macht .
and you make amends and you never make that mistake again .
if you do restoration and never make mistakes again .
if you take repetition and make the error never again .

und zu schauen , wie verarbeiten wir informationen , wie nehmen wir informationen auf ?
and to see how we process information , how do we absorb information ?
and to look at how we process information , how do we take information ?
and look , how do we work information , how do we take information ?

und da sagt er , na ja , ich bin bei der feuerwehr .
and then he said , well , i &apos;m with the fire brigade .
and there he says , well , i &apos;m at the fire department .
and there he says , well , i &apos;m in the fireflies .

das human genome project begann im jahr 1990 und es dauerte 13 jahre .
the human genome project started in 1990 , and it took 13 years .
the genome project started in 1990 , and it took 13 years .
the human genome project started in 1990 , and it took 13 years .

wenn wir vorausblicken , werden diese art von veränderungen zunehmend möglich sein .
if we look ahead , these kind of changes are going to be increasingly possible .
if we &apos;re going to predict , these kinds of changes will be increasingly possible .
if we look forward , these kinds of change will be increasingly possible .

so sind die hammerköpfe im klavier die fortsetzung meiner finger .
so the hammerheads in the piano are the extensions of my fingers .
so these are the hammerheads in the piano of my fingers .
so the hammer heads are in the piano of my fingers .

und es sitzt dort und brennt 60 jahre lang und dann ist es fertig .
and it just sits there and burns for the 60 years , and then it &apos;s done .
and it &apos;s sitting there and it &apos;s burning for 60 years , and then it &apos;s done .
and it &apos;s sitting there and burn for 60 years , and then it &apos;s finished .

wahrscheinlich kannten sie sogar die schuhgröße des maschinenbedieners .
they probably even know the shoe size of the operator .
probably , they even knew the height of the machine service .
they probably knew the size of the machine system .

und zwar möchte ich dies auf der zeitskala des lebens der erde anschauen .
so the time scale that i would like to look at this on is the time scale of life on earth .
and i would like to look at this on the timeline of life on earth .
and that &apos;s what i want to look at this on the time-scale of life in the world .

sexspiele sind also verbreitet , sowohl bei bonobos als auch bei menschen .
so sex play is common in both bonobos and humans .
so sex games are distributed , both bonobos and people .
so sex games are spread , both with bonobos as well as humans .

ermöglicht es die chemie diese wirklich großen moleküle zu erstellen was noch nie zuvor gemacht wurde ?
can chemistry permit making these really large molecules where we &apos;ve never been before ?
is it possible to create the chemistry of these really large molecules that have never been done before ?
does it allow the chemistry to make these really large molecules , what was never done before ?

oder &quot; wie war ihre reise nach albanien ? &quot; oder so ähnlich .
or &quot; how was your trip to albania ? &quot; or something like that .
or &quot; what was your journey after albania ? &quot; or something like that .
or &quot; how was their journey after albanian ? &quot; &quot; or something like that .

sie schaut ihn an und sagt : &quot; ich bin hier für super-sex . &quot;
she looks at him and says , &quot; i &apos;m here for super sex . &quot;
she looks at him and says , &quot; i &apos;m here for supersex . &quot;
she looks at him and says , &quot; i &apos;m here for supersex . &quot;

ein bürger half einem anderen bürger , aber die regierung spielte hier eine zentrale rolle .
so one citizen helped another citizen , but government played a key role here .
a citizen helped a different citizen , but the government here played a central role .
a citizen helped another citizen , but the government played a central role here .

und ich versprach zurück zu kommen , um ihnen zu erklären wie die maschine funktioniert .
and i promised to come back and give you an update on how that machine worked .
and i promised to come back to you how the machine works .
and i promised to come back to you to explain how the machine works .

in diesem staat sterben etwa 24.000 kanadier an umgänglichen fehlern .
in this country , as many as 24,000 canadians die of preventable medical errors .
in this state , about 24,000 canadians are dying of nothing .
in this state , there &apos;s about 24,000 canadians dying in this state .

aber auf &quot; citizens connect &quot; ist alles öffentlich , so dass jeder es sehen kann .
but on citizens connect everything is public , so everybody can see this .
but on &quot; fierce &quot; , everything is so public that everybody can see it .
but it &apos;s all available in &quot; &#91; &quot; &#93; personal &quot; &#93; everything is so that everybody can see it .

aber eben immer immer der der ansatz , dass es halt einfach und zugänglich sein soll .
the first project that we did as an international group , when we became aware of ourselves , you might say , okay we exist as a real <<unk>> scene <<unk>> , and we &apos;re online , and we we know the people who are always chatting there and everything .
but it &apos;s always the idea that it should just be accessible and accessible .
but it &apos;s always the approach that it &apos;s just going to be available and accessible .

und als er geboren wurde , sah er wie ein junge aus - niemand ahnte etwas .
and he was born looking like a boy -- nobody suspected anything .
and when he was born , he looked like a young boy -- no one had ever seen anything .
and when he was born , he saw a boy like a boy -- nobody had something .

littlebits sind elektronische module , die eine spezifische funktion haben .
littlebits are electronic modules with each one specific function .
littes are electronic module , which have a specific function .
littleys are electronic module that have a specific function .

und es sind mittlerweile hunderte von tausenden von menschen , die das spiel online gespielt haben .
and it &apos;s literally , hundreds of thousands of people came online and started playing it .
and it &apos;s now hundreds of thousands of people who &apos;ve played the game online .
and it &apos;s now hundreds of thousands of people who played the game online .

sie verwenden online-angriffe , um viel geld zu verdienen , einen riesigen haufen geld .
they use online attacks to make lots of money , and lots and lots of it .
they use online attacks to earn a lot of money , a huge amount of money .
they use online attacks to make a lot of money , a huge amount of money .

und das verändert radikal die interaktion , die wir menschen mit unserer umwelt draußen haben .
and that is radically changing the interaction we have as humans with the environment out there .
and that changes the radical interaction that we have with people out of our environment .
and that changes radical interaction that we have with our environment outside .

und trotzdem enden 46 % aller tötungsdelikte nicht mit einer verhaftung .
and yet , 46 percent of all homicide cases don &apos;t result in arrest .
and yet 46 percent of every fatal deadly won &apos;t be able to cope with a replacement .
and yet 46 percent of all the daughters don &apos;t deal with a devastating .

diese kleinen öltröpfchen waren im sinne die primitivste zellenform .
and those were the most primitive forms of cells in a sense , those little drops of oil .
these little oil spills were the most primitive cell form .
these little oil spills were the most primitive cell form .

also die es hat nicht die gleiche effizienz , aber es ist im prinzip halt machbar .
so the it &apos;s not as efficient , but it &apos;s basically doable .
so it doesn &apos;t have the same efficiency , but it &apos;s basically practical .
so it doesn &apos;t have the same efficiency , but it &apos;s basically able to do it .

genau wie bei &quot; double rainbow &quot; scheint es aus den nichts gekommen zu sein .
and similar to &quot; double rainbow , &quot; it seems to have just sprouted up out of nowhere .
just like the ones of &quot; the black bow &quot; seems to be nothing .
just like , &quot; raw bow , &quot; it seems to be nothing out of it .

es ist ein online-spiel , in dem sie eine ölknappheit überwinden müssen .
this is an online game in which you try to survive an oil shortage .
it &apos;s an online game where you have to overcome a oil spill .
it &apos;s a online game where you have to overcome a oil spill .

nimmt man sie fort , kehren die krankheiten zurück , schreckliche krankheiten , und das passiert gerade .
you take them away , disease comes back , horrible diseases . and that &apos;s happening .
take them once , the diseases go back , terrible diseases , and that &apos;s happening right now .
you take them away , reverse diseases , terrible diseases , and that &apos;s happening right now .

dies ist eine darstellung ihres gehirns . ihr gehirn kann in zwei hälften unterteilt werden .
this is a representation of your brain , and your brain can be broken into two parts .
this is a representation of your brain . your brain can be divided into two sections .
this is a representation of your brain . your brain can be shared in two areas .

also , was wir auf einem globalen level machen müssen , ist , ein neues system zu schaffen .
and so , what we &apos;re going to have to do at a global scale , is create a new system .
so what we need to do on a global level is to create a new system .
so what we need to do on a global level is to create a new system .

lassen sie mich ihnen also jetzt hulc vorstellen -- oder den human universal load carrier .
so let me now introduce to you hulc -- or the human universal load carrier .
so let me introduce you to hc here today -- or the focus of all the general social .
so let me introduce you now , hulc -- or human rights carcard carta .

und so -- hier steht : &quot; diese box gehört ... &quot; da schreibe ich meinen namen .
and so -- it says , &quot; this box belongs to ... &quot; and so i type in my name .
and so here -- it says , &quot; this box belongs ... &quot; i write my name .
and so -- here &apos;s , &quot; this box ... &quot; i write my name .

wir können sie dazu bekommen , dinge zu tun , von denen sie dachten , sie könnten es nicht .
we can get them to do things that they don &apos;t think they can do .
we can get them to do things that they thought they couldn &apos;t do .
we can get them to do things that they thought they could not .

sie haben bereits ein baugrundstück ; und sie erwägen bereits diese fläche für die zweite stadt .
they &apos;ve got a site ; they &apos;re already thinking about this site for the second city .
you &apos;ve already got a building block , and you &apos;ve got these tools for the second town .
you &apos;ve already got a building . and you mention this area for the second city .

und das fängt wirklich mit einer grundlegenden reaktion auf unsere erinnerungen an -- es fängt sofort an .
and that really starts with a basic response of our memories -- it starts immediately .
and that really starts with a fundamental reaction to our memories -- it starts immediately .
and this really starts with a fundamental reaction on our memories -- it starts immediately .

ich denke , dass dieser erfolgs-druck unsere künstler der letzten 500 jahre vernichtet hat .
and i think the pressure of that has been killing off our artists for the last 500 years .
i think that this success pressure has given our artists to the last 500 years .
i think that this success that our artists have taken over the last 500 years .

alles was man sagen muss ist &quot; bildet wörter &quot; und sie wissen genau , was zu tun ist .
all you have to say is , &quot; make words , &quot; and they know exactly what to do .
all you have to say is &quot; words , &quot; and you know exactly what to do .
everything you have to say is &quot; educators , &quot; and you know exactly what to do .

das sind sechsundzwanzig länder , die vierzig prozent der ölvorräte kontrollieren .
it consists of twenty-six member countries that control forty percent of all the oil deposits .
these are six major countries that control four percent of the oil supplies .
these are six countries that control four percent of the oil spills .

schauen sie es sich genau an , dies ist die heutige , saubere kohletechnologie .
take a good long look : this is today &apos;s clean coal technology .
look at this , this is the today &apos;s cleaning , clean technology .
look at that , this is the spiral , clean technology .

das machte das ganze schon wesentlich benutzungsfreundlicher , aber es geht natürlich auch noch viel besser .
that made the whole thing considerably more user friendly , but of course it could still be a lot better .
now , this all made this a lot more important , but of course it &apos;s also much better .
that &apos;s what made it really much more useful , but , of course , it &apos;s much better .

sie fühlte , wenn es kam , denn es würde die erde unter ihren füßen zum beben bringen .
and she felt it coming , because it would shake the earth under her feet .
she felt that if it came , because it would take the earth to take her feet off .
they felt if it came , because it would put the earth under their feet .

das wird dazu führen , dass der patient leidet , aber nur ein bisschen und viel weniger als vorher .
that will cause the patient to suffer , but just a little and much less than before .
that &apos;s going to lead to the patient , but just a little bit and a lot less than before .
this is going to lead to the patient , but just a little bit less than before .

das frage ich , können sie nicht singen , a , weil sie glauben , dass sie nicht singen können ?
then i ask you this , can you not sing , a , because you think you can &apos;t sing ?
the question i ask you can &apos;t sing , because you think you can &apos;t sing ?
i ask you , can &apos;t sing you , because you think you can &apos;t sing ?

und die siftables sind ein beispiel einer neuen generation von hilfsmitteln zur manipulation digitaler daten .
and siftables are an example of a new ecosystem of tools for manipulating digital information .
and the toxins are an example of a new generation of aid to the digital data .
and the sizes are an example of a new generation of aid to manipulating digital data .

eine politik aus angst und zorn hat uns davon überzeugt , dass diese probleme nicht unsere probleme sind .
the politics of fear and anger have made us believe that these are problems that are not our problems .
a politics of fear and anger has convinced us that these problems are not our problems .
a politics from fear and zorn has convinced us that these problems are not our problems .

ich werde ihnen nur einige beispiele zeigen – nochmal , mit der idee unsere umwelt wahrzunehmen und anzutreiben .
and i &apos;ll show just a few examples -- again , with this idea of sensing our environment and actuating it .
i &apos;m just going to show you a few examples -- again , the idea of perceiving our environment and driving .
i &apos;m going to just show you some examples -- again , to perceive the idea of our environment and drive .

nein , nicht , weil wir schon genug kalorien produzieren , um die welt mehr als nur zu ernähren .
no , not because we already produce enough calories to more than feed the world .
no , not because we produce enough calories to feed the world more than just feed .
no , not because we &apos;re producing enough calories to feed the world more than just to feed .

ich unterrichte wunderbare intelligente studenten , und ich gebe ihnen 20 prozent weniger arbeit als ich früher tat .
i teach wonderfully intelligent students , and i assign 20 percent less work than i used to .
i teach great intelligent students , and i &apos;ll give you 20 percent less than i did earlier .
i teach wonderful intelligent students , and i give them 20 percent less than i used to do .

jetzt sehen sie sich an was an diesem tag passierte , nur beim beobachten der aktivität , die im netzwerk passiert .
now look at what happened that day just by monitoring activity happening on the network .
now look at what happened that day , only when the activity occurs in the network .
now , look at what happened on this day , just watching activity that happens in the network .

es ist wahrscheinlich die kleinste der 21 apps , die die fellows im letzten jahr geschrieben haben .
it &apos;s probably the smallest of the 21 apps that the fellows wrote last year .
it &apos;s probably the smallest of the 21 apps that have written in the last year .
it &apos;s probably the smallest of the 21 apps written the field in the last year .

es ist nicht unbedingt gut für die gesellschaft , aber es ist das , was der einzelne und die familie entscheiden .
it &apos;s not necessarily good for the society , but it &apos;s what the individual and the family are choosing .
it &apos;s not necessarily good for society , but it &apos;s what the individual and the family decides .
it &apos;s not necessarily good for society , but it &apos;s what the individual and the family decide .

wie können wir sie länger frisch halten -- bessere frische , mehr frische , dreimal frischer .
how do we keep you fresher longer -- better freshness , more freshness , three times fresher .
how can we sustain them longer -- better fresh , more fresh , three times .
as we can hold them longer -- better fresh , more fresh , three times more fresh .

die idee hierbei ist offensichtlich nicht nur , die maschinenbediener im kontrollraum überlisten .
the idea here is obviously not only to fool the operators in the control room .
the idea here is , obviously , not only the machine operator service in the control room .
and the idea of this is obviously not just the machine operating services in the control room .

und so sieht man tiere , die direkt neben einer 500 grad celsius heißen dass sie dort überleben können .
and so , you &apos;re seeing animals that are living next to a 500-degree-centigrade you think they can &apos;t possibly exist .
and so you can see animals , right next to a 500 degrees celsius , they can survive there .
and so you can see animals that are right next to a 500 degrees centigrade that they can survive there .

diese frage war so ergreifend , dass wir uns zur erforschung der antwort entschieden und siftables entwickelten .
this question was so compelling that we decided to explore the answer , by building siftables .
this question was so profound that we decided to explore our research and became an answer .
this question was so compelling that we decided we decided to go to the answer of the answer and developed .

wichtig für die gestalter , die haben das meistens im ersten semester , die tollen gestaltgesetze .
for the designers it is important , they usually have it in the first term , those great laws of design .
it &apos;s important for the ages that most of the time in the first semester , the great laws of laws .
it &apos;s important for the age of the age , which are mostly in the first semester , the great laws of old laws .

die leute hüllen sich in ihren glauben , und zwar so eng , dass man sie nicht befreien kann .
people wrap themselves in their beliefs , and they do it so tightly that you can &apos;t set them free .
people get into their faith , and so that &apos;s because you can &apos;t free them .
people hire themselves in their beliefs , so that you can &apos;t free them .

und es ist demütigend daran zu denken , dass unsere gattung vielleicht seit 600.000 jahren existiert .
and it &apos;s humbling to remember that our species has , perhaps , been around for &#91; 150,000 &#93; years .
and it &apos;s humble to think that perhaps our species have been around for 600,000 years .
and it &apos;s devastating to think that our species may exist for 600,000 years .

und das wird schlimmer , und ziemlich bald werden kinder wieder daran sterben , denn das ist nur eine frage der zahlen .
and it &apos;s getting worse , and pretty soon kids are going to die of it again because it &apos;s just a numbers game .
and that &apos;s going to get worse , and pretty soon , children are going to die because that &apos;s just a question of numbers .
and that gets worse , and pretty soon , kids will die again , because this is just one of the numbers of numbers .

das ist so , wie wenn ich sagen würde , schütz dein kind , schlag es nur dreimal anstatt fünfmal .
that &apos;s like saying , protect your child , hit it three times instead of five .
this is what if i were to say , shaking your child , it &apos;s only three times five times .
that &apos;s how if i would say , shake your child , just three times less .

also wollte ich etwas anderes kreieren , etwas , bei dem der prozess beginnt , wenn der auslöser gedrückt wird .
so i wanted to create something different , something where the process starts when you press the trigger .
so i wanted to create something else that starts when the process gets trigger .
so i wanted to create something else , something that starts with the process when the eradication is put .

dies ist eins der bilder , die wir festgehalten haben mit der sogenannten gigapixel-technologie .
and this is one of these images that we captured in what we call gigapixel technology .
this is one of the images that we &apos;ve been holding with so-called the gigeli technology .
this is one of the images we held with the so-called gapix technology .

die herausforderung bietet eine gemeinsame erfahrung , eine gemeinsame sprache bzw. grundhaltung , den richtigen prototyp zu bauen .
the challenge provides a shared experience , a common language , a common stance to build the right prototype .
the challenge is to create a shared experience , a common language , basic posture , to build the right prototype .
the challenge provides a common experience , a common language . basic attitude to build the right prototype .

wenn du es also besser haben willst , musst du hier aufkreuzen und deinen anteil der abmachung einhalten .
so if you want it to be better , then you &apos;ve got to show up and do your part of the deal .
so if you have better than you have , you have to stop here and hold your share .
so if you want to do it better , you &apos;ve got to get up here and hold your percentage .

außerdem gibt es diese epische geschichte , diese inspirierende geschichte , warum wir da sind und was wir zu tun haben .
and also there is this epic story , this inspiring story of why we &apos;re there , and what we &apos;re doing .
and also , there &apos;s this epic story , this inspiring story , why we are there and what we have to do .
also , there &apos;s this episode story , this inspirational story , why we are there and what we have to do .

kann ich das direkt bedienen oder brauche ich &apos; n handbuch oder brauche ich &apos; ne entsprechende schulung dafür .
can i handle it directly or do i need a manual or a correspondent training .
i can use that directly or i need a handle or a book , or i need a disappointment .
i can use that directly or i need the handle , or i need it .

wenn sie also die einfache frage stellen , wie glücklich die leute in kalifornien sind werden sie nicht die korrekte antwort bekommen .
so , if you ask the simple question of how happy people are in california , you are not going to get to the correct answer .
so if you ask the simple question , how happy people are in california , they &apos;re not going to get the correct answer .
so if you ask the simple question , how happy people in california are not going to get the answer .

und obwohl ich meinen abschluss hatte , erkannte ich , dass ich mich nicht mit einer karriere in jura abfinden könnte .
and even though i finished my degree , i realized i could not settle into a career in law .
and although i had my degree , i realized that i couldn &apos;t find myself with a career in jura .
and even though i had my degree , i realized i couldn &apos;t find myself with a career in jura .

also , eingeborene sind weder sentimental , noch werden sie von der nostalgie geschwächt .
well , indigenous people are neither sentimental nor weakened by nostalgia .
so , inherently , they &apos;re not sentimental , they &apos;re not going to take the nostalgia .
so , injury are not a sentimental , nor they &apos;re shaped by the nostalgia .

nämlich sie projiezieren eine annahme nach vorne , dass sie etwas sehen , was sie wiedererkennen , beispielweise kreis .
because you project an assumption that you &apos;re seeing something you recognise to the front , such as a circle .
because they jign assured a premise that they see something that repeatedly they recognize .
because they profoundly assume that they see something that they recognize again , real-life .

aber im alten griechenland und rom haben die menschen nicht geglaubt , dass kreativität von menschen kommt , okay ?
but , ancient greece and ancient rome -- people did not happen to believe that creativity came from human beings back then , o.k. ?
but in the old days of greece and rome , people didn &apos;t believe that creativity comes from people , okay ?
but in the old greece and rome , people don &apos;t believe that creativity comes from people , okay ?

sie könnten so leicht einfach einen liter altöl reinwerfen und dann würde die anlage über jahre ruiniert sein .
it would be easy to just throw a litre of waste oil onto it and the plot would be ruined for years .
you could just flip an old liter dil , and then it would be sliced over the years .
you could just throw a liter of a liter , and then it would be rubbed over years .

inzwischen bin ich zudem schon älter als chopin mit zweiunddreißig jahren , als er das stück schrieb .
now i am also older than chopin when he wrote the piece at thirty-two .
meanwhile , i &apos;m older than chopin two-and-a-half years , when he wrote that piece .
i &apos;ve been older than a two-thirds in two years when he wrote the piece .

und das tat er und als er eine verhärtung im rechten unteren sektor feststellte , rief er die operateure .
and he did and when he noticed some tenderness in the right lower quadrant , called the surgeons .
and that &apos;s what he did , and when he called an area in the right-hand sector sector , he called the operators .
and that &apos;s what he did , and when he was a devastating in the right sector , he called surgery .

und er zeigte auf die busladungen von touristen , die jeden tag kamen und gewöhnlich ihre kameras dabei hatten .
and he pointed to the busloads of tourists that would show up everyday , with cameras ready usually .
and he pointed on the buses of tourists that came out every day and had their cameras on their cameras .
and he showed up on the buses of tourists that came out every day and used to their cameras .

es gab ein treffen zur versöhnung und eine ruhige stimme sagte : &quot; ich werde dir aus dem weg gehen . &quot;
there was a gathering of resolve and a quiet voice saying , &quot; i will bypass you . &quot;
there was a meeting for reconciliation , and a quiet voice said , &quot; i &apos;m going to take you out of the way . &quot;
there was a meeting to reconciliation and a quiet voice said , &quot; i &apos;m going to go out of the way . &quot;

alle kinder aus zaragoza kamen zu dem gebäude , denn die art wie sie mit dem gebäude spielten war ganz anders .
all the kids from zaragoza came to the building , because the way of engaging with the building became something different .
all the kids from kharza came to the building , because the way they played with the building was completely different .
all the children from agoza came to the building , because the way they were playing with the building was very different .

und es war mein auftrag , als das notfallpersonal kardiologischen rat suchte , den notfallpatienten zu untersuchen .
and it was my job , when the emergency staff called for a cardiology consult , to see that patient in emerg .
and it was my inmission when the emergency cardiac advice to study the patient .
and it was my mission when the emergency staff council souls to study the emergency patients .

sie zeigt , wie die regierung besser arbeiten könnte -- nicht mehr wie ein privates unternehmen , wie viele leute denken , dass sie sollte .
it suggests how government could work better -- not more like a private company , as many people think it should .
it shows how the government could work better -- no longer like a private company , like many people think it should .
it shows how the government could work better -- not like a private business company , how many people think they should be .

werden wir eine gesellschaft formen dielangweiliger und uniformierter ist , oder robuster und vielseitiger ?
will we make a society that is more boring and more uniform , or more robust and more versatile ?
are we going to build a society of diarrhea and border and uniform , or robuster and a lot of tigers ?
are we going to form a society of divorce and uniformers , or robuster and a lot ?

eine zweite möglichkeit ist , dass es eine evolution der traditionellen art sein wird , natürlich , auferlegt von den kräften der natur .
a second possibility is that there will be evolution of the traditional kind , natural , imposed by the forces of nature .
one second possibility is that it &apos;s going to be a kind of traditional species , of course , empowering nature &apos;s crows .
a second possibility is that it &apos;s going to be a evolution of traditional species , of course , of course , the forces of nature .

eine farbige kapsel , die an einem ende gelb und am anderen rot ist , ist besser als eine weiße kapsel .
a colored capsule , that &apos;s yellow on one end and red on the other is better than a white capsule .
a colored capsule , which is a yellow end , and at the other end , is better than a white capsule .
a colorful capsule , which is on the end of a yellow , and on the other red , is better than a white capsule .

diese folie zeigt daten einer analyse von uns über die leistung von risc prozessoren verglichen mit der leistung eines local area networks .
this happens to be a slide of some analysis that we were doing about the power of risc microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
this slide shows a data analysis of us about the power of risc processor processors compared to the power of a degree .
this is a slide of data that shows us about the performance of risc processors with the performance of a headquarter .

man hat bruchlos zivilisation über fünftausend jahre geschafft , weil man immer in der lage war , die nährstoffe zurückzubringen .
they managed to have a civilization for five thousand years on end , as they were always able to return the nutrients .
you &apos;ve got a lot of civilization over five years because you &apos;ve always been able to get that nutrition .
you &apos;ve done brutal civilization over five years because you &apos;ve always been able to get the nutrients back .

nun nach zwei jahren , bin ich zu dem schluss gekommen , dass es vor allem bei kommunen , um beutelratten geht .
well after two years , i &apos;ve come to the conclusion that , especially local government , is about opossums .
now after two years , i &apos;ve come to the conclusion that it &apos;s all about community-goodbye .
now after two years , i came to the end of the conclusion that it &apos;s all about communal , about thylacines .

und doch , als ich sie in diesem restaurant in südspanien probiert habe hat sie überhaupt nicht nach fischhaut geschmeckt .
yet , when i tasted it at that restaurant in southern spain , it tasted not at all like fish skin .
and yet , when i tried it in this restaurant in southern spain , she didn &apos;t look like fish at all the way .
and yet , when i tried it in this restaurant in southern spain , she didn &apos;t look at fish at fish .

wenn sie das spiel abschließen , erhalten sie von der weltbank die auszeichnung &quot; sozialer umgestalter &quot; , abschluss 2010 .
if you complete the game you will be certified by the world bank institute , as a social innovator , class of 2010 .
when you close the game , you get from the world bank , you get the labeling social age , 2010 .
if you close the game , you get from the world bank the &quot; social relations , &quot; by 2010 .

und wenn man ozeanwasser günstig und einfach filtriert , bekommt man genügend treibstoff für die restliche lebenszeit des planeten .
and , simply by filtering seawater in an inexpensive process , you &apos;d have enough fuel for the entire lifetime of the rest of the planet .
and if you just filter water and you just film it , you get enough fuel for the rest of the planet .
and if you put oceans cheap and just filter , you get enough fuel for the rest of the planet .

und wenn sie es erreichen , sind sie schockiert , dass sie tatsächlich zu so etwas fähig sind . das ist ein epischer sieg .
and when you get there you are shocked to discover what you are truly capable of . that is an epic win .
and if they do it , they &apos;re shocked , that they &apos;re actually so able to do this . this is a episode .
and when they reach it , they &apos;re shocked , they &apos;re actually able to do something like that . that &apos;s an episode .

zu archaischen kognitiven modellen und zwar sind das die modelle , die wir in den vorindustriellen zeiten uns angeeignet haben .
archaic models are models that we adopted in pre-industrial times .
archaic cognitive models , and that &apos;s the models that we have in the pre-industrial times .
too archational cognitive models , and that &apos;s the models that we &apos;ve done in the pre-industrial times .

drittens geht es darum , es unmöglich zu machen zu unterscheiden , wo die einzelnen bilder beginnen und enden , indem man sie nahtlos verbindet .
the third one is about making it impossible to distinguish where the different images begin and end by making it seamless .
thirdly , it &apos;s about making it impossible to distinguish where the individuals are and the images by connecting them .
third is to make it impossible to make no difference where the individual images start and end up connecting them .

sie haben jemand höchstens eine feder unter die nase gehalten , und wenn sie sich bewegte , haben sie sie noch nicht begraben .
at most , they &apos;d stick a feather on somebody &apos;s nose , and if it twitched , they didn &apos;t bury them yet .
you &apos;ve given someone a feather to the nose , and if they &apos;re moving , they don &apos;t bury them yet .
you have somebody at the highest rate under the nose , and if they moved , they haven &apos;t been buried .

wir sollten darin übereinkommen , dass die hälfte von uns eine stunde pro tag mit spielen verbringt , bis wir die probleme der echten welt gelöst haben .
let &apos;s get half of us to agree to spend an hour a day playing games , until we solve real-world problems .
we should be overwhelming that half of us spend an hour of a day playing with games , until we solved the real problems of the world .
we should overcome that half of us spend an hour per day , until we have solved the problems of the real world .

hier eine hintergrundinformation , um das ins rechte licht zu rücken . sie kennen bestimmt alle wikipedia , das größte wiki der welt .
so , just one bit of trivia that helps put that into perspective : so , you all know wikipedia , biggest wiki in the world .
here &apos;s a backyard formation to go back to the right light . you all know wikipedia , the largest joke in the world .
here &apos;s a backgrove formation to back the rights , and you all know wikipedia , the largest wiki in the world .

und dann fragt man sie , wie sie ihre taxonomie begründen und sie sagen : &quot; ich dachte du verstehst etwas von pflanzen .
and then you ask them how they establish their taxonomy and they say , &quot; i thought you knew something about plants .
and then she asks her taxonomy for her taxonomy , and she says , &quot; i thought you know something about plants .
and then you ask them how they pray their taxonomy , and they say , &quot; i thought you &apos;d understand something from plants .

und nicht nur in der kunst , auch im volksmärchen , in der in der mythologie , in geschichten taucht es wieder auf .
and this turns up not only in art , but also in folktales , folktales , in in mythology , in stories .
and not only in art , but in the volkman , in the mythology , in the mythology , again , it comes back up .
and not only in art , in the volkic , in the mythology of mythology , in stories .

ich kann jetzt eben dieses mentale handlungsmodell orientieren , selektieren , informieren , transagieren übertragen auf ein interaktionssystem .
i can transfer this performance model orient , select , inform , transact to an interaction system .
i can now inform this mental model of selection , selecting selective , transformed juice into an interactive system .
so i can now orient this mental model , selection , selection , transcend , transformed in a interactive system .

bis zum heutigen tag , werden sie von einer rituellen priesterschaft regiert . die ausbildung zur priesterschaft ist jedoch sehr außergewöhnlich .
to this day , they remain ruled by a ritual priesthood but the training for the priesthood is rather extraordinary .
until the day , they become registered by a ritual priesthood , which is the training for priesthood , but is extremely extraordinary .
until today &apos;s day , they &apos;re registered by a ritual pride , and the education is very extraordinary .

ich habe freunde , die große , gigantische hollywood-filme machen , und ich habe freunde , die kleine <unk> dent-filme wie ich machen .
i have friends who make great big , giant hollywood films , and i have friends who make little independent films like i make .
i have friends who do great , gigantic hollywood movies , and i have friends who make little movies like i do .
i have friends who are big , giant , wonderful hollywood movies , and i have friends who make little sensors like me .

es geht nicht um unsere lächerliche leidenschaft für hormone , unser beharren auf größerer nahrung , besserer nahrung , einzigartiger nahrung .
it &apos;s not about our ridiculous passion for hormones , our insistence on having bigger food , better food , singular food .
it &apos;s not about our ridiculous passion of hormones , our harsh food , better food , unique food .
it &apos;s not about our ridiculous passion for hormones , our harm on scale food , better food , unique food .

und ich habe hier 100 mikrogramm eines weissen pulvers , welches ich in flughäfen fern von sicherheitspersonal zu halten versuche .
and i &apos;ve got here a little 100 micrograms of white powder , which i try not to let the security people see at airports .
and i &apos;ve got 100 micrograms here from a small gram that i &apos;m going to try to hold in airports from insations .
and i &apos;ve got 100 micrograms of a white pulse that i hold in fluctuary of security trials .

es gibt momentan ein projekt in der kalifornischen justiz , das die steuerzahler bisher zwei milliarden dollar gekostet hat , und es funktioniert nicht .
there is one project in the california court system right now that so far cost taxpayers two billion dollars , and it doesn &apos;t work .
there &apos;s a project right now in the california project that has the tax pay two billion dollars , and it doesn &apos;t work .
there &apos;s a project at the california institute that the tax costs two billion dollars before , and it doesn &apos;t work .

und , da ging es dann auch darum , ja o.k , wer sind wir , was wollen wir , was wollen wir auch was wollen wir mitteilen ?
and , the focus there was on , so okay , who are we , what do we want , what do we also want what do we want to talk about ?
and , then it was about that , yes , yes , who we are , what do we want , what do we want to share ?
and then there was that , yes , who we are , what we want to do , what do we want to share with us ?

und warum ? weil sie dreiecke verstehen und sich-selbst-verstärkende geometrische muster sind der schlüssel um stabile strukturen zu bauen .
and why is it ? because they understand triangles and self-reinforcing geometrical patterns are the key to building stable structures .
and why ? because they understand triangles and self-assembly geometric patterns are the key to build stable structures .
and why ? because they understand three-corner and insurance patterns are the key to build stable structures .

die vereinigten staaten bieten unglaubliche möglichkeiten , menschen zu erlauben die zu sein , die sie sind , ohne dass sie sich um des staates willen ändern müßten .
the united states has offered tremendous possibility for allowing people to be the way they are , without having them have to be changed for the sake of the state .
the united states provide an incredible opportunity to allow people to be who are , without them , to change their trash .
the united states offer incredible opportunities to allow people to be the ones they are , without changing the state of the state .

aber es ist auch sehr bizarr , wegen der geschichte , die ich ihnen anfangs über den androgenrezeptor-defekt erzählt habe .
but this is also very bizarre , because of the story i told you at the beginning about androgen insensitivity syndrome .
but it &apos;s also very bizarre , because of the story that i told you about the pink receptor defect .
but it &apos;s also very bizarre , because of the story i told you about the androgence receptor .

und je mehr möglichkeiten es zur auswahl gibt , desto mehr attraktive eigenschaften dieser auswahl werden in den oppertunitätskosten berücksichtigt .
and the more options there are to consider , the more attractive features of these options are going to be reflected by us as opportunity costs .
and the more choices there are choice , the more attractive qualities of those options are going to be in the tuna east .
and the more opportunities for choice , the more attractive properties of this choice will be considered in the oppersic tune costs .

meine aktuelle tätigkeit besteht darin , objekte mit solch einer hohen komplexität zu designen , dass es unmöglich für mich ist , diese im traditionellen sinn zu designen .
so right now , what i do is i design objects at such complexity that it &apos;s really impossible for me to design them in the traditional sense .
my recent activity is to design objects with such a high complexity that it &apos;s impossible for me to design in the traditional sense .
my current activity is to design objects with such a high complexity that it &apos;s impossible for me to design this traditional sense .

und das ist auf einem höheren gral der benutzungsfreundlichkeit als das der übertragung einer klassischen metapher , nämlich der des desktops .
and that &apos;s on a higher grail of user friendliness than the transferal of a classic metaphor , which is the one of the desktop .
and this is on a higher degree of the user as a tool of transmission of the classical metaphor , which is the desktop of the desktop .
and this is on a higher grave of using kindness as the transmission of a classic metaphor , which is the desktop .

und ich gehe einfach davon aus , dass wir in den nächsten dreißig jahren die gleiche kapazität an elektrochemischen speichern auf der ganzen welt haben werden .
and i simply assume that we &apos;ll have the same capacity of electrochemical reservoirs in the whole world for the next thirty years .
and i &apos;m just going to point out that in the next three years , we will have the same capacity of electrochemical storms all over the world .
and i just go out of it that we &apos;re going to have the same capacity for the same capacity of electrochemical stores all over the world .

als proctor und gamble die verschiedenen head and <unk> ders arten von 26 auf 15 reduzierte , erlebten sie einen anstieg der verkaufszahlen um 10 prozent .
when proctor &amp; amp ; gamble went from 26 different kinds of head &amp; amp ; shoulders to 15 , they saw an increase in sales by 10 percent .
as a celebrity and the various poses of 26 types of obesity , they sell a rise of sales by 10 percent .
as a proper and gamble and gamble , the various stages of 26 and 26 species reducted from 26 to 15 , they learned a rise of the sales to 10 percent .

es versetzt mich auch in aufregung über das große produkt , das ich zusammenstelle , und so bin ich bereit mich dazu motivieren zu lassen mit interesse dabei zu sein .
it also gets me excited about this big product that i &apos;m putting together , so i &apos;m more willing to be motivated to be engaged .
i &apos;m also very excited about the big product that i &apos;m together , and so i &apos;m willing to motivate myself to be involved with .
it also puts me in the exciting product that i put together , and so i &apos;m willing to be motivated with interest .

vor etwa drei oder vier jahren erhielt ich mitten in der nacht einen anruf von dieser lehrerin , frau posten , die sagte , &quot; ich muss sie sehen .
about three or four years ago , i got a phone call in the middle of the night from that teacher , mrs. posten , who said , &quot; i need to see you .
about three or four years ago , i got a phone in the middle of the night that teacher , the woman , said , &quot; i have to see her .
about three or four or four years ago , i got a call from this teacher , woman , who said , &quot; i have to see her .

und es funktionierte . wieder hatten wir etwas magisches geschaffen . und die wirkung im publikum war dieselbe . allerdings haben wir mit dem film schon ein bisschen mehr geld eingespielt .
and it did , and we created magic again , and we had the same result with an audience -- although we did make a little more money on that one .
and it worked . again , we had created something magical , and the impact was the same thing , but we played a little bit more money back .
and it worked . again , we created something magical , and the effect in the audience was the same , but we &apos;ve played with the movie a little bit more money .

die ersten betonblocksteine wurden 1868 hergestellt und entstammten einer einfachen idee : module aus zement mit festgelegten maßen , die zusammenpassen .
the first concrete blocks were manufactured in 1868 with a very simple idea : modules made of cement of a fixed measurement that fit together .
the first concrete block was made 1868 , and a simple idea of a simple idea : module made out of peanuts that fit together .
the first concrete blocks were made in 1868 and made a simple idea : module from concrete to people who fit together .

es gibt eine menge interessanter untersuchungen , die zeigen , das wir leute mehr mögen , nachdem wir mit ihnen gespielt haben , selbst wenn sie uns übel besiegt haben .
there &apos;s a lot of interesting research that shows that we like people better after we play a game with them , even if they &apos;ve beaten us badly .
there &apos;s a lot of interesting research that shows that we like more people after we &apos;ve played them , even if they have pioneered us .
there &apos;s a lot of interesting studies that show us that we like more people after we played with them , even if they were dancing us .

und dann an einem bewölkten tag , war da ein loch in den wolken und die sonne brach hervor und ich sagte mir vielleicht kann ich mich wieder besser fühlen .
and on a cloudy day , there was a crack in the clouds and the sun started to come out and i wondered , maybe i could feel better again .
and then on a cattle day , there was a hole in the clouds , and the sun broke in front of me , and i might feel better .
and then on a winning oil day , there was a hole in the clouds , and the sun broke out and i said maybe i can feel better .

ich weiss und bin mir ganz sicher , dass sie den job erledigen , weil sie aus einer reihe von hunderttausenden programmen kommen , welche den job erledigt haben .
and in fact , i know , i &apos;m very confident that they do the job because they come from a line of hundreds of thousands of programs that did the job .
i know and i &apos;m sure that they &apos;re doing the job , because they &apos;re coming out of a series of hundreds of thousands of programs that have done the job .
i know and i &apos;m sure that they &apos;re doing the job , because they come from a series of hundreds of thousands of programs that have done the job .

wir haben nahezu 20 jahre digitalisiert . als wir das humangenom sequenziert haben vollzog sich der wechsel von der analogen welt der biologie zur digitalen welt der computer .
we &apos;ve been digitizing it now for almost 20 years ; when we sequenced the human genome , it was going from the analog world of biology into the digital world of the computer .
we &apos;ve digitized almost 20 years . as we sequenced the human genome , we &apos;ve moved from the changes of analog in the world to digital computers .
we &apos;ve digitized almost 20 years . as we sequenced the human-human genome , the shift of analog world in the digital world to the digital computer .

und den haben wir dann der ist nicht verbindlich , aber das ist halt ja , ich denke schon , hat sich relativ gut durchgesetzt , die leute sind da recht überzeugt von so .
and that was then it &apos;s not binding , but it &apos;s yes , i think it has managed to become accepted quite well , people are quite convinced about it , yes .
and then we didn &apos;t really feel like that , but that &apos;s what i think has already been pretty good , the people are right there .
and then we don &apos;t have the one , but that &apos;s the time , i think , is pretty good at all , which people are right there .

ich bin zur ted gekommen , weil ich glaube , dass viele von ihnen verstanden haben , dass das moralische pendel des universums weit ausschwingt , aber dass es der gerechtigkeit zuneigt .
i &apos;ve come to ted because i believe that many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is long , but it bends toward justice .
i came to ted , because i think many of you have understood that the moral pendulum of the universe is far apart , but it &apos;s the justice of justice .
i came to the ted because i believe that many of you have understood that the moral pencil of the universe is far away , but it &apos;s the tonight of justice .

es ist immer wieder ein sehr glückliches konzert , wenn ich das erlebnis haben darf , das stück , dass ich so lange im voraus erarbeitet hab , wie neu zu erleben .
it always makes for a happy concert when i have the fortune to experience the piece anew , even though i &apos;ve been working on it for so long in advance .
it &apos;s always a very happy concert , if i can have the experience , which is , for a long time , i &apos;ve been working on trying to see how new it is .
it &apos;s always a very fortunate concert when i have the experience , the piece that i &apos;ve been working on as long as i &apos;ve been working on how to re-experience .

denn es macht genauso viel sinn wie alles andere , von dem ich gehört habe , wenn es darum ging , die absolut verrückt machende launenhaftigkeit des kreativen prozesses zu erklären .
because it makes as much sense as anything else i have ever heard in terms of explaining the utter maddening capriciousness of the creative process .
because it makes a lot of sense like everything else that i &apos;ve heard about when it comes to explaining the absolutely crazy amount of creative process .
because it makes a lot of sense of everything that i &apos;ve heard about when it was about explaining the absolutely crazy thing to explain the creative process .

bg : nun , die tatsächlichen ausgaben für die forschung -- sagen wir die u.s. sollten 10 milliarden pro jahr mehr ausgeben als sie heute tun -- das ist nicht so dramatisch .
bg : well , the actual spending on the r &amp; amp ; d piece -- say the u.s. should spend 10 billion a year more than it is right now -- it &apos;s not that dramatic .
bg : well , the actual spending of research -- let &apos;s say we should spend 10 billion more per year than you do today -- that &apos;s not that dramatically .
bg : well , the actual spending for research -- we should spend the u.s. 10 billion dollars a year more than you &apos;re doing today -- that &apos;s not so dramatic .

meine ersten erinnerungen sind von diesem boot – das stetige tuckern des motors , das klatschen einer jeden welle auf den bug , der weite und leere horizont .
my first memories are from the boat -- the steady beat of the engine , the bow dipping into each wave , the vast and empty horizon .
my first memories of this boat -- the steady tower of the engine , the clapping of every bug , the bug and the empty horizon .
my first memories are from this boat -- the steckens of the motors , the sound of a wave on the bug , the gap and the horizon .

was glauben sie wie die durchschnittsleistung für einen kardiologen oder eine krankenschwester oder einen orthopäden , einen geburtshelfer , einen rettungsassistenten sein sollte ?
what do you think a batting average for a cardiac surgeon or a nurse practitioner or an orthopedic surgeon , an obgyn , a paramedic is supposed to be ?
what do you think the average power for a karologists or a nurse or a nurse or a orthopedic , the birthday , should be a rescue ?
what do you think of the average performance for a cardiologist or a nurse or a orthopard , a birthday , a rescue assistance ?

viele argumente dagegen . fischzuchtanlagen verschmutzen die umwelt , die meisten von ihnen jedenfalls , und sie sind ineffizient , nehmen wir thunfisch . ein großer nachteil .
a lot of arguments against it : fish farms pollute -- most of them do anyway -- and they &apos;re inefficient . take tuna , a major drawback .
many arguments . fish approved the pollution , most of them , and they are inefficient , we take a big part of the world .
many arguments against this . fishing pollution , most of you , and you are inefficient , we take a big part .

und zweitens , wir als eine spezie haben uns unsere umwelt so konfiguriert , dass wir es geschafft haben , dass sie sich an uns anpassen genau sowie wir uns an sie anpassen
and secondly , we as a species have so configured our environment that we have managed to make it adapt to us as well as we adapt to it .
and second , we as a speculation have set us our environment so much that we &apos;ve managed to adapt them to us just as well as we adapt to them .
and secondly , as a speculation , we &apos;ve been confined to our environment so that we &apos;ve managed to adapt it to us , and we &apos;re looking at them .

das interessante hier ist , dass diese folie , wie so manch andere , welche wir oft antreffen in unserem feld , eine art gerade auf einer semi-logarithmischen kurve sind .
and the interesting thing about it is that this slide , like so many technology slides that we &apos;re used to , is a sort of a straight line on a semi-log curve .
the interesting thing here is that this slide , like some other guys , which we often meet in our field , is a kind of semi-logical curve .
the interesting thing here is that this slide , like some other people we often meet in our field , a kind of a semi-logarithmic curve .

für mich aber im bereich der interaktiven medien als besonders beeindruckend ist an sich , dass wir per se in unserem biologischen gedächtnis verankert haben , die fähigkeit nonlinear zu denken .
what is particularly impressive in the area of interactive media is the fact that we &apos;ve anchored the ability to think in a non-linear way in our biological memory .
but for me in the realm of interactive media as a particularly impressive thing to remember that we have determined in our biological memory , the ability to think linear .
but for me , in the realm of interactive media , it &apos;s particularly impressive to us that we have suspended in our biological memory , the ability to think nonlinear .

wenn wir das nicht tun , wenn wir so weiter machen wie bisher machen wir uns an etwas schuldig , an dem wir , glaube ich , nicht schuldig sein wollen , high-tech kolonialismus .
if we don &apos;t , if we continue to act the way we &apos;re acting , we &apos;re guilty of something that i don &apos;t think we want to be guilty of : high-tech colonialism .
if we don &apos;t do that , if we keep doing it as further as we &apos;ve been guilty of something that we &apos;re guilty , i don &apos;t want to be guilty , high-tech colonies .
if we don &apos;t do that , if we keep doing this as much as we do , we &apos;re going to do something innocent , i think , i don &apos;t want to be guilty , high-tech colonialism .

also haben wir hier einen kompletten parallelbildungsweg , auf dem junge menschen genauso lernen , was es bedeutet , ein guter spieler zu sein , wie alles andere , was sie in der schule lernen .
so , we have an entire parallel track of education going on where young people are learning as much about what it takes to be a good gamer as they are learning about everything else in school .
so here we have a complete parallel path of education , young people learning about what it means to be a good player , like anything that they learn in school .
so here we have a complete paralleled parallel to the young education that young people learn as well as what it means to be a good player , like everything else they learn in school .

wir kennen sie als &quot; liebe statt krieg &quot; -affen , denn sie haben häufigen , auch bisexuellen sex , mit wechselnden partnern , und regeln so konflikte und soziale angelenheiten .
we know them as the &quot; make love , not war &quot; apes since they have frequent , promiscuous and bisexual sex to manage conflict and solve social issues .
we know them as &quot; love for war , &quot; because they have more frequent , exuberant sex with partners , rules and conflicts and social constraints .
we know it as &quot; love &quot; instead of war , because they have more frequently , bish sex , with interactions , and rules like this and social conflicts .

die sioux-indianer hörten nicht weniger auf sioux zu sein , als sie bogen und pfeil aufgaben , als die amerikaner aufhörten amerikaner zu sein , als sie pferd und pferdewagen aufgaben .
the sioux indians did not stop being sioux when they gave up the bow and arrow any more than an american stopped being an american when he gave up the horse and buggy .
the sioux didn &apos;t belong to less of sioux , as a boarding and assignment as the americans were listening to americans , as they were horse and bud &apos;s horse .
the sioux indians don &apos;t hear less on sioux than they go to boil and arrow , when americans heard the americans heard of americans as they were a horse and horse .

es macht keinen unterschied , denn das einzige , was die leistung eines systems wie diesem einschränken kann , ist die anzahl an pixeln auf ihrem bildschirm in jedem moment . es hat auch eine sehr flexible architektur .
it doesn &apos;t make any difference because the only thing that ought to limit the performance of a system like this one is the number of pixels on your screen at any given moment . it &apos;s also very flexible architecture .
it doesn &apos;t make any difference , because the only thing that the performance of a system like this is , is the number of pixels on your screen , it has a very flexible architecture .
it doesn &apos;t make any difference , because the only thing that the performance of a system can mean by this limitation is the number of pixels on your screen in every moment . it also has a very flexible architecture .

das großartigste auto , das sie je gefahren sind , aus &quot; the <unk> <unk> ever <unk> &quot; das großartigste getränk , das sie je gehabt haben , eine aufmerksamkeit von &quot; the <unk> <unk> ever <unk> &quot; .
the greatest car you ever drove from &quot; the greatest movie ever sold , &quot; the greatest drink you &apos;ve ever had , courtesy of &quot; the greatest movie ever sold . &quot;
the greatest car you &apos;ve ever got is , the danger of the gay mobility , the greatest drink that you &apos;ve ever had , a attention of &quot; the harvest . &quot;
the great car that you &apos;ve ever been out of , is , &quot; realizing the greatest danger , &quot; the greatest danger you ever have , a attention of attention to &quot; realities . &quot;

in wirklich fehlte es mir so sehr an selbstsicherheit dass ich die krankenschwester fragte , welche sich um frau drucker kümmerte , &quot; glauben sie das es in ordnung ist , wenn sie nach hause geht ? &quot;
in fact , so lacking in confidence was i that i actually asked the nurse who was looking after mrs. drucker , &quot; do you think it &apos;s okay if she goes home ? &quot;
in fact , i felt so confident that the nurse asked the nursing sister to believe the woman , &quot; do you think it &apos;s okay when she goes home ? &quot;
in fact , it made me feel so much about self-certainty that i asked the nurse , which woman was paying attention to prints , &quot; do you think it &apos;s okay if you go home ? &quot;

während wir unsere wissenschaft immer weiter vorantreiben , kommen wir zunehmend in eine zone des unbehagens , wo wir anerkennen müssen , dass die simplistischen kategorien , die wir hatten vermutlich allzu simpel sind .
and as we get farther and farther with our science , we get more and more into a discomforted zone where we have to acknowledge that the simplistic categories we &apos;ve had are probably overly simplistic .
while we &apos;re continuing to push our science forward , we &apos;re increasingly in a zone of the car seat , where we have to recognize that the categories that we have had , probably , are too ubiquitous .
as we continue to continue our science further , we get increasingly into a zone where we need to recognize that the massive category categories that we &apos;ve probably had to be too simple .

all dies wurzelt in der mythologischen vergangenheit . das eigenartige an diesen großen häusern , in denen aufgrund der mischehen sechs oder sieben sprachen gesprochen werden , ist jedoch , dass man niemals jemanden hört , der eine sprache lernt .
and this is all rooted in the mythological past , yet the curious thing is in these long houses , where there are six or seven languages spoken because of intermarriage , you never hear anyone practicing a language .
all of this is rooted in the mythological past , which is a lot of these big houses in which they talked about , or six languages , but it &apos;s never that you ever hear somebody who learns a language .
all of this is in the mythological past , the rising of these big houses where the cheese six or seven languages are talked about , but you never hear somebody who &apos;s never learning a language .

die folge ist , dass jemand wie ich tatsächlich ein gehirn hat , dass mehr androgenen ausgesetzt war , als eine frau , die mit hoden geboren wurde , und einen androgenrezeptor-defekt hat .
the consequence is that somebody like me has actually had a brain exposed to more androgens than the woman born with testes who has androgen insensitivity syndrome .
the consequence is that somebody like me actually has a brain that more than a woman who has been born with the hostage , and she has a receptor defect .
the consequence is that somebody like me was actually given a brain that was more rooted than a woman who was born with the pants , and a androgend receptor .

aber in unserem spiel , anstatt von nur 5 leuten , sagen wir , jeder ist im dream-team , und es ist unsere aufgabe , die zukunft für energie , nahrung , gesundheit , sicherheit und die zukunft der sozialen gerechtigkeit zu erschaffen .
but in our game , instead of just having five people on the dream team , we said , &quot; everybody &apos;s on the dream team , and it &apos;s your job to invent the future of energy , the future of food , the future of health , the future of security and the future of the social safety net . &quot;
but in our game , instead of just five people , we say , everyone &apos;s in the dreamer team , and it &apos;s our task , for energy , health , security , and the future of social justice .
but in our game , instead of just five people , we say , everybody &apos;s in the dream-team , and it &apos;s our job , the future for energy , food , health , security and security of social justice .

in dieser riesigen unvollendeten symphonie des universums , ist das leben auf der erde nur kurz bemessen ; das tierreich , wie ein einzelner takt ; und des menschlichen lebens , eine kleine notenverzierung .
in this vast unfinished symphony of the universe , life on earth is like a brief measure ; the animal kingdom , like a single measure ; and human life , a small grace note .
in this huge empire of symphony of the universe , the life on the earth is just about measuring ; the animal , like a single day , and the human life , a small diversion .
in this huge complete symphony of the universe , the life on earth is just about to measure , the title , like a single day ; and the human life , a small notation .

und wenn wir an einer stelle sind , an der wir es an die nächste generation weitergeben können , und wir die attribute adoptieren können , die wir wollen , werden wir umgewandelt sein von alt-stil evolution zur neo-evolution .
and when we are at a position where we can pass it on to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes we want , we will have converted old-style evolution into neo-evolution .
and if we &apos;re at a place that we can pass on to the next generation , and we can adopt the adoption that we want to be , we &apos;re going to be transformed by algeo-evolution of evolution .
and if we &apos;re at a place where we can move on to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we want , we &apos;re going to be transformed by algae evolution to evolution .

nur wegen der tatsache , dass maria 3 monate verfrüht geboren wurde , erlangt sie alle möglichen rechte drei monate vor heinrich -- das recht einvernehmlichen sex zu haben , das recht zu wählen , das recht zu trinken .
simply by virtue of the fact that mary was born prematurely three months , she comes into all sorts of rights three months earlier than henry does -- the right to consent to sex , the right to vote , the right to drink .
but only because of the fact that maria has been born three months ago , they &apos;ve all got the rights of three months ago -- the right to have sex , to choose the right to drink .
just because of the fact that maria was born three months ago , they landed up all kinds of rights three months ago -- the right thing to do is to choose the right sex .

und das gesagt , mit ehrlichkeit und transparenz , mein gesamter talk &quot; heißen sie transparenz willkommen &quot; wurde ihnen präsentiert von meinen guten freunden von emc , die $ 7100 für die namensrechte bei ebay bezahlten .
and that being said , through honesty and transparency , my entire talk , &quot; embrace transparency , &quot; has been brought to you by my good friends at emc , who for $ 7,100 bought the naming rights on ebay .
and that &apos;s what i said , with honesty and transparency , my overall talk , &quot; you &apos;re welcome to &quot; welcome you &quot; from my good friends , the friends , the $ 100 namely for the rights ownership of ebay .
and that &apos;s said , with ambiguity and transparency , my total talk , &quot; it &apos;s called transparency , &quot; she &apos;s been represented by my good friends of emempire , the $ 100 for the rights of the rights rights .

falls ihnen übel wird - wenn sie leicht in ohnmacht fallen - ich habe das ein paar freunden letzte nacht im hotelzimmer vorgeführt , und einigen leuten , die ich nicht kannte , und dabei ist eine frau fast ohnmächtig geworden .
if you &apos;re queasy -- if you faint easily -- i was doing this for some friends in the hotel room last night , and some people that i didn &apos;t know , and one woman almost passed out .
if you &apos;re bent to them -- if you &apos;re light-minded into power -- i dropped a couple of friends in the last night in the hotel room , and some people i didn &apos;t know , and there &apos;s a woman who &apos;s been a most powerful woman .
if you &apos;re cheated -- if you &apos;re going to fall in ounce -- i &apos;ve spent a couple of friends in the hotel room in the hotel room , and some people i don &apos;t know , and that &apos;s almost a woman has become more powerful .

in anderen diensten , wie der herstellung von düngemitteln , 105 00 : 05 : 56,000 -- &amp; gt ; 00 : 05 : 58,000 oder dem luftverkehr oder luftverkehr , ist der spielraum für verbesserungen sehr viel kleiner .
there are other services like how we make fertilizer , or how we do air transport , where the rooms for improvement are far , far less .
in other services , like the manufacturing fertilizer , 105 : 55 : 655 -- which is 05 : 55 , or air traffic or air traffic , which is a lot of improvement for small circulation .
in other services , like the manufacturing of fertilizers , 105 : 55 : 65 : 6,000 -- 0.05 : 05 : 55 , 585 or air traffic traffic traffic , is the space for very small improvement .

sie hoben diese fotografien vom waldboden auf , versuchten hinter das gesicht oder die figur zu sehen , fanden nichts und schlussfolgerten , dass dies visitenkarten des teufels seien und töteten die fünf missionare mit dem speer .
they picked up these photographs from the forest floor , tried to look behind the face to find the form or the figure , found nothing , and concluded that these were calling cards from the devil , so they speared the five missionaries to death .
they raised these photographs from the forest floor on the floor , trying to see the face or the character , and they concluded that these are the maps of the deadly maps of the deadly maps and the five missions that were mixed with the spear .
they took this photographer from the forest , trying to see the face behind the face or the character , and they didn &apos;t look at anything , that this was the visitation of the devil maps of the devastating , and the five missioners were mixed with him .

und im grunde können sie das betrachten , wissen sie , als eine tyrannei des erinnernden selbst , und sie können sich das erinnernde selbst denken als eins , das sozusagen das erlebende selbst schleppt durch erfahrungen , die das erlebende selbst nicht braucht .
and basically you can look at this , you know , as a tyranny of the remembering self , and you can think of the remembering self sort of dragging the experiencing self through experiences that the experiencing self doesn &apos;t need .
and basically , you can look at this , you know , when a tyranny of the still , and you can remember the memory itself , as a living , that kind of sucks up the experience of life , which does not have to have the living self .
and basically , you can look at this , you know , as a tyrane of memory itself , and you can think of the memory itself as one that &apos;s a kind of alive for living through experience that doesn &apos;t need alive .

darin befindet sich – was ich gemacht habe ist , ich habe diesen code genommen – der code besteht aus normalen buchstaben , welche wir zum symbolisieren verwenden – und ich habe meine visitenkarte auf ein stück dna geschrieben und habe es 10 ^ 22 mal verstärkt .
but this has in it -- what i did is i took this code -- the code has standard letters that we use for symbolizing it -- and i wrote my business card onto a piece of dna and amplified it 10 to the 22 times .
there &apos;s a -- what i &apos;ve done is i &apos;ve taken this code -- the code is made out of normal letters that we use to symbolize symbolic -- and i &apos;ve written my clothes on a piece of dna , and it &apos;s written about 22 times .
so what i did -- what i &apos;ve done is i took this code -- the code is made of normal letters that we use to symbolic , and i &apos;ve written my visitation card on a piece of dna , and it &apos;s written 10 times .

wir nahmen eine ps3-kamera , haben sie auseinandergebaut , haben sie auf ein led-licht gesetzt und jetzt haben wir ein gerät das frei zugänglich ist – man kann es selbst bauen , wir stellen den code umsonst zur verfügung , die software kann man kostenlos herunterladen .
we took a ps3 camera , hacked it open , mounted it to an led light , and now there &apos;s a device that is free -- you build this yourself , we publish the code for free , you download the software for free .
we took a ps3-camera , we built it out , put it on a led-light light light , and now we &apos;ve got a free device -- you can build it yourself , let &apos;s put it on the code , you can download the software that you can download .
we took a ps3-camera , they made them out , put them on a led light , and now we &apos;ve got a device that &apos;s free -- you can build it yourself , we &apos;re able to use the code that you can download free .

es geht mir vielleicht eher darum , klar zu stellen , dass wir widrigkeiten nicht unbedingt überwinden müssen , sondern dass wir dafür offen sind , sie zum umarmen , sie am schopf zu packen um auch mal einen kampf-ausdruck zu verwenden und vielleicht sogar damit zu tanzen .
so maybe the idea i want to put out there is not so much overcoming adversity as it is opening ourselves up to it , embracing it , grappling with it , to use a wrestling term , maybe even dancing with it .
i &apos;m maybe more likely to make sure that we don &apos;t have to overcome the drill , but we &apos;re open to the poor , to the poor , to try and use a chamber chamber , and maybe even dance .
it &apos;s probably about me to make sure that we don &apos;t necessarily have to overcome it , but that we &apos;re open to the poor , to the poor , to put them on the top of the opera , to use a chamber term , and maybe even dance .

hier sieht es aus , als ob er nach einem date sucht , aber was er wirklich sucht , ist jemand , der ihn freischaufelt , wenn er eingeschneit ist , weil er weiß , er ist nicht sehr gut in der brandbekämpfung wenn er von einem meter schnee zugedeckt ist .
here it kind of looks like he &apos;s looking for a date , but what he &apos;s really looking for is for someone to shovel him out when he gets snowed in , because he knows he &apos;s not very good at fighting fires when he &apos;s covered in four feet of snow .
here it looks like he &apos;s looking for a date , but what he really is looking for , someone who &apos;s looking at it when he &apos;s fired , because he doesn &apos;t know it &apos;s very good at the exact level when he &apos;s hosted by a snow .
this is what it looks like when he &apos;s looking for a date , but what he &apos;s really looking for , is somebody who &apos;s released it when he &apos;s locked , because he knows , he &apos;s not very good at the bottom of a meter .

ich nahm sie mit und verschaftte ihnen zugang zu der welt da unten : astrobiologen , planetenwissenschaftler , leute , die sich für solche extremen situationen interessierten . ich nahm sie zu den quellen mit , damit sie sich umschauen , proben nehmen und instrumente testen konnten und so weiter .
and taking them down so that they had access -- astrobiologists , planetary scientists , people who were interested in these extreme environments -- taking them down to the vents , and letting them see , and take samples and test instruments , and so on .
i took them out and i gave them sheep to the world at the bottom of the astrobiologists , astroplanetary scientists who were interested in these extreme situations . i took them out with the sources so they could take samples and test for them and so on .
i took them with them , and i took them access to the world down there : astrobiologists , planetary scientists , people who were interested in these extremes of extreme situations , and i took them to look at the sources of the sources so they could take their samples and instruments .

wir wissen jetzt , dass geschlecht kompliziert genug ist , dass wir zugeben müssen , dass die natur für uns keine linie zwischen männlich und weiblich zieht , oder zwischen männlich und intersexuell und weiblich und intersexuell ; tastächlich sind wir es , die diese trennlinie als natürlich vorgeben .
in fact , we now know that sex is complicated enough that we have to admit nature doesn &apos;t draw the line for us between male and female , or between male and intersex and female and intersex ; we actually draw that line on nature .
now , we know that gender is complicated enough , that we have to admit that nature doesn &apos;t pulse for us between male and female , or between male and sexuality and sexual interdependent , and sexual interdependent ; we &apos;re the ones that are naked , of course .
we now know that gender is complicated enough that we have to admit that nature is not a line between us and female , or between male and sexual interactive and sexual interfaces ; we &apos;re convicted to the line of course .

dieses eigenartige ereignis war , dass ich kürzlich ein buch geschrieben habe – eine biografie namens <unk> eat , pray , love <unk> – , das , entschieden anders als alle meine vorherigen bücher aus irgendwelchen gründen in die welt hinausging und ein großes mega-ereignis , internationales bestseller-ding wurde .
and the peculiar thing is that i recently wrote this book , this memoir called &quot; eat , pray , love &quot; which , decidedly unlike any of my previous books , went out in the world for some reason , and became this big , mega-sensation , international bestseller thing .
this curious event was that i written recently written a book -- a biographical called acia , pray , pray -- that was different than all my previous books in the world that went out into the world , and a big event , which was polarized .
this rising event was that i wrote a book recently -- a biography named bizzy , pray , love , love , love -- which decided to be different than all my previous books from the world to any point of the world and a big global event , pollinators .

und dann kam eben von der do-it-yourself-bio org webseite der gründer , und hat gesagt o.k , wir müssen uns jetzt auch mal wirklich treffen , auch real treffen , und hat dann zwei veranstaltungen organisiert , eine in london , zweitausend zehn , und kurz darauf in den u.s.a , in san francisco .
we really need to meet up now , meet up personally , and he organised two events , one in london , in two thousand ten , and shortly after that in the usa , in san francisco .
and then came from the first do-it-yourself guito , who was the website , and said , okay , we need to really meet now , even meeting , and then two organizers , organized in london , a two-and-a-half thousand , and a thousand in san francisco to san francisco , in san francisco , in san francisco .
and then , and then , from the do-it-bio biorg , the fog website , and said ok , we &apos;ve got to really meet us now , really , really , real time , and then two events organized , in a second , a thousand , 10 , 10 to the u.s. in san francisco , in san francisco , in san francisco .

die menschliche fähigkeit sich anzupassen - das ist eine interessante geschichte , weil menschen mich immer wieder darum bitten zu erzählen , wie ich mit widrigkeiten umgehe und ich werde ihnen etwas gestehen : dieser satz hat für mich nie gepasst und ich hab mich immer sehr unwohl damit gefühlt , die fragen von menschen dazu zu beantworten , und ich glaube , allmählich verstehe ich , warum .
the human ability to adapt , it &apos;s an interesting thing , because people have continually wanted to talk to me about overcoming adversity , and i &apos;m going to make an admission : this phrase never sat right with me , and i always felt uneasy trying to answer people &apos;s questions about it , and i think i &apos;m starting to figure out why .
the human ability to adapt -- that &apos;s an interesting story , because people are always asking me to retell how i &apos;m going to deal with widesperate , and i &apos;m going to give you a little bit of that sentence for me , and i &apos;m always excited about this very uncomfortable to ask people to answer , and i think of why i understand why .
the human ability to adapt -- this is an interesting story , because people always ask me about telling me how i &apos;m going to go with wider drill and i &apos;m going to tell you something : this sentence for me , and i &apos;ve always felt very uncomfortable with the questions of people to answer and i think why i believe .

wissen sie , eines der großen vernügen beim reisen und eine der freuden bei der ethnographischen forschung ist , gemeinsam mit den menschen zu leben , die sich noch an die alten tage erinnern können . die ihre vergangenheit noch immer im wind spüren , sie auf vom regen geglätteten steinen berühren , sie in den bitteren blättern der pflanzen schmecken .
you know , one of the intense pleasures of travel and one of the delights of ethnographic research is the opportunity to live amongst those who have not forgotten the old ways , who still feel their past in the wind , touch it in stones polished by rain , taste it in the bitter leaves of plants .
you know , you know , one of the big classes in the travel , and one of the novelty of ethical research is to live in common with people who remember the old days , and they &apos;re still in the past , they &apos;re still swallowing away from the rain , and they &apos;re teaming down into a peddly plants .
you know , one of the great reasonably common things , and one of the pleasures of ethnic research is in the ethnography research , with the people who are still able to remember the old days . the past , they still feel in the wind of the rain , and they &apos;re touched on the rain , and they &apos;re touched in the trees .

und die haben da haben sich so zwei zwei bastler rangesetzt und gesagt , o.k , das machen wir einfacher und billiger , und haben dann eben aus open source , also frei verfügbarer hardware , elektroniksachen , sich diese dieses gerät zusammengebastelt und sind jetzt die haben das sogar zur marktreife gebracht und sind jetzt die der billigste anbieter von diesen geräten weltweit .
and they have there were two two tinkerers who went to work on it and said , okay , we can make this easier and cheaper , and put together this this piece of equipment from open source stuff , so freely available hardware and electronics and they &apos;re now the they &apos;ve now managed to make it ripe for the market and are currently the the cheapest providers of these devices worldwide .
so , the one , and the ones have set up so two tubes , and they say , o.k , we make it easier , and then , then , from open source available , open hardware , hardware , hardwired hardware , assembly things like this , and this device is now being brought together to the market , and that is even the cheap , of the cheap sales that are now more cheap .
and the one , and the ones have put together so two bailler and said , o.k , which we make simple and cheaper , and then we &apos;ve got open source open source , so you know , open source hardware hardware , you know , electronics , these electronics , and they &apos;ve now got this device , and this is actually the market that are now the cost of the world .

ich möchte mit einem gedicht enden , das von einem persischen poeten namens hafiz im 14. jahrhundert verfasst wurde und von dem mir mein freund jacques dembois erzählt hat . und das gedicht heißt &quot; der gott , der nur vier worte kennt . &quot; &quot; jedes kind kennt gott , nicht den gott der namen , nicht den gott der verbote , sondern den gott , der nur vier worte kennt und diese ständig wiederholt , er sagt immer nur : komm , tanz mit mir . &quot;
i &apos;d like to leave you with a poem by a fourteenth-century persian poet named hafiz that my friend , jacques dembois told me about , and the poem is called &quot; the god who only knows four words &quot; : &quot; every child has known god , not the god of names , not the god of don &apos;ts , but the god who only knows four words and keeps repeating them , saying , &apos; come dance with me .
i want to know that poem by a poem called the poem by a poem called &quot; haz &quot; in the 140th century , and my friend from the jacques booth , and my friend from jacques bois , and he told me that , &quot; god , the poem is called &quot; four words , &quot; the god , not the name of god , not the god , but the name of god , but always says , &quot; he just says , &quot; and he always repeatedly with me . &quot;
i want to end with a poem that i want to end with a poem with a poet poet poet named fiction in the 14th century , and i was told by my friend jacques bois , and that &apos;s called &quot; the god , &quot; the god , &quot; god knows , &quot; god doesn &apos;t know the name of god , but god knows the name of god , but the danger , and the dance says , &quot; and he always knows , &quot; i know , i know , &quot; and he always knows that . &quot;

