ja !
yeah .
yes !
yes !

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you very much .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

halt zweimal .
like twice over .
twice .
wait twice .

ja , sozusagen .
yes , so to speak .
yes , in a way .
yes , kind of .

robert gupta .
robert gupta .
robert gupta .
robert gupta .

ja , das geht .
yes , that &apos;s possible .
yeah , that &apos;s going on .
yes , that &apos;s going .

das ist sehr gut .
that &apos;s very good .
that &apos;s very good .
that &apos;s very good .

es ist also wahr .
so this is for real .
so it &apos;s true .
so it &apos;s true .

ich wundere mich .
i &apos;m surprised .
i wonder .
i wonder .

das ist echt cool . &quot;
this is really cool . &quot;
that &apos;s really cool . &quot;
that &apos;s really cool . &quot;

aber das hatte es nicht .
but it hadn &apos;t .
but it didn &apos;t .
but that didn &apos;t have it .

es hat ihm sehr gefallen .
he liked it very much .
it &apos;s got a lot of love .
it was very much like him .

ich werde das nie vergessen .
i will never forget it .
i &apos;ll never forget that .
i will never forget that .

wird es meine größe haben ?
is it going to be my size ?
is it going to have my size ?
is it going to have my size ?

das ist das spannende .
this is really exciting .
that &apos;s the exciting thing .
this is the exciting thing .

aus konflikten entsteht kreativität .
conflict is the genesis of creation .
conflicts emerge creativity .
in conflict , creativity comes from creativity .

und wie fühlte sich das an ?
and how did you feel ?
and how did that feel ?
and how did that feel ?

zum beispiel diese wahrnehmung im kontext .
for example perception in this context .
for example , this perception in context .
for example , this perception in context .

das machte mich wirklich traurig .
and this made me really sad .
that really made me sad .
that really made me sad .

jeder spricht heutzutage über das glück .
everybody talks about happiness these days .
everybody talks about happiness today .
everybody talks about happiness today .

wir hängen von zwei ländern ab .
we are dependent on two countries .
we depend on two countries .
we depend on two countries .

das war doch grandios .
i mean , that was epic .
that was a great thing .
this was a common dios .

ich kann nämlich alles behaupten .
logic does not make any statements about reality .
because i can say everything .
because i can claim everything .

die wahrheit ist mehr wie das hier .
the truth is more like this .
the truth is more like this .
the truth is more like this .

sobald der richter mich sah ,
and as soon as i walked inside , the judge saw me coming in .
once the judge saw me .
as soon as the judge looked at me .

dadurch wurde die dynamik wirklich verändert .
and it really changed the dynamic .
so the dynamics really changed .
it was really changed the dynamics .

sie fluteten die kanäle .
they flooded the canals .
they got the channels .
they flew the channels .

a hat diese vorteile und risiken .
a has these benefits , and these risks .
a has these benefits and risks .
a has these benefits and risks .

also könnte diese verrückte geschichte stimmen .
so , this crazy story might be true .
so this crazy story could be true .
so this crazy story could vote .

nun sehe ich greg lemond .
and i see greg lemond now .
now , i see greg moon .
now i see greg &apos;s moon .

in wie wir denken von norden her .
to what we &apos;re thinking from a northern perspective .
as we think of from north .
as we think of north .

danke , aber das beste kommt noch .
thanks . i haven &apos;t come to the best part .
thank you , but the best one is .
thank you , but the best thing comes .

es ist bisher konstant gestiegen .
it &apos;s been constantly going up .
it &apos;s been constant .
it &apos;s now convicted .

ich habe versucht , sie zu verstehen .
i &apos;ve tried looking at them and telling you how they work .
i tried to understand them .
i tried to understand them .

also folgte ich meinem bauchgefühl .
so i followed my hunches .
so i followed my building feeling .
so i followed my farm .

und frauen argumentierten das erfolgreich .
and women successfully argued that .
and women argued the successful .
and women argued the successful thing .

&quot; das ist erfolg &quot; , sagte er .
&quot; that &apos;s success , &quot; he said .
&quot; that &apos;s success , &quot; he said .
&quot; that &apos;s success , &quot; he said .

ich habe ein paar ganz einfache dinge gelernt .
it &apos;s just taught me very simple things .
i learned a few very simple things .
i learned a few simple things .

jeder würde gerne die leute glücklicher machen .
everybody would like to make people happier .
everyone would like to make people happier .
everybody would like to make people happier .

seine persönlichen impressionen der seerosen .
his personal impressions of the waterlilies .
his personal emissions of the erotic erosion .
his personal impressions of the seaerotic .

es sollte wieder die beiden elemente enthalten .
well , again , it should have the two elements .
it should contain the two elements .
it should contain the two elements again .

bisher war dies ein problem für supercomputer .
and up until now , it &apos;s been a supercomputer problem .
so this was a problem for supercomputers .
so this was a problem for supercomputer .

ich werde müde , wie wir alle .
i do get tired , as we all do .
i &apos;m going to get tired , as we all do .
i &apos;m going to be tired , like we all .

sie sorgen dafür das wir schlechter da stehen .
they actually make us worse off .
they care about that we &apos;re getting worse .
they worry about that we &apos;re bad there .

&quot; nachhaltige proteine &quot; , sagte er .
&quot; sustainable proteins , &quot; he said .
&quot; sustainable proteins , &quot; he said .
&quot; sustainable proteins , &quot; he said .

es war etwas , dass wir zu tun wussten .
it &apos;s something we knew how to do .
it was something we knew to do .
it was something that we knew to do .

davon ließ ich mich aber nicht entmutigen .
but i didn &apos;t let that daunt me .
but i didn &apos;t let myself discourage .
but i didn &apos;t get away from that .

ich sagte : » ok , oma . «
i said , &quot; okay , mama . &quot;
i said , &quot; ok , oma . &quot;
i said , &quot; ok , oma . &quot;

wir sind für rund 130.000 jahren hier gewesen .
we have been here for about 130,000 years .
we &apos;ve been here for 130,000 years .
we &apos;ve been here for about 130,000 years .

natürlicht bietet sich dann smart-grid an .
of course this lends itself to a smart grid .
natural light then offers smartphones .
natural light then provides smartphone .

es wird durch sauerstoff und silikate verbunden .
it &apos;s all bound by oxygen and silicates .
it &apos;s connected by oxygen and silicon .
it &apos;s connected by oxygen and sizable .

es war beinah jenseits der vorstellungskraft .
it was almost beyond the threshold of imagination .
it was the idea of the imagination .
it was beyond the imagination .

es war sommer und ich hatte shorts an .
it was summertime : i had shorts on .
it was summer and i had shots .
it was summer and i had a little bit .

und wir wollen dieses material für alle verfügbar machen .
and we want to make this material accessible to everyone .
and we want to make this material available for everyone .
and we want to make this material available for all of us .

wir haben doch schon zwanzig prozent in deutschland .
we have twenty percent in germany .
we have 20 percent in germany .
we &apos;ve already got 20 percent in germany .

diese investition in afrika in den letzten 30 jahren .
this investment in africa over the last 30 years .
this investment in africa over the last 30 years .
this investment in africa in the last 30 years .

die leute scheinen zu denken , politik ist sexy .
people seem to think politics is sexy .
people seem to think , politics is sexy .
people seem to think politics is sexy .

wir stellten fest , dass es sich wirklich seltsam bewegt .
we found it was moving in really weird ways .
we found that it really moves strange .
we found that it &apos;s really weird .

heute spreche ich zu ihnen über energie und klima .
i &apos;m going to talk today about energy and climate .
i &apos;m talking to you today about energy and climate .
today i &apos;m going to talk to you about energy and climate .

ich war ein zwanghaft obsessiver student .
i was an obsessive compulsive student .
i was a 20-obsessed student .
i was a compelling student .

es ist natanz und es ist nur natanz .
it is natanz , and it is only natanz .
it &apos;s natching , and it &apos;s just natocity .
it &apos;s natance and it &apos;s just nating .

ich dachte , bringen wir den pokereinsatz gleich .
i thought , let &apos;s up the ante , once .
i thought we &apos;re going to put the pokermit in the same way .
i thought we &apos;re going to put the smallpox at the same time .

aber jetzt können sie meine finger nicht zählen , oder ?
but you can &apos;t count my fingers right now can you ?
but now you can &apos;t count my fingers , right ?
but now you can &apos;t count my fingers , right ?

ich zeige ihnen ein beispiel dessen , was ich meine .
i &apos;m going to show you one example of what i &apos;m talking about .
i &apos;m going to show you an example of what i mean .
i &apos;m going to show you an example of what i mean .

aber das , wofür dieses bild steht , ist ein problem .
but what this image represents was the problem .
but what this picture says is a problem .
but that &apos;s what this picture is , is a problem .

machen sie das einmal und dann erfahren sie den satz .
you do this and then you &apos;ll see the sentence , although i &apos;m with the fire brigade , i &apos;m interested in pyrotechnical things .
and then they do that once , and then they experience the sentence .
and then they do that , and then they experience the sentence .

wir hatten in diesem land gestern keine kinderlähmung .
we didn &apos;t have polio in this country yesterday .
we had no child paralysis in this country yesterday .
we had no child paralysis yesterday in this country yesterday .

ich meine , das ist eine echte kognitive falle .
i mean , this is a real cognitive trap .
i mean , this is a real cognitive drive .
i mean , that &apos;s a real cognitive child .

wir kehrten zum wrack der titanic zurück .
we went back to the titanic wreck .
we went back to the cave of titanic .
we went back to the titanium of titanic .

lähmung ist eine folge von zu vielen wahlmöglichkeiten .
so paralysis is a consequence of having too many choices .
paralysis is a sequence of too many choices .
paralysis is a sequence of many choices .

hier ist die aktualisierte version dieses eintrags .
here &apos;s the updated version of this entry .
here &apos;s the current version of this contract .
here &apos;s the current version of this trajectory .

mit pivot können sie eintauchen in ein jahrzehnt .
with pivot , you can drill into a decade .
with pivot , they can dive into a decade .
with pivot , they can dive into a decade .

er sagte : &quot; fisch ? ich weiß nichts über fisch .
he said , &quot; fish ? i didn &apos;t know anything about fish .
he said , &quot; fish ? i don &apos;t know anything about fish .
he said , &quot; fish ? i don &apos;t know anything about fish .

wenn wir anfangen , so darüber nachdenken , ändert das alles .
and , you know , if we think about it this way it starts to change everything .
when we start thinking about it , it changes everything .
if we start thinking about this , it changes everything .

sie wollen ihre geschichten erzählen . sie wollen ihre geschichten teilen .
they want to tell their stories . they want to share their stories .
they want to tell their stories . they want to share their stories .
they want to tell their stories . they want to share their stories .

da schmunzelte er und meinte , so ?
he smiled and said , oh ?
and he said , &quot; right ? &quot;
there was shunrocks and they said , &quot; so ? &quot;

oder andere modelle , oder sogar technische spezifikationen .
or other models , or even technical specifications .
or other models , or even technical specifications .
or other models , or even technical specifications .

sie wurden gebeten , alle 60 sekunden über ihre schmerzen zu berichten .
they were asked to report on their pain every 60 seconds .
they were asked to report all 60 seconds on their pain .
they were asked to report all 60 seconds about their pain .

das ist eine idiotische debatte . sie muss aufhören .
it &apos;s an idiotic debate . it has to stop .
this is an idiotic debate . she has to stop .
this is an iconic debate . it has to stop .

gewissermassen überflügelt uns die technik also .
so in a sense , it &apos;s getting ahead of us .
so , in some sense , mattered us to do the technology .
so , in some sense , the technology gives us the technology .

wissen sie , wir hören derzeit eine ganze menge über transparenz .
you see , we hear a lot about transparency these days .
you know , we &apos;re hearing a lot of transparency on transparency .
you know , we &apos;re hearing a whole lot about transparency .

ich bin jessi und das hier ist mein koffer .
i &apos;m jessi , and this is my suitcase .
i &apos;m jessi , and this is my suitcase .
i &apos;m jessi and this is my suitcase .

und wenn möglich , werde ich einige der seltsamen finden .
and if i can , i &apos;ll find some of the sort of weird ones .
and if possible , i will find some of the strange amongst you .
and if possible , i &apos;ll find some of the strange amps .

dann wollten sie sie töten , denn man konnte sie gut essen .
and then they wanted to kill it because it was good to eat .
then they wanted to kill them , because you could eat them well .
then they wanted to kill them , because you could eat them well .

und die nächste interessante phase dauerte ungefähr eine weitere milliarde jahre .
and so the next stage that &apos;s interesting in life took about another billion years .
and the next interesting phase took about another billion years .
and the next interesting phase took about another billion years .

aber es ist der klang der sauberen kohletechnologie .
but that &apos;s the sound of clean coal technology .
but it &apos;s the sound of clean coal technology .
but it &apos;s the sound of sauce technology .

ich glaube daran und ich habe das gefühl , wir sollten das lehren .
i believe this and i feel that we must teach it .
i think and i have the feeling that we should teach that .
i think and i have the feeling , we should teach that .

ich ging durch die notfallabteilung auf meinem weg nach hause .
i walked through the emergency department on my way home .
i went through the emergency room at my home .
i went through the emergency department on my way home .

unsere vorstellungskraft ist eine kraft , die sogar eine realität schaffen kann .
imagination is a force that can actually manifest a reality .
our imagination is a force that can actually create a reality .
our imagination is a force that can even create a reality .

wir werden uns in den nächsten tagen noch ein paar mal begegnen .
i will be seeing you several times over the next few days .
we &apos;re going to see ourselves in the next few days .
we &apos;re going to meet ourselves in the next few days .

auch das , also in jedem laden kann man die dinge zurückkriegen .
that too , so you can get back those things in any shop .
so that , in every store , you can get things back .
so , in every store , you can get the things back .

ich war der einzige , der mit den flugbegleitern sprechen konnte .
i was the only one who could talk to the flight attendants .
i was the only one who could talk to the airport .
i was the only one who could talk to the airplanes .

hier hebt er einen seltenen gleitaar hervor .
here , he &apos;s pointing out a rare black-shouldered kite .
here , he lifts a rare tapestry .
here he heels a rare evening .

wir können von dem poster zu einer physischen ansicht dieser umgebung wechseln .
we can dive in from the poster to a physical view of this environment .
we can change from the poster to a physical view of this environment .
we can change from the poster to a physical view of this environment .

und das beste daran ist möglicherweise , was uns im bereich gesundheit erwartet .
probably the best part of it is what &apos;s coming down the pike in health .
and the best part of this is probably what we expect in health .
and the best thing about this is , which is what we expect in the area of health .

wenn sie sich die leute anschauen , mit denen sie es zu tun haben ...
when you look at the people you deal with ..
if you look at the people who have you to do it ...
if you look at the people who you have to do it ...

von dieser zeit spricht eine anekdote , die sie vielleicht kennen .
an anecdote you might know talks about this time .
from that time , a anecdote that you may know .
from this time , an anecdote that you may know .

wir setzen spiele ein , um dem leiden der echten welt zu entkommen .
we &apos;re using games to escape real-world suffering .
we &apos;re putting games to get to the real world .
we play games to get the suffering of the real world .

es stellt sich also als sehr schwer heraus all diesen erweiterungen nachzukommen .
so it &apos;s extremely hard to do all of those additions .
so it turns out it &apos;s very hard to figure out all these extensions .
so it turns out that it &apos;s very difficult to come out of all these extensions .

sollte ich auf diese e-mail antworten ? sollte ich diesen brief schreiben ? &quot;
should i respond to this email ? should i draft this letter ? &quot;
should i respond to this email ? should i write this letter ? &quot;
should i respond to this email ? should i write this letter ? &quot;

also bot ich einen 10000 $ preis an software für die gewinner .
so i offered a 10,000 dollar prize of software to the winning team .
so i offered a 100,000 dollars on software for the winner .
so i offered a $ 100,000 dollars for the winner .

dieses stück 50 jahre alte technologie wurde das magischste ding für mich .
and this piece of 50-year-old technology became the most magical thing to me .
this piece of 50 years old technology became the most magical thing for me .
this piece of 50 years of old technology became the magic thing for me .

meine freunde aus honduras haben mich gebeten zu sagen , danke ted .
and my friends from honduras asked me to say thank you , ted .
my friends from honduras asked me to say , thank you ted .
my friends from honhonduras asked me to say , thank you ted .

das möchten wir als einen möglichen impuls für das flyfire nutzen .
so we want to use this as one of the possible inputs for flyfire .
this is what we want to use as a potential pulse for the flyaches .
that &apos;s what we want to use as a possible impulse for the flyanother .

da sieht man dann schon , welche enormen geschwindigkeitsmöglichkeiten da gibt .
so you see what enormous potential for speed there is here .
you can see that there &apos;s an enormous amount of opportunity there .
and then you can see what &apos;s enormous speed of opportunity there .

und sie werden gefragt : &quot; wer von beiden hat mehr gelitten ? &quot;
and you are asked , &quot; who of them suffered more ? &quot;
and they &apos;re asked , &quot; who has more suffered ? &quot;
and you &apos;re going to ask , &quot; who has more drawn ? &quot;

und wie ich das wort gerechtigkeit sage , ist dieses unangenehme gefühl weg .
and when i say the word justice , this feeling disappears .
and as i say the word justice , this unpleasant feeling is .
and as i say the word justice , this unpleasant feeling .

das ist das ergebnis von schnelleren computern , die schnellere computer bauen .
this is the result of faster computers being used to build faster computers .
this is the outcome of faster computers building faster computers .
this is the result of faster computers building faster computers .

ich bin jane mcgonigal . ich entwerfe computerspiele .
i &apos;m jane mcgonigal . i &apos;m a game designer .
i &apos;m jane mcgonigal . i play computer games .
i &apos;m jane mcigal . i play video games .

sie mögen denken , dass er finken jagte , aber das stimmt nicht .
and you &apos;d think he was chasing finches , but he wasn &apos;t .
you might think he was finishing , but that &apos;s not true .
you might think that he was hungry , but that &apos;s not true .

gleichgroße kräfte mit gegensätzlichem vorzeigenzeichen lösen einander auf .
two equally large forces with opposite signsnatures will cancel each other out .
equally large forces with counterintuitive signs to each other .
big forces with counter-precedented signs to each other .

dies ist ein porträt des fotografen phil toledano .
this is a portrait by a photographer named phil toledano .
this is a portrait of photographers of photographil leo .
this is a portress of the photographer toledano .

und über 10.000 aeds wurden schon in den niederlanden gemeldet .
and over 10,000 aeds already in the netherlands already have been submitted .
and over 10,000 aeds have been melted in the netherlands .
and over 10,000 aeds have been collected in the netherlands .

die seele ist so etwas geistiges , sagt etwa leibniz .
it does not have a tangible , material nature .
the soul is so much a sticky thing , says about bniz .
the soul is something like this , says a little bit of leibniz .

ich sage , ulf , wozu brauchst du so &apos; n großes auto ?
i say , ulf , why do you need such a big car ?
i say , ulf , what do you need to do ?
i say ulf , what do you need to do so big car ?

all diese auswahlmöglichkeiten haben zwei effekte , zwei negative effekte auf menschen .
all of this choice has two effects , two negative effects on people .
all of these choices have two effects , two negative effects on humans .
all of these choices have two effects , two negative effects on people .

und wir werden die regierung nicht verbessern , bis wir die staatsbürgerschaft verbessern .
and we &apos;re not going to fix government until we fix citizenship .
and we &apos;re not going to improve the government until we improve governance .
and we &apos;re not going to improve government until we improve the state .

dann kam die nächste generation , in der wir heute eigentlich noch primär leben .
then the next generation came , which is where we &apos;re still primarily at .
and then the next generation , where we actually live today .
and then the next generation that we &apos;re actually going to live in today is still primarily .

teilweise auch mit diesen hackerspaces , also diesen orten zusammen dort eingetragen .
some of them are also registered together with the hackerspaces , those places .
partly with these hairs , so they put together these places together .
in part , with these hackers , so these places have been put together there .

wie kann ich ihnen meine fehler lehren , so dass sie nicht dieselben begehen ?
how can i teach them about what i did so that they don &apos;t do the same thing ?
how can i teach them my mistakes so that they don &apos;t go the same ?
how can i teach them my mistakes so that they don &apos;t go the same ?

jeder einzelne harvard angestellte nimmt jetzt automatisch an einem lebenszeitfond teil .
every single harvard employee is now automatically enrolled in a lifecycle fund .
every single harvard harvard is now taking automatically to a lifetime of time .
every single harvard has now taken automatically to a lifetime of life .

und nach zwei , drei tagen wurde klar , dass sie nie wieder erwachen würde .
and over the next two or three days , it was clear that she was never going to wake up .
and after two , three days , it became clear that she would never wake up .
and after two , three days , it was clear that she would never go back again .

sie hat mein leben gerettet , und mein partner und ich retteten ihres .
she saved my life ; i and my partner saved hers .
she saved my life , and my partner and my partner and i saved her .
she saved my life , and my partner and i returned to her .

ich rede über rasse und die frage , ob wir das recht haben , zu töten .
i talk about race and this question of whether we deserve to kill .
i &apos;m talking about race and the question of whether we have the right to kill .
i &apos;m talking about race and the question , whether we have this right to kill .

sprecher : bin ladens tod bringt ein erhöhtes gefahrenrisiko mit sich .
threats , in the wake of bin laden &apos;s death , have spiked .
there &apos;s lap of death that &apos;s a increased risk of driving risk .
: i &apos;m an invitation death is going to get an increased risk of risk .

und die plastikflasche , die wir jeden tag wegwerfen immer noch da bleibt .
and the plastic bottle we &apos;re throwing away every day still stays there .
and the plastic bottle that we throw away every day .
and the plastic bottle that we still throw away every day .

es gibt deine version , es gibt meine version , und es gibt die wahre version . &quot;
there &apos;s your story , there &apos;s my story and there &apos;s the real story . &quot;
there &apos;s your version , there &apos;s my version , and there &apos;s the real version . &quot;
there &apos;s your version , there &apos;s my version , and there &apos;s the true version . &quot;

also dies ist live im internet . es wird von seadragon angetrieben .
and so this is live on the web . it &apos;s powered by seadragon .
so this is live on the internet . it &apos;s driven by seadragon .
so this is live in the internet . it &apos;s driven by seadragon .

wenn sie nach dem glück des erinnernden selbst fragen ist es eine ganz andere sache .
if you ask for the happiness of the remembering self , it &apos;s a completely different thing .
if you &apos;re lucky to remember the memory itself , it &apos;s a very different thing .
if you &apos;re lucky for the memory of memory itself , it &apos;s a very different thing .

die große frage ist also : &quot; worin genau sind spieler meisterhaft gut ? &quot;
so , the big question is , &quot; what exactly are gamers getting so good at ? &quot;
so the big question is , &quot; what are you in the same player ? &quot;
so the big question is , &quot; what are the players doing right ? &quot;

das set war nämlich eine genaue kopie der baupläne des schiffs .
and the set was based as an exact replica on the blueprints of the ship .
because the set was an accurate copy of the building plans .
and that was an accurate copy of the building plans of the ship .

das sind echte patienten , die sich einer schmerzhaften prozedur unterziehen .
those are actual patients undergoing a painful procedure .
these are real patients that form a painful proof of of province .
these are real patients who are moving to a painful prohip .

haben mit investoren verhandelt , ich habe neue gesellschafter gesucht .
we negotiated with investors , i looked for new shareholders .
with investors , i &apos;ve picked new personal sheets .
with investors , i have a new sheep of sheep .

es mag ihnen seltsam erscheinen , aber ich bin ein großer fan von betonblocksteinen .
this may sound strange , but i &apos;m a big fan of the concrete block .
it may seem strange to you , but i &apos;m a big fan of concrete blocks .
it may seem strange , but i &apos;m a big fan of concrete block .

er macht eine aussage darüber im jetzt zu leben und vielleicht auch darüber dinge langsam zu tun .
it makes points about living in the moment as well , and probably about doing things slowly .
it makes a statement about life now , and maybe to do things slowly .
he makes a statement about life now , and maybe about doing things slowly .

es ist ein blog , wo man sieht , wie man die marshmallows baut .
it &apos;s a blog that you can look at how to build the marshmallows .
it &apos;s a blog where you can see the marshmallows .
it &apos;s a blog where you see the marshmallows .

und wenn man das tut , erhält man schließlich eine cyber- massenvernichtungswaffe .
and if you do that , what you end up with is a cyber weapon of mass destruction .
and if you do that , you eventually get a cybermass destruction .
and if you do that , you finally get a cybercy -- mass destruction .

es gibt technische konzepte wie beispielsweise die augmented reality , das heißt die erweiterte realität .
i &apos;d like to explain that a little more .
there are technical concepts like augmented reality , which means augmented reality .
there are technical concepts like augmented reality , which is called the expanding reality .

eine über allem maßen geschätzte freundlichkeit : jemand hatte ihr sogar ein paar schuhe gebracht .
the act of kindness she noted above all others : someone had even gotten her a pair of shoes .
one of the things about everything that &apos;s done is that somebody had actually brought her a pair of shoes .
one of the things about the most powerful friendly : somebody had even brought her a few shoes .

ihn gibt es in hülle und fülle in amerika , und er hilft unserer wirtschaft zu wachsen .
he &apos;s abundant here in america , and he helps our economy grow .
there are plenty of effort and plenty of america , and it helps us grow our economy .
it &apos;s in hip and glasses in america , and it helps to grow our economy .

es ist etwas dazwischen und wir denken es ändert die art und weise wie informationen genutzt werden können .
it &apos;s in between , and we think it changes the way information can be used .
it &apos;s something in between , and we think it changes the way information can be used .
it &apos;s something between , and we think it changes the way information can be used .

wir haben eine kleine verkostungsecke direkt am eingang des geschäfts aufgestellt .
we set up a little tasting booth right near the entrance of the store .
we &apos;ve put a little coincidence on the entrance of the business .
we put a little formula directly directly on the business of the business .

wenn länder sich in orten wie koppenhagen treffen , sollten sie nicht nur über co2 sprechen .
when countries get together in places like copenhagen , they shouldn &apos;t just discuss the co2 .
if countries are in places like copenhagen , they shouldn &apos;t just talk about co2 .
if countries come in places like cophagen , they shouldn &apos;t just talk about co2 .

anstatt sich darüber den kopf zu zerbrechen , verbrennen sie es einfach . eine tolle sache .
so , instead of worrying about them , you just take that . it &apos;s a great thing .
instead of breaking your head , you just burn it . a great thing .
instead of breaking up the head , they just burn it . a great thing .

und wenn ich wirklich ehrlich bin sind sie ein besserer koch als ich es je sein werde .
and if i &apos;m going to be really honest , they &apos;re a better chef than i &apos;ll ever be .
and when i &apos;m really honest , they &apos;re a better chef than i will ever be .
and if i &apos;m really honest , you &apos;re a better cook than i will ever be .

als arzt kann man gutes tun . als fürsorglicher arzt aber kann man noch mehr tun .
if you &apos;re a doctor you can do some good things , but if you &apos;re a caring doctor you can do some other things .
as a doctor , you can do good . as a dense doctor , but you can do more .
as a doctor , you can do good . as a fear doctor , but you can still do more .

dies ist ein realistischerer fall . dies ist eine ausgabe von the guardian .
this is a more realistic case . this is an issue of the guardian .
this is a realistic case . this is a copy of the guardian .
this is a realistic case . this is a copy of guardian .

ich würde mich mit ihnen gerne darüber unterhalten , warum so viele elektronische gesundheits-projekte fehlschlagen .
i would like to talk to you about why many e-health projects fail .
i &apos;d like to talk to you about why so many electronic health projects are missing .
i &apos;d like to talk to you about why so many electronic health projects are missing .

wenn ich sie fragen würde , die großen weltreligionen aufzuzählen , was würden sie sagen ?
if i asked you to name the great religions of the world , what would you say ?
if i was going to ask you to count the big world-class religions , what would you say ?
if i asked you to count the big worlds of space , what would you say ?

ich glaube das gesamtbild ergibt sinn , wenn man es in einige milliarden-schritte unterteilt .
so i think this picture makes sense if you look at it a few billion years at a time .
i think the overall picture is , if you divide it into a couple of billion steps .
i think the whole picture is that if you divide it in a couple of billion steps .

betrachten wir zunächst die realität dass die menschen heute , in manchen kulturen entscheidungen über ihre nachkommen machen .
consider , first , the reality that people today , in some cultures , are making choices about their offspring .
first of all , we &apos;re looking at the reality that people today are making decisions about their decisions .
now , let &apos;s look at the reality that people today are making decisions in some cultures .

und das ist passiert , weil ich etwas mit meinen beinen erlebt habe und nicht trotz dieser erlebnisse .
and it &apos;s because of the experiences i &apos;ve had with them , not in spite of the experiences i &apos;ve had with them .
and this is what happens because i &apos;ve experienced something with my legs , and not despite those experiences .
and that &apos;s happened because i &apos;ve experienced something with my legs , and not despite those experiences .

wir arbeiten mit universitäten in ganz schwarzafrika und laden sie ein , soziales umgestalten zu lernen .
working with universities all over sub-saharan africa , and we are inviting them to learn social innovation skills .
we &apos;re working with universities in sub-saharan africa and invite them to create social development .
we &apos;re working with universities in very dark africa and invite them to learn social design .

ich selbst habe ihn vom cub scout magic der pfadfinder in den 1970ern gelernt .
i learned it myself from cub scout magic in the 1970s .
i even learned it from the cub scores of the path of the fins in the 1970s .
i &apos;ve even learned him from the cub of the ppedals in the 1970s .

also drei sehr schwierige probleme , die vielleicht lösbar sind , und an denen man deshalb arbeiten sollte .
so three very tough problems that might be solvable , and so , should be worked on .
so three very difficult problems that are perhaps solvable , and that &apos;s why you should work on them .
so three very difficult problems that might be solvable , and that &apos;s why you should work .

in diesem fall habe ich mit menschen gearbeitet , die körpertypen haben , die sozialen normen in frage stellen .
in that case , what i &apos;ve worked with is people who have body types that challenge social norms .
in this case , i &apos;ve been working with people who have physical types of social norms in question .
in this case , i &apos;ve been working with people who have bodies who have social norms in question .

ich bin überzeugt , dass man irgendwie zur nostalgie , zu wunschdenken hingezogen ist .
i &apos;m convinced that there &apos;s some sort of pull to nostalgia , to wishful thinking .
i &apos;m convinced that you &apos;re kind of moved to nostalgia , you know , cry .
i &apos;m convinced that you &apos;re kind of moved to nostalgia , to wonder .

und das war ein beispiel , auf welche weise unsere eigenen regierungen die technologie gegen uns , die bürger , einsetzen .
and this is an example of the ways that our own governments are using technology against us , the citizens .
and this was an example , which is our own governments for us to use the technology for us to use citizens .
and this was an example of what our governments are using the technology against us , the citizens , the citizens .

denn offensichtlich wird ein tier , das es sehr häufig gab , erst einmal selten , bevor es ausstirbt .
because , obviously , an animal that is very abundant , before it gets extinct , it becomes rare .
because obviously , an animal that has been very often , has been rare before it dies .
because obviously there &apos;s a animal that was very often , very rarely before it dies .

seine mutter wurde eingesperrt , als bestrafung für -- für das verbrechen wohlhabend zu sein .
his mother was incarcerated for the crime of being wealthy .
his mother was arrested as a punishment for -- for the crime to be wealthy .
his mother was tortured as a punishment for -- for the crime .

ich werde mich auf eine statistik beziehen von der ich hoffe , dass die meisten von ihnen schon mal gehört haben .
i &apos;m going to focus on one stat that i hope a lot of you have heard of .
i &apos;m going to include a statistic that i hope most of you have heard about .
i &apos;m going to be involved in a gift that i hope that most of you have heard .

sehen wir uns doch einmal an , was wir im letzten jahrhundert erreicht haben , damit wir die entwicklung vorhersehen können .
so let &apos;s look at what this last century has been to see where we &apos;re going .
let &apos;s look at what we &apos;ve achieved in the last century , so we can predict the development .
let &apos;s see what we &apos;ve achieved in the last century so we can see the development .

und diese traurigkeit formierte sich wirklich in einem gedanken , nämlich dass ich mir nur eine sache wünsche .
and that sadness really framed in one thought , which is , i only wish for one thing .
and this sadness really formed into a thought , which is that i just wish one thing .
and that sadness was really thinking in a thought that i only want to have a wish thing .

schließlich aber entschied ich mich , mein gott , ich muss ja ins gericht und diesen verrückten fall vortragen .
and i finally decided , oh gosh , i &apos;ve got to go to the court and do this crazy case .
but finally , i decided , my god , i have to go to the court and wear this crazy case .
but finally , i decided , my god , i have to go to the court and wear this crazy case .

es wird geschätzt , dass über 400 milliarden steine produziert wurden - oder 75 steine für jede person auf diesem planeten .
it &apos;s estimated that over 400 billion bricks have been produced -- or 75 bricks for every person on the planet .
it &apos;s estimated that over 400 billion stones have been produced -- or 75 stones for each person on this planet .
it &apos;s estimated that over 400 billion stones were produced -- or 75 stones for every person on this planet .

eine methode , welche besonders interessant ist , und welche ich in letzter zeit oft verwendet habe , ist die evolution selber .
one method that &apos;s particularly interesting that i &apos;ve been using a lot lately is evolution itself .
one way , which is particularly interesting , and which i used in the last time is the evolution itself .
a method which is particularly interesting , and what i used in the last time is evolution .

aber jetzt kommt &apos; s : wenn sie beweise bekommen müssen sie diese beweise annehmen , und darin sind wir nicht gut .
but here &apos;s the thing : when you get proof , you need to accept the proof , and we &apos;re not that good at doing that .
but now , when you get the evidence , you have to take that evidence , and we &apos;re not good at it .
but now , when you get evidence , you have to get this evidence , and we &apos;re not good at it .

und ja , die diskussion geht immer um die frage , wie weit kann man dort ein stück weit zukunft vorwegnehmen .
and yes , the discussion always revolves around how much of the future you can anticipate .
and yes , the discussion is always about the question of how far you can take a piece of future away .
and yes , the discussion is always about the question of how far you can take a piece of future .

es gibt sehr , sehr wenige dinge , die sie überhaupt sagen können , von denen es eine chance in einer millionen gibt .
there are very , very few things that they can even say there &apos;s a chance in a million of those things .
there are very , very few things that you can even say , of which there &apos;s a chance in a million .
there are very , very few things that you can say at all that there &apos;s a chance in a million .

von den menschen die stehen blieben als es 24 waren , kauften nur drei prozent tatsächlich ein glas marmelade .
of the people who stopped when there were 24 , only three percent of them actually bought a jar of jam .
from the people who love the trees as though it was 24 , only three percent actually buy a glass .
from the people who stayed when it was 24 , only three percent actually had a glass melting .

heute wollen wir darüber sprechen , wie videos viral werden , und anschließend , weshalb das überhaupt wichtig ist .
so we &apos;re going to talk a little bit today about how videos go viral and then why that even matters .
today , we want to talk about how videos become vivior , and we &apos;re looking at this , which is important at all .
today , we want to talk about how videos are going to be viviral , and finally , why that &apos;s important at all .

bitte helfen sie uns dabei und versuchen sie , die gesundheit nicht nur etwas zu verbessern , sondern in die hand zu nehmen .
so please help us on this one and try to make not only health a little bit better , but take control of it .
please help us improve and try to improve health not just something , but take the hand .
please help us and try to improve the health , not just to improve something , but to take the hand .

hierzu müssen sie sich ein weiteres philosophisches thema , ein dauerbrenner aus der philosophie , präsent halten .
that has to do with us going back to the fourteenth
you have to remember another philosophical theme , a permanent burning of philosophy , present .
so you have to think of another philosophical topic , a permanent burning of philosophy , present .

und jenes team , das regelt und auf die arbeit achtet wird die leistung des teams signifikant verbessern .
and any team who manages and pays close attention to work will significantly improve the team &apos;s performance .
and that team , the rules , and at the work , is going to improve the performance of the team .
and it &apos;s a team that &apos;s regulated , and it &apos;s going to improve the work of the team of fiction .

sie leben in den tiefen des kongolesischen urwalds , und sind der beobachtung nur schwer zugänglich .
they live in the depths of the congolese jungle , and it has been very difficult to study them .
they live in the deep configuration of the gold uranium , and they are the observation only difficult .
they live in the deep gulf of the gulesian forest , and they &apos;re just the observation of observation .

und dann gibt es do-it-yourself-bio dot org , d.i.y.bio .
and then there &apos;s do-it-yourself-bio- dot-org , diy bio .
and then there &apos;s do-it-orano papert org , which is that i.iy.bio .
and then there &apos;s do-it-bio doorg doorg , which is i.y. bio .

wer hätte &quot; double rainbow &quot; oder rebecca black oder &quot; nyan cat &quot; voraussagen können ?
who could have predicted &quot; double rainbow &quot; or rebecca black or &quot; nyan cat ? &quot;
who could have predicted &quot; black bow , &quot; or rebecca or &quot; nyan cat &quot; predicted ?
who would have said , &quot; win bow , &quot; or rebecca black or &quot; nyat cat . &quot;

das ist wissenschaftlich nicht nicht genau korrekt , weil weil wir nicht wissen , wie viel weggeküsst wird dabei .
and that scientifically speaking , that &apos;s not not exactly correct , because because we don &apos;t know how much is kissed away .
it &apos;s not scientifically correct , because we don &apos;t know how much she &apos;s going to kissed .
that &apos;s not precisely correct because we don &apos;t know how much it &apos;s going to cool .

aber wir sollten einfach uns vertraut machen damit , dass man einer frau nicht sagen kann , dass es eine schönere irgendwo anders gibt .
but we should just realize that you can &apos;t tell a woman that there &apos;s a more beautiful one somewhere else .
but we should just make us feel that you can &apos;t tell a woman that there &apos;s a more beautiful somewhere else .
but we should just be familiar with that you can &apos;t tell a woman that there &apos;s a more beautiful somewhere .

in sozial schwachen und schwarzen teilen der bevölkerung herrschen verzweiflung und hoffnungslosigkeit , aufgrund dieser veränderungen .
in poor communities , in communities of color there is this despair , there is this hopelessness , that is being shaped by these outcomes .
in social courts and black parts of the population are despair and hopelessly , because of these changes .
in social , black and black share of the population despair and hopeless , because of these changes .

ausgangspunkt ist die berechnung eines supercomputers , dass die menschen nur noch 23 jahre auf dem planeten übrig haben .
and the premise was a supercomputer has calculated that humans have only 23 years left on the planet .
it &apos;s the computation of a supercomputer that people have only 23 years on the planet .
in fact , the computation of a supercomputer that people have only 23 years left on the planet .

denn die musik erlaubt es ihm , seine gedanken und wahnvorstellungen mit hilfe seiner vorstellungskraft und kreativität in etwas reales umzuformen .
because music allows him to take his thoughts and delusions and shape them through his imagination and his creativity , into reality .
because the music allows him to shape his thoughts and delusions of his imagination and creativity into something real .
because the music allows him to reform his thoughts and balances with his imagination and creativity in something real .

und das gilt für die geschichten , die das gedächtnis uns liefert und es gilt auch für die geschichten , die wir erfinden .
and that is true of the stories that memory delivers for us , and it &apos;s also true of the stories that we make up .
and that &apos;s true for the stories that are providing memory , and it &apos;s also true for the stories we invent .
and that &apos;s true for the stories that make us memory , and it &apos;s also true for the stories that we invent .

wir stellen uns die sache nicht mehr in bildern die dinge nicht mehr in bildern vor , sondern wir kodifizieren sie dich unsere sprache .
we have an abstract an abstracted language .
we don &apos;t think about the things that we &apos;re not going to do in images anymore , but we &apos;re coding them our language .
we &apos;re not going to make the thing more in images that things are not more in images , but we &apos;re coding them to our language .

sie wollten vor allem nichts mit diesem film zu tun haben , weil sie keine kontrolle hatten , keine kontrolle über das fertige produkt .
they wanted nothing to do with this film , mainly because they would have no control , they would have no control over the final product .
they didn &apos;t want to do anything about this film because they had no control , no control over the product .
they wanted to have nothing to do with this film , because they didn &apos;t have control , no control over the ferences .

dies ist der grund , warum die kuppel des washington-monuments aus aluminium gefertigt wurde .
it &apos;s the reason that the tip of the washington monument is made of aluminum .
this is why the cow of the clay monumentum was finished in aluminum .
this is the reason why the cow of the tongue monumentor was made out of aluminum .

ich komme zurück auf meinen koffer , und erzähle ihnen , was ich für diese aufregende woche hier bei ted eingepackt habe .
i want to get back to my suitcase and tell you what i packed for this exciting week here at ted .
i come back to my suitcase , and i tell you what i put in this exciting week in ted .
i come back to my suitcase , and tell you what i did for this exciting week here at ted .

unsere kornkammer ist heute bedroht , nicht aufgrund abnehmender zufuhr , sondern aufgrund abnehmender ressourcen ,
our breadbasket is threatened today , not because of diminishing supply , but because of diminishing resources .
our cornmer is threatened today , not because of the degradation , but because of the resources of resources .
our coral chamber is now threatened , not because of devastating , but because of the resources of resources .

wenn ich diese bühne verlasse , habe ich nicht : + 1 sprechen und + 1 verrückte idee , + 20 verrückte idee .
when i get off this stage i &apos;m not going to have plus-one speaking , and plus-one crazy idea , plus-20 crazy idea .
when i leave this stage , i don &apos;t have a + 1 and i &apos;m talking about crazy idea , 20 crazy idea .
when i leave this stage , i don &apos;t have a + 1 and a crazy idea , 20 crazy idea .

wir sahen sie an , wir lachten , wir weinten , und wir wussten , dass sie in einem hospiz sein müsste .
we took a look at her , we laughed , we cried , and we knew that she needed to be in a hospice .
we looked at them , we laughed , we cried , and we knew that they had to be in a hospice .
we saw them , we laughed , we crashed , and we knew they had to be in a game .

was dabei herauskam , war die erste computergenerierte soft-surface-figur , die je in einem film zu sehen war .
and this resulted in the first soft-surface character , cg animation that was ever in a movie .
what came out was the first computer generated software fiddle ever seen in a movie .
what came out of that was the first computer generated software , which was ever in a film .

okay . eine farm , die ihre fische nicht füttert . eine farm , die ihren erfolg misst am erfolg ihrer räuber .
ok . a farm that doesn &apos;t feed its fish , a farm that measures its success by the success of its predators .
okay . a farm that doesn &apos;t feed their fish . a farm that measures her success on the success of their rings .
okay . one farm that doesn &apos;t feed your fish . a farm that mixes your success on your success .

die entwicklung hat in dieser industrie vor einiger zeit aufgehört , also ist es keine große überraschung , dass einige gute konzepte herumliegen .
and innovation really stopped in this industry quite some ago , so the idea that there &apos;s some good ideas laying around is not all that surprising .
the development in this industry has heard some time ago , so it &apos;s not a big surprise that some good concepts go around .
the development in this industry has heard a lot of time ago , so it &apos;s not a great surprise that some good concepts are around .

das haben wir im wahren leben nicht so einfach , dieses gefühl , dass bei einem fingerschnipsen haufenweise mitarbeiter bereit stehen .
that &apos;s not something that we have in real life that easily , this sense that at our fingertips are tons of collaborators .
we don &apos;t have the real life in real life so simple that the feeling that there &apos;s a fingernage in a fingertips that are willing to be ready .
we don &apos;t have that real life in the real life , this feeling that in a fingertile , you know , we &apos;re ready to stand up with a fingertile .

all diese dinge stammen und beginnen von einem ort , und für mich stammen und beginnen sie mit meiner familie in west virginia .
all those things stemmed and started from one place , and for me they stemmed and started with my family in west virginia .
and all these things come from a place , and they start with me , and they start with my family in west virginia .
all these things , and start from a place , and for me , and they start with my family in west virginia .

niemand in der welt des marketings weiß dies . weil , wenn sie es würden , wüssten sie alle nicht worum es hier geht .
nobody in the world of marketing knows this , because if they did , you wouldn &apos;t all know what this was about .
no one in the world of marketing knows , because if you knew it , you wouldn &apos;t know all about it .
nobody in the world knows this because if you knew it , you don &apos;t all know what it &apos;s about .

und während wir heute , im jahr 2011 , unseren regierungen vertrauen mögen , ist doch jedes recht , das wir abgeben , für immer abgegeben .
and while we might trust our governments right now , right here in 2011 , any right we give away will be given away for good .
and while we now , in 2011 , in 2011 , our governments like trust , we &apos;re right , we &apos;re always abandoned , we &apos;re always abandoned .
and as we &apos;re today , in 2011 , our governments like trust , but every one that we &apos;re right to give away .

wenn wir so von von der wiege bis zur bahre denken , dann wird unsere unsere ganze erde früher oder später ein friedhof .
if that &apos;s our thinking from from the cradle to the grave , then our our entire planet will become a cemetery sooner or later .
if we think of how to think about the way to the bathroom , our whole earth will be our whole earth or later a peaceful farm .
if we think of how much of the way to the bathes , our whole earth is used to be before or later a peaceful farm .

das ist von einer ausstellung , die paola antonelli für moma später im jahr , während des sommers , organisiert .
that &apos;s from an exhibition that paola antonelli is organizing at moma later this year , during the summer .
this is from an exhibition , the paola antonelli for moma later , during the summer , organized .
this is from a exhibition that paola antonelli for moma later in the year , while the summer organized .

und wenn es sich durch das system gekämpft hat und dieses verlässt ist das wasser sauberer , als wie es hereingekommen ist .
and when it works its way through the system and leaves , the water is cleaner than when it entered .
and when it fought through the system , and this is what makes the water clean when it comes to it .
and if it was fighting through the system , and this is the water , the water is clean than it &apos;s gone .

das verwirrt uns natürlich total , weil wir sehen auf der einen seite die neuen medien , socil social media , facebook usw und so weiter .
of course it totally confuses us , because on the one hand we &apos;re seeing this new media , socil social media , facebook etc .
and of course , we &apos;re completely confused because we &apos;re seeing on the one side of the new media , social media , facebook and so on .
this is completely confused to us because we &apos;re looking at the new media , social media , facebook media , facebook and so on .

als ich die treppe zum gericht hochging. war da ein älterer , schwarzer mann , der hausmeister im gericht .
and as i was walking up the steps of this courthouse , there was an older black man who was the janitor in this courthouse .
when i reached the staircase to the court , there was an elderly , black man , the janitors in the court .
when i went to the court , there was an elderly black man , black man , the mayor in the court .

ich hielt meinen üblichen vortrag , und danach sah sie mich an und sagte : » mhmm . mhmm . mhmm . «
i gave her my whole rap , and when i finished she looked at me and she said , &quot; mmm mmm mmm . &quot;
i gave my usual talk , and afterwards she looked at me and she said , &quot; hmm . hmm . hmm . &quot;
i gave my usual talk , and then she looked at me and said , &quot; mhmm . hmm . mum . &quot;

und so begab ich mich in die welt der technologie , um zu sehen , wie ich sie dazu benutzen könnte magie zu ermöglichen anstatt zu töten .
and so i jumped in , i jumped into this world of technology , to see how i could use it to enable magic as opposed to kill it .
and so i was in the world of technology to see how i could use it to kill magic instead of killing .
and so , i gave myself in the world of technology to see how i could use it to use magic instead of killing .

es priviligiert nicht zwangsläufig den größten , den stärksten oder den schnellsten , und nicht einmal den klügsten .
it doesn &apos;t necessarily favor the biggest or the strongest or the fastest , and not even the smartest .
it &apos;s not necessarily forced to prioritize the biggest , the most powerful or the fastest , and not even the smartest .
it &apos;s not necessarily foresized the biggest , the most powerful or the fastest , and not even the smartest .

wir sind an einem punkt angelangt , der analog ist zu damals , als einzeller-organismen sich zu mehrzeller-organismen entwickelt haben .
and what we are is we &apos;re at a point in time which is analogous to when single-celled organisms were turning into multi-celled organisms .
we &apos;ve come to a point where the analog is then as a one-celled organisms evolved to have different cell organisms .
we &apos;ve come to a point where the analog is at the time to evolve cell organisms into multiple cell organisms .

stellen sie sich einen hubschrauber vor , wie den , den sie vorhin gesehen haben , der sich mit anderen bewegt , vollkommen synchron .
so imagine one helicopter , like the one we saw before , moving with others , in synchrony .
imagine a hubber predator , as the one you saw before , moving with others , completely synchronized .
imagine a hubber smoke , like the one that you &apos;ve seen before with other , completely synchronizing .

also man muss wirklich im detail gucken , wenn ich etwas benutzungsfreundlich oder intuitiv handhabbar machen möchte , was heißt das im kern .
so you really have to go into detail , if you want to make something user friendly or intuitively manageable , and what does that mean fundamentally .
so you really have to look at the detail when i &apos;m using some user friendly or intuitive action , which means what it means in the core .
so you really have to get into the detail , if i want to do something that i &apos;d like to do a little bit more intuitive or intuitive , which means in the core .

wenn man sich nun die art und weise betrachtet wie diese chemikalien organisiert waren , dann gibt uns das ein ziemlich gutes bild darüber , wie sie das anstellten .
and if you look at the way that the chemicals got organized , we begin to get a pretty good idea of how they do it .
now , if you look at the way that these chemicals were organizing , then there &apos;s a pretty good picture about how they did that .
now , if you were to look at the way that these chemicals were organized , it gives us a pretty good picture about how they did .

und ja gut , ich möchte euch einfach dann ermutigen , in dem sinne , dass man ruhig ein bisschen verrückt sein kann und auch eine vision haben darf .
and yes , well , i &apos;d just like to motivate you , in the sense that it &apos;s fine to be a bit crazy and have a vision .
and yes , i just want to encourage you to just encourage you that you can be a little crazy , and also have a vision .
and yes , i just want to encourage you , in the sense that you can be a little crazy and have a vision .

eines nachts blieb ich zu lange auf und dachte , meine güte , wenn ein richter uns in etwas anderes verwandeln kann , dann muss er zauberkräfte haben .
and i was up too late one night and i starting thinking , well gosh , if the judge can turn you into something that you &apos;re not , the judge must have magic power .
one night , i stayed too long , and i thought my goodness , if a judge can turn us into something else , then he has to have magic forces .
one night i stayed at a long time , and i thought , my god , if a judge can turn us into something else , then he has to have magic forces .

der grund ist , dass , wenn wir spielen , sind wir tatsächlich glücklicher dabei , hart zu arbeiten , als wenn wir uns entspannen oder nichts tun .
it &apos;s because we know , when we &apos;re playing a game , that we &apos;re actually happier working hard than we are relaxing , or hanging out .
the reason is that if we &apos;re playing games , we &apos;re actually happier to work hard when we relax or nothing .
the reason is that when we play , we &apos;re actually happier to work as if we &apos;re relaxed or nothing .

wir ließen uns in footscray nieder , einem von der arbeiterklasse bewohnten vorort , dessen bevölkerung aus immigrantenschichten besteht .
we settled in footscray , a working-class suburb whose demographic is layers of immigrants .
we went to the footage of jail , one of the working-class people , whose population is made out of immigrant layers .
we let ourselves in footscray , one of the processing workers , whose population is made of immigrant levels .

wir können die dinge jetzt so machen , dass sie , wenn sie verschleißen , wenn sie kaputtgehen , können sie in biologische kreisläufe .
today we can make things in such a way that when they show wear and tear , when they break , they can go into biological life cycles .
we can do things like this now , if they fake , if they &apos;re broken , they can go into biological circles .
we can do things like this now , if they disappear , if they &apos;re broken , they can put them in biological circles .

und wo sie sehen , selbst bei etwas wie demeter , die strikteste bio- ja landwirtschaft , erlaubt nicht , dass unsere eigenen stoffwechselprodukte zurückgehen .
and then you see that even something like demeter , the strictest organization for organic yes agriculture , doesn &apos;t allow for our own metabolic waste to be returned .
and where you see , even at something like demeter , the most striking biofarming , agriculture doesn &apos;t allow us to go back our own metabolism .
and where you see , even at something like demeter , the most expensive biodiversity -- yes , not allow our own metabolic products to go back .

seine vollständig non-invasiven sensoren in den krücken , die signale zurücksenden an unseren onboard-computer , der hier auf ihrem rücken befestigt ist .
it &apos;s completely non-invasive , sensors in the crutches that send signals back to our onboard computer that is sitting here at her back .
his fully invasive sensors in the crutches , sending signals back to our board-computer , which is attached to your back .
his completely non-invasive sensors in the crashes that send signals back to our onboard-boarding computer that &apos;s attached here on their back .

nun , das alles ist noch beeindruckender wenn sie sich vorstellen , dass die magneten über 20 tonnen wiegen und sich um ca. 30 cm verschoben .
now that &apos;s more impressive when you consider those magnets weigh over 20 tons , and they moved about a foot .
well , that &apos;s even more impressive when you imagine that the magnets weigh over 20 tons and shoot around about 30 inches .
well , this is all more impressive when you imagine that the magnets weighed over 20 tons , and they &apos;re shooting around about 30 inches .

sehen wir uns also den vierten faktor an -- und dieser wird ein schlüsselfaktor sein -- das ist die menge an co2 , die pro energieeinheit emittiert wird .
so let &apos;s look at this fourth factor -- this is going to be a key one -- and this is the amount of co2 put out per each unit of energy .
so let &apos;s look at the fourth factor -- and this is going to be a key factor -- this is the amount of co2 , which is emitted per unit of energy .
so let &apos;s see the fourth factor -- and this is going to be a key factor -- that &apos;s the amount of co2 that is embedded per unit .

stellen sie sich vor , wenn zum beispiel ihre ihre frau traurig ist , wenn sie wenn sie sie geärgert haben , und sie kommen mit fünfzig rosen .
imagine your your wife is sad , because you upset her , and you turn up with fifty roses .
imagine if , for example , your wife &apos;s sake is sad if you &apos;ve gardened them , and you come up with five thousand roses .
imagine if your wife is sad if you &apos;ve got it when you &apos;re hungry , and you &apos;re going to get five .

vor acht jahren war ich am media lab und ich begann diese idee zu erforschen , wie man die macht der ingenieure in die hand von künstlern und designern legen könnte .
eight years ago when i was at the media lab , i started exploring this idea of how to put the power of engineers in the hands of artists and designers .
eight years ago , i was at the media lab , and i started exploring this idea of how to create the engineers in the hand of artists and artists .
eight years ago , i was at the media lab , and i started studying this idea how to make the power of engineers in the hand of artists and designers .

und ausgehend von diesen netzwerken , die das ganze populär gemacht haben , hat sich halt so eine szene entwickelt , die ich kurz mal porträtieren möchte .
based on these networks , which made the whole thing popular , a scene came into being , which i &apos;d like to briefly describe .
and so , from these networks that have made this whole popular way , has evolved a scene that i want to get to pork .
and from these networks that have made all the popular r , has evolved as a scene that i want to give you a little bit of porting .

sie können in spielen stärkere soziale bindungen knüpfen als im echten leben . sie bekommen mehr rückmeldung und belohnungen in spielen als im echten leben .
they can have stronger social relationships in games than they can have in real life ; they get better feedback and feel more rewarded in games than they do in real life .
they can play stronger social bonds as a real life in real life , and they get more feedback and reward rewards in real life as real life .
you can play in more powerful social bonds than life in real life , and you get more feedback and reward in games than in real life .

es geht hier nicht um rice krispies , es geht darum , leute am leben zu erhalten , und es wird höchste zeit , zu verstehen , was das bedeutet .
this isn &apos;t about rice krispies , this is about keeping people alive , and it &apos;s about time we started to understand what that meant .
it &apos;s not about rice pies , it &apos;s about keeping people alive , and it &apos;s going to be the highest time to understand what that means .
it &apos;s not about rice crisis , it &apos;s about getting people alive , and it &apos;s going to be the highest time to understand what that means .

heute können sie eine sequenz der drei milliarden basenpaare des menschlichen genoms zu einem preis von etwa $ 20.000 und in den raum von etwa einer woche komplettieren .
today , you can have a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs in the human genome at a cost of about 20,000 dollars and in the space of about a week .
today , you can have a sequence of three billion base pairs of the human genome at about a cost of about 20,000 , and in the space of about a week .
today , you can have a sequence of three billion base pairs of human genome to a price of about 20,000 and in the space of about a week .

denn wir haben all dies mit nur 10 bis 12 leuten gemacht , die jahrelang ununterbrochen zusammengearbeitet haben . manchmal waren wir 2 bis 3 monate hintereinander auf see .
because we would do these things with 10 , 12 people , working for years at a time , sometimes at sea for two , three months at a time .
because we &apos;ve done all this with just 10 to 12 people who &apos;ve been working together for years , sometimes we &apos;ve been up to two to three months .
because we &apos;ve done all of this with 10 to 12 people who have been working unfinished years , and sometimes we were two to three months ago .

und sie arbeitet in einer medizinischen kultur , die anerkennt , dass menschen das system mit leben füllen und wenn das so ist , dann machen menschen auch fehler von zeit zu zeit .
and she works in a culture of medicine that acknowledges that human beings run the system , and when human beings run the system , they will make mistakes from time to time .
and it works in a medical culture that recognizes people to fill the system with life , and if that &apos;s how to make people mistake also time .
and she works in a medical culture that recognizes that people fill the system with life , and if that &apos;s what people do , people also make mistakes of time .

da steht , &apos; dieses flugzeug besteht aus hunderttausenden kleinteilen , welche zusammen arbeiten um ihren flug sicherer zu machen . &apos; macht dich das nicht zuversichtlicher ? &quot;
it says , &apos; this plane has hundreds of thousands of tiny parts working together to make you a safe flight . &apos; doesn &apos;t that make you feel confident ? &quot;
there it is , this plane is made up of hundreds of thousands of small parts of which work together to make their safer . isn &apos;t that satisfied ? &quot;
there &apos;s this plane that &apos;s made of hundreds of thousands of little bits that work together to make their flight more safe . &apos; does it not make you visible ? &quot;

nun , in ägypten plünderten die aufständischen im april 2011 das hauptquartier der ägyptischen geheimpolizei . und dabei fanden sie eine menge akten .
well in egypt , the rioters looted the headquarters of the egyptian secret police in april 2011 , and when they were looting the building they found lots of papers .
now , in egypt , egypt plotted the rise in april of the main source of the egyptian secretary police , and they found a lot of actors .
now , in egyptians , the elevator of april in april 2011 , the capital of egyptian police secrets , and they found a lot of action .

wir haben nun , aus unseren entdeckungen aus der ganzen welt , eine datenbank mit ungefähr 20 millionen genen , und ich möchte daran glauben dass diese die designkomponenten der zukunft sind .
we now , from our discovery around the world , have a database with about 20 million genes , and i like to think of these as the design components of the future .
we have now , from our discoveries from all over the world , a database with about 20 million genes , and i want to believe that these design components are the design of the future .
we now , from our discoveries of the world , a database with about 20 million genes , and i want to believe that these are the design components of the future .

wenn sie auch spielen , sehen sie einige nuancen hier , die nach oben gezogenen augen und der mund sind ein zeichen von optimismus . die augenbrauen zeigen überraschung .
if you are a gamer , you will notice a few nuances here : the crinkle of the eyes up , and around the mouth is a sign of optimism , and the eyebrows up is surprise .
if you play games , you &apos;ll see some nuances here that are zoomed up and the mouth is a sign of optimism . the eyebrow shows surprising .
if you play , you can see some nuances here , looking up after zoo eyes , and the mouth is a optimism of optimism . the eyebrow show .

anders als bei der einseitigen unterhaltung des 20. jahrhunderts ist die teilnahme der gemeinschaft unser weg teil dieses phänomens zu werden - entweder indem wir es verbreiten oder etwas neues daraus machen .
unlike the one-way entertainment of the 20th century , this community participation is how we become a part of the phenomenon -- either by spreading it or by doing something new with it .
in other words , when the sovereign conversation of the 20th century is the participation of our way to become part of this phenomenon -- either by spreading it or making something new .
unlike the 20th century entertainment , the community of the community is part of our way to become part of this phenomenon -- either by making it or making something new .

da werde ich mehr lebenserfahrung haben als heute und werde deshalb auf meine palette der musikklänge noch viel mehr farbnuancen , an emotionen und empfindungen haben als heute .
i will have more life experience than today and so my musical palette will have many more nuances of color , of emotions and feelings than it does now .
since i &apos;m going to have more life experience than today , and that &apos;s why my palette is going to be much more nuances of color , emotions and emotions than they have today .
since i &apos;m going to have more life experience than today , and so my palette is going to have much more color of music , much more color and emotion than today .

und es gibt eine generation gibt , die mitdem internet aufgewachsen ist , und die weiß , dass es nicht so schwer ist , dinge gemeinsam zu tun , man muss die nur richtig systeme bauen .
and there &apos;s a generation out there that &apos;s grown up on the internet , and they know that it &apos;s not that hard to do things together , you just have to architect the systems the right way .
and there &apos;s a generation that has grown up on the internet , and the knows that it &apos;s not so hard to do things together , you have to build the right systems .
and there &apos;s a generation that has grown up with the internet , and it knows that it &apos;s not so hard to do things together , you have to build the systems right .

es gibt ein enormes marketing für verschreibungspflichtige medikamente für leute wie sie und mich , das , wenn sie darüber nachdenken , überhaupt keinen sinn macht , weil wir sie nicht kaufen .
there &apos;s enormous marketing of prescription drugs to people like you and me , which , if you think about it , makes no sense at all , since we can &apos;t buy them .
there &apos;s an enormous marketing marketing issue of prescription for people like you and me , when you think about it , doesn &apos;t make sense , because we don &apos;t buy them .
there &apos;s a huge marketing marketing for formal drugs like you and me , if you think about it , no sense of it , because we don &apos;t buy them .

ich bin nun genügend aus meinem bequemlichkeitsbereich gegangen um zu wissen , dass , ja , die welt auseinanderbricht , aber nicht so , wie man es befürchtet .
i have stepped outside my comfort zone enough now to know that , yes , the world does fall apart , but not in the way that you fear .
i went from my quest to know that , yes , the world is sticking , but not the way that you fear it .
i &apos;ve now gone from my queue area to know that , yes , the world is devoted , but not as you fear it .

und wir denken , wir wollen denken , dass dies eines der hauptprobleme ist , warum alle – vielleicht nur die meisten der elektronischen gesundheits-projekte fehlschlagen : weil wir aufgehört haben zuzuhören .
and we think , we like to think , that this is one of the major problems why all -- maybe not all -- but most of the e-health projects fail , since we stopped listening .
and we think we want to think that this is one of the main problems , why everyone -- maybe most of the electronic health projects : because we &apos;ve heard about listening .
and we think we want to think that this is one of the main problems , why everyone -- maybe most of the electronic health projects , because we &apos;ve heard about listening .

deshalb haben wir es uns zum obersten zeil gesetzt , eine beträchtliche geldsumme auszugeben um eine werbeaktion auf den weg zu bringen , um die wahrheit über kohle .
that &apos;s why we &apos;ve made it our primary goal to spend a large sum of money on an advertising effort to help bring out and complicate the truth about coal .
that &apos;s why we set it to the top line , which is to spend a huge amount of money on the road on the way to bring the truth to the truth .
so we set up to the top line , to give a drum amount of money to get an ad on the way to make the truth about coal .

ich weiß , sie werden fragen : &quot; wie lösen wir probleme der echten welt in spielen ? &quot; und genau dieser frage habe ich meine arbeit in den letzten jahren am institut für die zukunft gewidmet .
now , i know you &apos;re asking , &quot; how are we going to solve real world problems in games ? &quot; well , that &apos;s what i have devoted my work to over the past few years , at the institute for the future .
i know you &apos;re going to ask , &quot; how do we solve problems of the real world in real world ? &quot; and this question i &apos;ve asked my work in the last few years at the institute for the future .
i know you &apos;re going to ask you , &quot; how are we going to solve problems in the real world ? &quot; and that &apos;s exactly what i asked my work in the last few years for the future .

da gibt es zwar dann auch abstufungen , ob man es für den hausgebrauch lernt , nur passiv versteht oder man auch aktiv sprechen kann , bis zu dem musikalischen muttersprachler .
there are different grades here , for example if you are just learning it for use at home , whether you only understand it passively or whether you can also actively speak it , all the way to the musical native speaker .
there &apos;s also a graduate student , whether you learn for the use , you only understand passive , or you can also speak to the musical language .
there &apos;s also steps , whether you learn it for the use of use , just passive or active , until the musical native language .

das sind die ersten schuhe , mit denen sie den kavalierstart an der fußgängerampel hinlegen können und der gummi in biologische kreisläufe gehen kann , ja ?
these are the first shoes with which you make a jackrabbit start at the pedestrian lights and the rubber sole can go into biological cycles , okay ?
these are the first shoes that you can put into the kavalian launch on the footsteps , and the guinea can go into biological circles , yes ?
these are the first shoes that you can put the cavalian launch on the footprint , and the guitar in biological circles can go , yes ?

nun , die hirnloseste epidemie , in der wir uns gerade befinden , ist dieser absurde kampf zwischen den befürwortern gentechnisch veränderter nahrungsmittel und der bio-elite .
now , the most mindless epidemic we &apos;re in the middle of right now is this absurd battle between proponents of genetically engineered food and the organic elite .
now , the brain lowest epidemic that we &apos;re in right now is this absurd battle between the most complex biodegraded food and the bioelite .
well , the brain lowest epidemic that we &apos;re right now is this absurd struggle between the fear of magnificent food and the bioelite .

aber ein bestimmter fellow , ein mann namens erik michaels-ober , bemerkte noch etwas anderes und das war , dass die bewohner die bürgersteige frei schaufelten , direkt vor diesen teilen .
but one fellow in particular , a guy named erik michaels-ober , noticed something else , and that &apos;s that citizens are shoveling out sidewalks right in front of these things .
but one particular man , a man named erectellers , he noticed something else , and that was the residents that the residents spread out the sidewalk into the sidewalk .
but a particular fellow , a man named erics , he noticed something else , and that was that the civil residents were free , directly in front of these parts .

es war als würde die zeit stillstehen und der tänzer durch eine art pforte treten . er tat nichts anders als er es je zuvor getan hat – 1.000 nächte zuvor . aber alles fügte sich zusammen .
it was like time would stop , and the dancer would sort of step through some kind of portal and he wasn &apos;t doing anything different than he had ever done , 1,000 nights before , but everything would align .
it was like the time the stakes and the dancer went through a kind of pie , and he did nothing different than he ever did before -- 1,000 nights ago , but everything was coming together .
it was as though the time and the danger came through a kind of pace , and he did nothing different than he ever did before -- 1,000 . but everything was filling together .

aber der neuntgrößte supermarkt , der heute neuntgrößte supermarkt der welt ist aldi , und sie bieten ihnen nur 1.400 produkte -- eine art von tomatensauce in dosen .
but the ninth largest retailer , the ninth biggest retailer in the world today is aldi , and it offers you only 1,400 products -- one kind of canned tomato sauce .
but the nearest supermarket , which is today &apos;s nine-tall supermarket in the world of aldi , and they offer them only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce in domain .
but the neanderthal supermarket today , the netest supermarket in the world is aldi , and they offer them only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce in sauce .

jede dieser techniken , die ich ihnen heute beschreibe ist dazu gedacht , ihnen zu helfen die möglichkeiten zu managen -- gut für sie , sie können sie für sich selbst benutzen , gut für die menschen , denen sie service bieten .
all of these techniques that i &apos;m describing to you today are designed to help you manage your choices -- better for you , you can use them on yourself , better for the people that you are serving .
each of these techniques that i &apos;m going to tell you today is to help them manage the possibilities -- good for you , for you , for yourself , for yourself , for the people who offer you service .
every one of these techniques that i &apos;m going to tell you today is to help you to help the possibilities -- good for you , you can use yourself well for yourself , good for the people you offer .

das heißt den ball ins außenfeld schlagen , er kommt auf , er wird nicht gefangen , und wer den ball versucht hat zur first base zu werfen , hat es nicht rechtzeitig geschafft und der läufer war in sicherheit .
that means hit the ball into the outfield , it dropped , it didn &apos;t get caught , and whoever tried to throw it to first base didn &apos;t get there in time and the runner was safe .
that &apos;s called the ball into the outside field , it &apos;s coming on , it &apos;s not going to catch , and who &apos;s tried to throw the ball , it &apos;s not enough , and the duck in safety .
this is called the ball of the outside , he comes up , he &apos;s not going to catch the ball , and who &apos;s trying to throw the ball to throw it up , it didn &apos;t do it at all .

es ist ebenso einfacher wenn man es in eukaryonten wie wir es sind tut : man nimmt einfach den nukleus raus und gibt einen anderen hinein , und das ist genau das was sie alle über das klonen gehört haben .
it &apos;s also simpler when you go into eukaryotes like ourselves : you can just pop out the nucleus and pop in another one , and that &apos;s what you &apos;ve all heard about with cloning .
it &apos;s also easier if you put it in eukaryontes like we &apos;re doing : you just take the nucleus out , and you have a different one in it , and that &apos;s exactly what you &apos;ve all heard about .
it &apos;s also easier to do it in eukaryonic karyonic , as we &apos;re doing it , you just take the nucleus out , and you have another one in it , and that &apos;s exactly what you heard about all the sound .

aber es ist auch ein code , und den kann man auch programmieren und entsprechend kann man ihn auch hacken , so , und das fand ich finde ich unglaublich faszinierend , und da wollte ich einfach viel tiefer mit einsteigen .
but it &apos;s also a code , and you can program that and so you can also hack into it , that &apos;s it , and i thought think it &apos;s incredibly fascinating , and i just wanted to really delve into that .
but it &apos;s also a code , and you can also code and do it , so on , and that &apos;s what i found incredibly fascinating , and i just wanted to get a lot more into it .
but it &apos;s also a code , and it &apos;s also a code that you can program and you can also hack it , so i found it , and i find it incredibly fascinating , and i just wanted to get a lot deeper down .

wir sprechen hier oft über sehr junge personen mit rückenmarksverletzungen , die in der blütezeit ihres lebens -- 20er , 30er , 40er -- vom schicksal getroffen wurden und der rollstuhl ist die einzige option .
we are talking here about , oftentimes , very young individuals with spinal cord injuries , that in the prime of their life -- 20s , 30s , 40s -- hit a wall and the wheelchair &apos;s the only option .
we often talk about very young people with spinal cord injury in the time of their life -- 2030s , from the &apos; 40s -- the fate and the wheelchair of wheelchair is the only option .
we often talk about very young people with spinal cord injuries that live in the flesh of their lives -- 2030s , 30s -- from the destiny and the chair is the only option .

besonders in der heutigen welt , an dieser schnittstelle von neuen und alten medien und der zerstückelten medienlandschaft -- ist es nicht die idee , in diesem neuen aufregenden vermittlungsinstrument zu sein , dass den massen diese nachricht bringt .
especially in today &apos;s world , this intersection of new media and old media and the fractured media landscape , isn &apos;t the idea to get that new buzz-worthy delivery vehicle that &apos;s going to get that message to the masses ?
especially in today &apos;s world , at this intersection of new media and ancient media and the fragments of media -- it &apos;s not the idea that are going to be exciting in this new exciting instrument that the capsule is going to bring that message .
especially in the world today , in this interface of new media and old media landscape -- it &apos;s not the idea of being able to be in this new exciting sculpture instrument that brings the message to this message .

und dann die analytischen technik , der gleiche motor der wissenschaft das die veränderungen ermöglichen kann , um krankheit zu verhindern , könnte uns auch ermöglichen verabschieden super-attribute zu adoptieren , hyper-kapazitäten - das bessere gedächtnis .
and then , that same analytic technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease , will also enable us to adopt super-attributes , hyper-capacities -- that better memory .
and then the analytical technique , the same engine of science can allow the change to prevent disease , could also give us super-consumers to adopt hyper-adoption , hyper-consumption -- the better roofs .
and then the analytical technology , the same engine of science can allow the change to prevent disease , could also allow us to adopt superior superior , hyper-pathetic capacity -- the better memory .

ich möchte dazusagen , dass ich wahrscheinlich auch einige helle labradorhunde kenne , die fähiger sind fundiertere , intelligentere und reifere entscheidungen bezüglich ihre sexuellen beziehungen zu treffen als manche 40-jährige , die ich kenne .
i also want to say there are probably also some yellow labradors that i know that are more capable of informed , intelligent , mature decisions about sexual relations than some 40-year-olds that i know .
i want to say that i probably know some helpsile labs that are capable of more sophisticated , more intelligent and more intelligent decisions to meet their sexual relations than some 40-year-old i know .
i want to say that i &apos;m probably going to know some bright labs that are more powerful , more intelligent , more intelligent , more intelligent and more powerful decisions than some 40-year-olds that i know .

ich bin gestalter von haus aus , also beschäftige ich mich natürlich auch mit dem thema der neugier und wie verändert die neugier auch wieder unser denken , und warum verlieren wir vielleicht auch neugier und müssen &apos; s wieder neu anstoßen usw und so weiter .
i &apos;m a designer from birth , so of course i deal with the subject of curiosity and how curiosity in turn transforms our thinking , and why we perhaps lose our curiosity and need to give it a jolt et cetera .
so , i went from the house , so , of course , i &apos;m also involved with the theme of curiosity , and how the curiosity changes our thinking , and why we might also need curiosity , and we need to be refined again and so on .
i &apos;m at age of house , so i &apos;m also working on the subject of curiosity , and as the curiosity changes , and how the curiosity is changing again , and why we might also lose curiosity and we need to remove curiosity and so on .

etwas interessantes passierte bei &quot; abyss &quot; : um ein erzählerisches problem in diesem film zu lösen - und zwar mussten wir so eine art flüssiges wasserwesen erschaffen - , griffen wir auf computergenerierte animation , cg , zurück .
something interesting came out of &quot; the abyss , &quot; which was that to solve a specific narrative problem on that film , which was to create this kind of liquid water creature , we actually embraced computer generated animation , cg .
something interesting happened in &quot; abyss , &quot; to solve a narrative in this film -- and we had to create a kind of liquid water -- we had to create liquid creatures , we came back to computer animation animation , cg .
something interesting happened at abyss : to solve a narrative in this film -- that we had to create a kind of liquid water creature -- we created on computer animation .

und wir haben angefangen stücke zu erstellen , beginnend mit stücken die fünf- bis siebentausend buchstaben enthielten , fügten diese aneinander um 24.000-buchstaben-stücke zu machen um diese wieder zusammenzufügen , bis zu 72.000 .
and we started making pieces , starting with pieces that were 5,000 to 7,000 letters , put those together to make 24,000-letter pieces , then put sets of those going up to 72,000 .
and we started to create pieces , starting with stones -- fifth to seventeous letters , put them together to make 24,000-mile letters to put those back together until 27,000 .
and we started making pieces of pieces , starting with the five to seventh letters from seventh letters to make these 4,000-pound pieces of pieces of pieces to add these back to 7,000 .

vielleicht verdeutlicht also dieser technologische wandel klarer denn je , dass es schon immer eine andere wahrheit gab , nämlich , dass jeder mensch der gesellschaft etwas ganz besonderess und sehr kraftvolles geben kann und dass die menschliche fähigkeit , sich anzupassen , unser größtes plus ist .
so , perhaps technology is revealing more clearly to us now what has always been a truth : that everyone has something rare and powerful to offer our society , and that the human ability to adapt is our greatest asset .
so maybe it &apos;s a margin of this technological change , because the more that there was always a different truth , that every person of society can give something very special , and very powerful , and that the human ability to adapt , our plus .
so maybe the german of this technological change , because the more there &apos;s always a different truth , which is that every human society of society can give something very special and very powerful , and that the human ability to adapt is our scale .

und wie durch ein wunder nahm er seine geige und begann , nach gehör einige ausschnitte von violinkonzerten zu spielen und bat mich dann , sie zu ende zu spielen : mendelssohn , tschaikowski , sibelius .
and in a miracle , he lifted his own violin and he started playing , by ear , certain snippets of violin concertos which he then asked me to complete -- mendelssohn , tchaikovsky , sibelius .
and like a miracle , he took his spikes and started to play some caves of concerts , and then asked me to play them to play : dolphins , sheer cowski , silius .
and as a miracle , he took his mind , and he started to play a couple of sticks from inconcerts , and then asked me to play them , to play , singing , singultri .

heinrich , da man annimmt , dass er männlich ist -- obwohl ich ihnen nicht gesagt habe , dass er der mit xy ist -- da man annimmt , dass er männlich ist , kann er nun eingezogen werden , worüber maria sich keine sorgen machen muss .
henry , by virtue of being assumed to be male -- although i haven &apos;t told you that he &apos;s the xy one -- by virtue of being assumed to be male is now liable to be drafted , which mary does not need to worry about .
heinrich , because you assume that he &apos;s male -- although i haven &apos;t told you that he &apos;s the xxy -- there &apos;s a huge male , he can now be pulled into what maria doesn &apos;t have to worry .
well , in a very good way , because you assume that he &apos;s male -- although i didn &apos;t tell you that he &apos;s with xy -- because you &apos;re going to take a male , he &apos;s now he &apos;s raised what he &apos;s going to do , which is not have to worry about , maria .

was kindergartenkinder anders machen ist , dass sie mit dem marshmallow beginnen und prototypen bauen , erfolgreiche prototypen , immer mit dem marshmallow an der spitze , so dass sie mehrfach die möglichkeit haben baufällige prototypen zu reparieren .
what kindergarteners do differently is that they start with the marshmallow , and they build prototypes , successive prototypes , always keeping the marshmallow on top , so they have multiple times to fix when they build prototypes along the way .
now , what children are doing is they &apos;re starting to rebuild with the marshmallow and prototypes , successful prototypes , with the marshmallow that they have so that they &apos;ve repaired the opportunity to repair the trees .
what kids do differently is they start building with the marshmallow mallow and prototypes , successful prototypes , always with the marshmallow on the top of the top , so that they have the opportunity to repair the bike prototype prototypes .

ich glaube auch es gibt theorien , die zu verstehen beginnen wie alles mit rna angefangen hat , aber ich werde euch eine vereinfachte geschichte davon erzählen welche lautet , dass zu dieser zeit kleine öltröpfchen herumschwebten , welche verschiedene arten von rezepten für chemikalien enthielten .
and i think that there &apos;s theories that are beginning to understand about how it started with rna , but i &apos;m going to tell a sort of simple story of it , which is that , at that time , there were little drops of oil floating around with all kinds of different recipes of chemicals in them .
i also believe there are theories that start to understand how everything started with rna , but i &apos;m going to tell you a simplistic story of what &apos;s going to say is that this little oil spills of oil spills , which have different kinds of receptions for chemicals .
i also think there are theories that start to understand how everything started with rna , but i &apos;m going to tell you a simplistic story about what &apos;s going on to be that little oil spill around these little oil blobs that contain different kinds of receptions of chemicals .

die nächsten wochen machte ich mir vorwürfe und ich erfuhr zum ersten mal selber die ungesunde scham , die in unserer medizinischen kultur existiert -- ich fühlte mich alleine , isoliert , nicht die art von gesunder scham , die man verspürt , weil man nicht mit den kollegen darüber sprechen kann .
over the next few weeks , i beat myself up and i experienced for the first time the unhealthy shame that exists in our culture of medicine -- where i felt alone , isolated , not feeling the healthy kind of shame that you feel , because you can &apos;t talk about it with your colleagues .
the next couple of weeks , i took forward , and i learned for the first time the unhealthy dogs that exists in our medical culture -- i felt alone , i felt alone , not the kind of healthier who you feel about it , because you can &apos;t talk to the colleagues .
the next weeks , i made myself forward , and i went to the first time , the unhealthy ones that exist in our medical culture -- i felt isolated by myself , not isolated by the way , because you can &apos;t talk to the colleagues about it .

immer wenn wir an eingeborene und landschaft denken , beschwören wir entweder rousseau und das alte gerücht des noblen wilden herauf , welches in seiner vereinfachung ein rassistischer gedanke ist oder andererseits thoreau und sagen , diese menschen sind mehr mit der natur verbunden , als wir .
whenever we think of indigenous people and landscape , we either invoke rousseau and the old canard of the &quot; noble savage , &quot; which is an idea racist in its simplicity , or alternatively , we invoke thoreau and say these people are closer to the earth than we are .
whenever we think of longevity and landscape , we either blacres and the old framework of the wild wilderness , which is a simplistic idea , or elsewhere , and say , these people are more connected to nature than we are .
and whenever we think of one-on-one landscape and thinking , we either complain and the old framework of the nobel wildian wilderness , which is a simplistic thought , or another thought , and say , these people are connected to nature .

bei anderen malen war sie nicht schnell genug . sie rannte und rannte und rannte , aber sie erreichte das haus nicht und das gedicht rollte durch sie hindurch und sie verpasste es . sie sagte es würde weiter über land ziehen und – wie sie sagte – <unk> nach einem anderen dichter suchen <unk> .
and other times she wouldn &apos;t be fast enough , so she &apos;d be running and running and running , and she wouldn &apos;t get to the house and the poem would barrel through her and she would miss it and she said it would continue on across the landscape , looking , as she put it &quot; for another poet . &quot;
in other words , they didn &apos;t draw fast enough . they ran and ran and ran , but they didn &apos;t get the house , and they didn &apos;t cut the poem through them through them , and they were passing it . she said it would move beyond country , and as she said -- she said , she looked for another woman .
it wasn &apos;t fast at the other hand , it wasn &apos;t fast enough . it ran and ranges and ranges , but they didn &apos;t get the house , and they didn &apos;t cut the poem through them through them and passing them through them , and she said it was going to go on to land -- and as she said , &quot; look for another black .

das funktioniert wirklich , das wird im akademischen <unk> gemacht , und wir haben dann gedacht , o.k , das kriegen wir vielleicht auch hin , haben dann eine webcam genommen , die aufgeschraubt , die linse abgemacht , umgedreht , dann hat man ein mikroskop , das vergrößert etwa vierhundertfach .
that really works , it &apos;s done in an academic setting , and then we thought , okay , we might manage that , and took a webcam , dismantled it , took off the lens , turned it around and then we have a microscope , which has a four hundred fold magnification approximately .
it really works , it &apos;s going to work in the academic , and then we thought , o.k , we might get there , then maybe we &apos;ve taken a webcam , which is made up of smoking , which is turned the lens , then you have a microscope , you zoom in a microscope , which is about four hundred times a hundred times a hundred times .
it really works that it &apos;s going to be done in the academic , and then we thought , ok , which we might have , maybe we &apos;ve got a webcam , then took a webcam that &apos;s done on the lens , the lens , and then you put a microscope , like a hundred times .

sie glaubten , dass ein genie diese art magisches göttliches wesen war , von dem geglaubt wurde , dass es sprichwörtlich in den wänden eines künstlerateliers lebt – ungefähr so wie dobby , der hauself – der rauskäme und dem künstler bei der arbeit gewissermaßen unsichtbar assistierte und das ergebnis der arbeit gestalten würde .
they believed that a genius was this , sort of magical divine entity , who was believed to literally live in the walls of an artist &apos;s studio , kind of like dobby the house elf , and who would come out and sort of invisibly assist the artist with their work and would shape the outcome of that work .
and they believed that a genius that this kind of magical creature was credible by believing that it literally lives in the beaches of an artist &apos;s studio in the art of an elite -- like dobby , the elevators -- and the artist &apos;s got to work in a certain amount of work , and the outcome that would make the work done .
they believed that a kind of magic was this magical divinity creature , which was believed that it was literally living in the correctly in the art of an artist -- about like the household -- the household of the house -- and the artist , in a way , was able to make the outcome and make the result of the work .

und dennoch , hier in diesem land , in den staaten des alten südens , richten wir menschen hin – hier ist das risiko , zum tode verurteilt zu werden , elf mal höher , wenn das opfer weiß ist , als wenn es schwarz ist . 22 mal höher , wenn der angeklagte schwarz ist und das opfer weiß – in denselben bundesstaaten , in deren erde die körper gelynchter menschen ruhen .
and yet , in this country , in the states of the old south , we execute people -- where you &apos;re 11 times more likely to get the death penalty if the victim is white than if the victim is black , 22 times more likely to get it if the defendant is black and the victim is white -- in the very states where there are buried in the ground the bodies of people who were lynched .
and yet , here in this country , in the states of the old south , we &apos;re building people -- here &apos;s risk to be convicted , elevated , elevators , when the victim is , when it &apos;s black , when 22 times diverse , the black is white , and the victim is white and the victim is white -- in the same state , in which the earth is the body of the human body .
and yet , in this country , in this country , in the middle of the south africa , we put people out there -- here &apos;s the risk to be convicted to death , when victims are higher than victims , when it &apos;s black when it &apos;s black , when 22 is black , and the black victims -- and the same victories in the same country whose body is in the world .

ich ging also nach hause und aß mit meiner frau zu abend und erzählte ihr von allem und wir dachten : &quot; nun , sekunde mal , wenn es doch diese technologie gibt , mit der man seine augen nutzen kann , um dinge zu steuern , dann sollten wir einen weg finden , dass tempt einen laser steuern kann , so dass er wieder graffiti machen kann , das wäre doch genial . &quot;
so i went home and was having dinner with my wife and was telling her about this , and we were like , &quot; well wait a second . if we know that this technology exists where you can use your eyes to control things , why don &apos;t we figure out a way for tempt to control a laser and he could do graf again ? well that would be awesome . &quot;
so at home , i went home and i went home with my wife , and i told her all the time , and we thought , &quot; well , if there &apos;s this technology , there &apos;s this technology that you can use to control things , then we should find a way at home , so that he can get a tax , so that he could do it again , but this would be brilliant . &quot;
so i went home , so i went home and i went home with my wife and i told her night and she said , &quot; well , let &apos;s say , &quot; well , if there &apos;s this technology that you can use to use his eyes to try and find their eyes , then we should find a way to find a laser , so he can do it again . &quot;

wenn man an land zurückkehrt und sich sagt , &quot; wir mussten es tun , das fiberglas , die schallschwächung , und das ganz drumherum , die ganze technik , und die schwierigkeiten , das menschliche leistungsvermögen , wenn man auf see arbeitet &quot; , dann kann man das anderen einfach nicht erklären . das ist wie bei polizisten oder bei soldaten , die etwas gemeinsam durchgemacht haben und wissen , dass sie es nie jemanden erklären können .
when you come back to the shore and you say , &quot; we had to do this , and the fiber optic , and the attentuation , and the this and the that , all the technology of it , and the difficulty , the human-performance aspects of working at sea , &quot; you can &apos;t explain it to people . it &apos;s that thing that maybe cops have , or people in combat that have gone through something together and they know they can never explain it .
and we had to go back and say , &quot; we had to do the crude glass , we all the printing , the whole technology , the whole thing that works , the whole technology , and the difficulty , the whole , the whole population , the difficulty , the difficulty , the human difficulty , and the difficulty , if you can just explain it , &quot; in other , you can &apos;t explain the polish , or you &apos;ve never done something like the policeman , and you &apos;ve never talked about it .
and we said , &quot; we had to tell the land , &quot; we have to say , &quot; we had to do the glass of glass and the whole , the whole thing , the whole thing that you can do , the whole difficulty , and the whole difficulty of technology you can &apos;t work , &quot; if you work on the lake , &quot; and you just don &apos;t just like that , or you &apos;ve just done it , or you &apos;ve never been able to explain that , or you &apos;ve never done it . you &apos;ve never been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have to somebody else .

