la droite polonaise représente le cas le plus difficile .
poland &apos;s right poses the most difficult case .
the polish right is the most difficult case .
the polish right is the most difficult case .

ces armes constituent une menace grave et immédiate .
those weapons pose a grave , immediate threat ;
these weapons are a serious and immediate threat .
these weapons are a serious and immediate threat .

mais les perspectives sont de loin supérieures .
on balance , however , the advantages far outweigh the risks .
but the prospects are far higher .
but the prospects are far higher .

l&apos; histoire suggère le contraire .
history suggests not .
history suggests the opposite .
history suggests the opposite .

le désastre européen de blair
blair &apos;s eu disaster
the european disaster in blair
the european disaster of blair &apos;s european disaster

au départ , cela semblait être la tactique choisie par le gouvernement britannique .
at first , this seemed to be the british government &apos;s chosen tactic .
initially , this seemed to be the tactic chosen by the british government .
initially , this seemed to be the tactic chosen by the british government .

bush et blair doivent démontrer que les inspections de l&apos; onu étaient inefficaces .
bush and blair should demonstrate that the un inspection process was failing .
bush and blair must demonstrate that un inspections are ineffective .
bush and blair must demonstrate that un inspections were ineffective .

l&apos; europe de l&apos; est va-t-elle parvenir à une certaine stabilité politique ?
is eastern europe &apos;s political pendulum about to run down ?
will europe achieve a certain degree of political stability ?
will the europe of the east achieve certain political stability ?

nous devons tous devenir des combattants de la liberté .
we must all become freedom fighters .
we must all become the fighters of freedom .
we all need to become the fighters of freedom .

cependant , quelque chose empêche l&apos; amérique latine de progresser .
yet something is holding latin america back .
however , something does not prevent latin america from making progress .
however , something preventing latin america from moving forward .

en effet , le kosovo s&apos; est transformé en tube à essai de l&apos; intervention internationale .
indeed , kosovo has become a petri dish for international intervention .
indeed , kosovo has turned into a test of international intervention .
indeed , kosovo has turned into a test of international intervention .

mais la politique de défense ne constitue qu&apos; un seul des composants de la politique extérieure .
but defense policy is only one component of foreign policy .
but defence policy is only one of the components of external policy .
but defence policy is only one of the components of external policy .

personne n&apos; avait prévu ce boom , donc prédire sa fin est risqué .
no one predicted this boom , so predicting its end is risky .
no one had provided for this boom , so to say its end is risked .
no one had planned this boom , so it is risking its end .

ainsi , les arguments en faveur d&apos; un gouvernement représentatif restent non négligeables .
so the case for representative government remains strong .
in this way , the arguments for a representative government are still not negligible .
thus , the arguments for a representative government are still not negligible .

il est facile d&apos; écarter la suggestion que la technologie peut être la solution .
it is easy to dismiss the suggestion that technology can save the day .
it is easy to remove the suggestion that technology can be the solution .
it is easy to remove the suggestion that technology can be the solution .

pensez aux différents effets des taux d&apos; intérêt sur les débiteurs par opposition aux créditeurs .
think about the different effects of interest rates on debtors versus creditors .
think of the different effects of interest rates on debtors by opposition to creators .
think of the different effects of interest rates on debtors by opposition to creditors .

des gouvernements normalement prudents prennent actuellement leurs marques comme si l&apos; avenir les attendait au coin du bois .
normally cautious governments are positioning themselves now as if the future were around the corner .
normally cautious governments are currently taking their trades as if the future had expected them to cross timber .
normally cautious governments are currently taking their marks as if the future was expected of timber .

tout comme de gaulle en algérie , sharon a redistribué les cartes de la politique israélienne .
like de gaulle in algeria , sharon has reshuffled the cards of israel &apos;s politics .
as well as de gaulle in algeria , sharon has redistributed the cards of israeli policy .
just like de gaulle in algeria , sharon has redistributed the cards of israeli policy .

il n&apos; est pas certain que les supporters de zhao s&apos; expriment de la même manière .
whether zhao &apos;s supporters will express themselves in a similar fashion is uncertain .
it is not certain that the zhao supporters are speaking in the same way .
it is not certain that the supporters of zhao speak in the same way .

seule une telle clarté peut permettre de mettre correctement un terme à l&apos; engagement des acteurs internationaux .
only such clarity can allow for a proper end to international actors &apos; engagement .
only such clarity can make it possible to put an end to the commitment of international actors properly .
only such clarity can enable us to put a proper end to the commitment of international actors .

la vie symphonique américaine est eurocentriste sous presque tous ses aspects , sauf pour son financement .
american symphonic life is euro-centric in almost every respect except for its funding .
american phonic life is eurocentrist in almost all its aspects , except for its funding .
the american pophonic life is eurocentrist under almost all its aspects , except for its funding .

d&apos; où la croyance populaire que les démocraties , comme le vin , se bonifient avec l&apos; âge .
hence the popular belief that democracies , like wine , improve with age .
hence the popular belief that democracies , such as wine , are going to grow with the age .
hence the popular belief that democracies , such as wine , are beaten with age .

les fantômes de notre économie passée nous reviennent parce que les leçons du présent sont toujours saturées .
the ghosts of economics &apos; past return because the lessons of the present are always oversold .
the ghost of our past economy comes back to us because the lessons of the present are always sailing .
the fanatics of our past economy come back to us because the lessons of the present are still satuous .

dans la vie , les choses les plus importantes , comme la vie elle-même , n&apos; ont pas de prix .
the most important things in life ­ like life itself ­ are priceless .
in life , the most important things , such as life itself , do not have prices .
in life , the most important things , such as life itself , do not have price .

il existe un certain nombre d&apos; autres coûts , certains potentiellement importants , qui sont très difficiles à quantifier .
there are a number of other costs , some potentially quite large , although quantifying them is problematic .
there are a number of other costs , some potentially important , which are very difficult to quantify .
there are a number of other costs , some potentially important costs , which are very difficult to quantify .

mais il fait peu de doute qu&apos; elle a été grandement diminuée et le restera pour plusieurs années .
but there is little doubt that the option value has been greatly impaired and will likely remain so for several years .
but there is little doubt that it has been significantly reduced and will remain so for several years .
but there is little doubt that it has been significantly reduced and will remain so for several years .

le premier choc a été l&apos; intensification de la mondialisation , qui a provoqué l&apos; arrivée massive d&apos; une concurrence à bas salaires .
the first shock was intensified globalization , which brought a lot of new low-wage competition .
the first shock has been the increase in globalisation , which has resulted in the massive arrival of low wage competition .
the first shock was the increase in globalisation , which caused the massive arrival of low wage competition .

la précipitation à mettre de nouveaux médicaments sur le marché conduit souvent à une recherche incomplète sur leur innocuité .
the rush to get new drugs to market often leads to inadequate safety documentation .
the rushing of new medicines on the market often leads to incomplete research on their greed .
the haste of new medicines on the market often leads to incomplete research on their innovation .

mon pays , la pologne , a toujours eu des liens culturels profonds avec les autres pays européens , particulièrement la france .
my country , poland , has always had deep cultural ties to other european countries , especially france .
my country , poland , has always had profound cultural ties with the other european countries , particularly france .
my country , poland , has always had profound cultural links with other european countries , particularly france .

à ce point , des sceptiques peu charitables gloussent que nous avons les médias que nous méritons .
at this point , uncharitable skeptics chortle that we get the media we deserve .
in this respect , there are few fearful doubts that we have the media that we deserve .
in this respect , some of the little charity that we have the media that we deserve .

en 1967 et 1973 , l&apos; onu se retira du moyen-orient , laissant israël se défendre par ses propres moyens .
in both 1967 and 1973 , with war looming , the un withdrew from the middle east , leaving israel to defend itself .
in 1967 and 2014 , the un will withdraw from the middle east , leaving israel to defend itself by its own means .
in 1967 and 18 , the un will withdraw from the middle east , leaving israel to defend itself by its own means .

la première leçon à tirer pour les décideurs occidentaux est peut-être que les entreprises virtuelles s&apos; appuient sur une culture de la confiance .
perhaps the first lesson for western policymakers is that virtual enterprises run on a culture of trust .
the first lesson to be learned for the western decision-makers is perhaps that virtual companies are based on a culture of trust .
the first lesson to be drawn to western decision-makers is perhaps that virtual companies are based on a culture of trust .

ils doivent également se concentrer davantage sur la formation scientifique et technologique et encourager une plus grande proportion d&apos; étudiants à recevoir un enseignement universitaire .
they should also increase their focus on scientific and technological training and encourage a higher proportion of students to go on to university education .
they must also focus more on scientific and technological training and encourage a greater proportion of students to receive academic education .
they must also focus more on scientific and technological training and encourage a greater proportion of students to receive university education .

en effet , avant la première guerre mondiale , l&apos; équipe nationale de football allemande était entièrement composée de joueurs aux patronymes polonais .
indeed , before world war i the german national football team consisted entirely of players with polish names .
in fact , before the first world war , the german national football team was fully made up of players with polish employers .
indeed , before the first world war , the german national football team was fully made up of players to polish employers .

pourtant , la situation est très différente lorsqu&apos; il s&apos; agit de l&apos; innocuité des médicaments délivrés sur ordonnance .
but the situation is far different concerning the safety of prescription drugs .
however , the situation is very different when it comes to the innovation of medicinal products issued on order .
however , the situation is very different when it comes to the innovation of medicinal products issued on order .

curieusement , il n&apos; existe aucune explication généralement acceptée parce que les causes ultimes de ce boom sont principalement psychologiques .
surprisingly , there is no well-received explanation , because this boom &apos;s ultimate causes are mostly psychological .
curiously , there is no generally accepted explanation , because the ultimate causes of this boom are mainly psychological .
curiously , there is no generally accepted explanation because the causes of this boom are mainly psychological .

pendant longtemps , la rhã <unk> torique rã <unk> formiste de schrã <unk> der n&apos; a pas correspondu ã sa politique .
for a long time , schröder &apos;s reformist rhetoric had not been matched by his politics .
for a long time , the rhine , the rhine , which is a formality of schtenet , did not correspond to its policy .
for a long time , the rhine has been concerned with the fact that the so-called &apos; formist &apos; of schrder &apos; did not correspond to its policy .

il est vrai , bien sûr , que l&apos; élargissement a fondamentalement modifié l&apos; union et donné naissance à de nouveaux problèmes et à des questions politiques .
it is , of course , true that enlargement has fundamentally changed the union and given rise to new problems and policy concerns .
it is true , of course , that enlargement has fundamentally amended the union and created new problems and political issues .
it is true , of course , that enlargement has fundamentally changed the union and given rise to new problems and political issues .

le sauvetage des musulmans du kosovo n&apos; était pas du fait de l&apos; onu : leur cause n&apos; a jamais reçu l&apos; approbation du conseil de sécurité .
the rescue of kosovo &apos;s muslims was not a un action : their cause never gained security council approval .
the rescue of the muslims in kosovo was not the fact of the un : their cause has never been approved by the security council .
the rescue of the muslims in kosovo was not due to the un : their cause has never been given the approval of the security council .

nos valeurs doivent prendre corps dans et par le débat démocratique , sans plus , notre défense doit concerner trois domaines qu&apos; on ne peut séparer .
our values reflect the democratic debate itself , nothing more , and our defense of them must address three related fields .
our values must be taken into account and by the democratic debate , without further , our defence must concern three areas that cannot be separate .
our values must take place in and through the democratic debate , without more , our defence must concern three areas that cannot be separate .

ce modèle est à la base du monde des affaires d&apos; aujourd&apos; hui , tout comme la centralisation en a été la stratégie de défense privilégiée .
this model is the current basis of the business world , just as centralization has also been the favored defense strategy .
this model is the basis of today &apos;s business world , just as centralisation has been the privileged defence strategy .
this model is the basis of today &apos;s business world , just as the centralization of it has been the privileged defence strategy .

le gouvernement bush , sans accuser formellement la syrie , n&apos; est pas loin de faire la même chose et vient de rappeler son ambassadeur en poste à damas .
the bush administration , while not formally blaming syria , virtually did so and recalled its ambassador to damascus .
the bush government , without formally accusing syria , is not far from doing the same thing and has just reminded its ambassador in damas .
the bush government , without formally accused syria , is not far from doing the same thing and has just reminded its ambassador in damas .

c&apos; est en cela qu&apos; il incarne le paradoxe qu&apos; est la chrétienté : des principes sacrés et durables associés à la compréhension et à la tolérance .
in this , he personifies the paradox that is christianity : unbreakable and lasting principles joined by understanding and tolerance .
it is in this way that it embodies the paradox of the christianity : sacred and sustainable principles associated with understanding and tolerance .
that is why it embodies the paradox that is christianity : sacred and sustainable principles associated with understanding and tolerance .

en afrique sub-saharienne , la plupart des économies ne sont pas parvenues à faire face aux programmes d&apos; ajustement exigés par le fmi et la banque mondiale .
in sub-saharan africa , most economies failed to respond to the adjustment programs demanded by the imf and world bank .
in sub-saharan africa , most economies have not managed to cope with the adjustment programmes required by the imf and the world bank .
in sub-saharan africa , most economies have not managed to deal with the adjustment programmes required by the imf and the world bank .

en outre , d&apos; autres questions liées à l&apos; eau , telles que les risques que présentent les inondations , ont été ramenées à des niveaux gérables .
in addition , other water-related issues , such as the risks posed by flooding , have been reduced to manageable levels .
in addition , other issues related to water , such as the risks posed by the floods , have been reduced at geo-level .
in addition , other issues relating to water , such as the risks posed by floods , have been rayed at giant levels .

du côté palestinien , la consolidation du contrôle par l&apos; autorité palestinienne d&apos; une dizaine de services de sécurité et de milices constituerait une avancée importante .
on the palestinian side , consolidation of the palestinian authority &apos;s control over a dozen security services and militias would be an important step .
on the palestinian side , the consolidation of control by the palestinian authority of ten security services and militia would be an important step forward .
on the palestinian side , the consolidation of control by the palestinian authority of ten security services and militias would be an important step forward .

la défense antimissiles ne menace pas la stabilité stratégique entre les etats-unis et la russie mais si elle est mal présentée , elle met en péril la vision politique à long terme .
missile defense is not a threat to us-russian strategic stability ; its mishandling is a threat to political predictability .
anti-missile defence does not threaten the strategic stability between the united states and russia , but if it is badly presented , it jeopardises the long-term political vision .
anti-missile defence does not threaten strategic stability between the united states and russia , but if it is not presented , it puts the long-term political vision at risk .

alors que les troupes étaient déployées dans le but d&apos; une entrée et d&apos; un retrait souples , l&apos; administration bush finit par les utiliser pour une occupation à l&apos; ancienne .
while the forces were deployed for a flexible entry and withdrawal , the bush administration ended up using them for an old-fashioned occupation .
while troops were deployed with the aim of entry and flexible withdrawal , the bush administration is finally using them for occupation to the old .
while the troops were deployed with the aim of entry and flexible withdrawal , the bush administration ends up using them for occupation in the former .

cette tension est si envahissante , en fait , que toute perspective d&apos; entamer le si nécessaire processus de réconciliation doit à présent être repoussée à un avenir lointain .
so pervasive is this tension , in fact , that any chance of even beginning the much-needed reconciliation process must now be pushed far into the future .
this tension is so invented , in fact , that any prospect of starting the necessary process of reconciliation must now be postponed to a distant future .
this tension is so invented , in fact , that any prospect of starting the necessary reconciliation process must now be postponed to a distant future .

il est indéniable que lorsque la programmation d&apos; une guerre est une affaire de choix , comme c&apos; était le cas ici , une préparation inadéquate est encore moins justifiable .
certainly , when a war &apos;s timing is a matter of choice , as in this case , inadequate preparation is even less justifiable .
there is no doubt that when the programming of a war is a matter of choice , as was the case here , inadequate preparation is even less justifiable .
it is undeniable that when the programming of a war is a matter of choice , as was the case here , inadequate preparation is even less justifiable .

j&apos; avais reçu un cadeau , en lui-même simplement une autre démonstration de l&apos; exercice arbitraire du pouvoir du président , et non une preuve de respect des principes moraux .
i was receiving a gift--itself merely another demonstration of the president &apos;s arbitrary exercise of power--not proof of respect for moral principles .
i had received a gift , in itself just another demonstration of the arbitrary exercise of the president &apos;s power , and not proof of respect for moral principles .
i had received a gift , just another demonstration of the arbitrary exercise of the power of the president , not proof of respect for moral principles .

il faudra alors déterminer si elles pouvaient représenter une menace à l&apos; extérieur des frontières irakiennes et dans quelle mesure l&apos; irak les aurait employées si la guerre en cours n&apos; avait pas eu lieu .
whether they posed any real threat outside iraq &apos;s borders , or would have been used in the absence of the current war , must still be assessed .
it will then be necessary to determine whether they could represent a threat outside the iraqi borders and to what extent iraq would have used them if the ongoing war had not taken place .
it will then be necessary to determine whether they could represent a threat outside the iraqi borders and to what extent iraq would have used them if the current war had not taken place .

beaucoup de gens pensent que les socialistes ne se lanceraient pas dans des privatisations ou ne s&apos; attaqueraient pas à la protection sociale s&apos; il n&apos; y avait pas nécessité absolue .
many people believe that the socialists would not privatize the economy or slash welfare systems if such measures were not absolutely necessary .
many people believe that the socialists will not start in privatisation or do not attack social protection if there was no absolute need .
many people believe that the socialists would not be in privatisation or would not tackle social protection if there were no absolute need for it .

un 4x4 qui parcourt 17 kilomètres en ville et qui consomme 3,7 litres d&apos; essence rejette près de 3 kilos de bioxyde de carbone dans l&apos; atmosphère .
an suv going ten miles in the city and burning a gallon of gasoline pumps about three kilograms of carbon into the atmosphere .
a 4x4 which par17 kilometres in city and which consume 3.7 litres of petrol rejects nearly 3 kilos of biocarbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
a 4x4 which parks 17 kilometres in the city and which consume 3.7 km of essence rejects almost 3 kilos of biocarbon oxides in the atmosphere .

sous la présidence de roh , la politique intérieure de la corée du sud et ses relations avec les etats-unis et la corée du nord nécessiteront une mise à neuf quasi-totale .
under president roh , south korea &apos;s domestic politics and relations with the us and north korea will require an almost total overhaul .
under the presidency of roh , south korea &apos;s internal policy and its relations with the united states and north korea will require almost nine complete implementation .
under the presidency of roh , the internal policy of south korea and its relations with the united states and north korea will require almost nine total implementation .

bien au contraire , sa rhétorique belligérante et sa gouvernance irrationnelle ont effrayé les investisseurs , entraînant un déclin économique et l&apos; accroissement du chômage et de la pauvreté .
on the contrary , his belligerent rhetoric and inept governance scared off investors , inciting economic decline and boosting unemployment and poverty .
on the contrary , its belligerent rhetoric and irrational governance have frightened investors , resulting in an economic decline and increasing unemployment and poverty .
on the contrary , his belligerous rhetoric and irrational governance have frightened investors , leading to economic decline and increasing unemployment and poverty .

différentes politiques , adaptées aux réalités locales , régionales et internationales , devront être mises en oeuvre pour répondre aux défis posés par la corée du nord , l&apos; iran , la syrie , et bien d&apos; autres pays .
different policies-tailored for local , regional , and international realities-will be needed to meet the challenges posed by north korea , iran , syria , or elsewhere .
different policies , adapted to local , regional and international realities , will have to be implemented to meet the challenges posed by north korea , iran , syria and many other countries .
different policies , adapted to local , regional and international realities , must be implemented in order to meet the challenges posed by north korea , iran , syria and many other countries .

la chute des prix des actions depuis 2000 dans la plupart des pays donne un air peu rassurant aux biens financiers , stimulant le &quot; refuge vers la qualité &quot; , soit dans ce cas vers la pierre .
the crash in equity prices since 2000 in most countries has made financial assets look less secure , spurring a &quot; flight to quality &quot; - in this case , housing .
the fall in prices of actions since 2000 in most countries gives a little reassurance to financial goods , encouraging &apos; refuge to quality &apos; , either in this case towards the stone .
the fall in the prices of actions since 2000 in most countries gives a little reassurance to financial goods , stimulating &apos; refuge towards quality &apos; , or in this case to the stone .

nous avons découvert que non seulement les médias n&apos; éliminent pas les mauvaises idées , mais qu&apos; ils les favorisent souvent , surtout lorsque la vérité est trop embrouillée pour pouvoir être présentée nettement .
we find that the media not only fail to weed out bad ideas , but that they often favor bad ideas , especially when the truth is too messy to be packaged neatly .
we have discovered that not only the media do not eliminate bad ideas , but that they often promote them , especially when the truth is too immune to being presented considerably .
we have discovered that not only the media do not eliminate the bad ideas , but that they often encourage them , especially when the truth is too rough in order to be able to be clearly presented .

les forces des nations unies n&apos; ont pas à supporter les conséquences de l&apos; incapacité américaine à gérer l&apos; occupation et donc les appels à l&apos; aide financière que lancent les états-unis devraient rester sans réponse .
un soldiers should not bear the consequence of america &apos;s failure to manage the occupation , so us cries for financial help should fall on deaf ears .
the united nations forces do not have to bear the consequences of the american inability to manage the occupation and , therefore , calls for financial assistance that the united states should remain unanswered .
the united nations forces do not have to bear the consequences of the american inability to manage the occupation and hence the calls for financial aid that the united states should remain unanswered .

plus les prix de l&apos; énergie restent à leurs niveaux élevés d&apos; aujourd&apos; hui , plus grande est la probabilité que l&apos; anticipation de l&apos; inflation augmentera et que les effets secondaires se matérialiseront .
the longer energy prices remain at their current lofty levels , the greater the probability that inflationary expectations will increase and that second-round effects will materialize .
the higher energy prices are still at their highest levels today , the greater the likelihood that inflation will increase and the secondary effects will become material .
the more energy prices remain at their high levels of today , the greater it is the probability that inflation will increase and that the secondary effects will become material .

aujourd&apos; hui , alors qu&apos; un grand nombre de groupes d&apos; intérêts privés essaient de la diluer jusqu&apos; à lui enlever toute sa signification , cette bataille sera assurément inscrite à l&apos; ordre du jour de l&apos; union européenne pour 2006 .
now , with countless private interest groups trying to water it down into irrelevance , the battle will be firmly on the eu &apos;s agenda in 2006 .
today , while a large number of private interest groups are trying to dilute it up to its full significance , this battle will certainly be placed on the agenda of the european union for 2006 .
today , while a large number of private interests groups are trying to dilute it up until it has taken its full meaning , this battle will certainly be on the agenda of the european union for 2006 .

mais les constructeurs automobiles américains adorent leurs voitures qui consomment beaucoup d&apos; essence et les copains de bush de l&apos; industrie du pétrole n&apos; admettent aucune ingérence dans leur destruction de l&apos; atmosphère de la planète .
but america &apos;s automakers love their gas-guzzlers , and bush &apos;s oil industry pals want no interference with their destruction of the planet &apos;s atmosphere .
but american car manufacturers are admitting their cars that consume a great deal of petrol and the bush coins of the oil industry do not accept any interference in their destruction of the atmosphere of the planet .
but the american car manufacturers are adjusting their cars that consume a great deal of essence and the bush coins of the oil industry do not accept any interference in their destruction of the planet &apos;s atmosphere .

des experts juridiques de washington suggèrent que des préparations modérées en vue de la construction de missile et de sites radars ne violent pas le traité abm et ne forcent donc pas les etats-unis à le dénoncer .
legal experts in washington suggest that modest preparations for building missile and radar sites do not violate the abm-treaty and so do not yet require a us notice to quit .
the legal experts in washington suggest that moderate preparations for the construction of missile and dda sites do not violate the abm treaty and therefore do not force the united states to condemn it .
the legal experts in washington suggest that moderate preparations for the construction of the missile and dar sites do not violate the abm treaty and therefore do not force the united states to condemn it .

de même , au kosovo la communauté internationale n&apos; a consacré que peu de temps à aider les anciens combattants à considérer leur responsabilité collective pour les atrocités commises , que leur implication personnelle ait été directe ou indirecte .
similarly , in kosovo the international community has devoted little time to helping former combatants contemplate their collective responsibility for atrocities , no matter how direct or indirect their personal involvement .
at the same time , in kosovo , the international community has devoted only little time to helping the old fighters to consider their collective responsibility for the atrocities committed , that their personal involvement has been direct or indirect .
similarly , in kosovo , the international community has only devoted little time to helping the old fighters to consider their collective responsibility for the atrocities committed , that their personal involvement has been direct or indirect .

cependant , l&apos; opposition continue des institutions de l&apos; ue a poussé la plupart des pays candidats à abandonner l&apos; idée d&apos; adopter l&apos; euro de manière unilatérale ou encore aussi tôt que possible après leur entrée dans l&apos; union .
but continuing opposition by eu institutions has led most candidate countries to abandon the idea of adopting the euro unilaterally or as quickly as possible after entering the union .
however , the continuing opposition of the eu institutions has led most applicant countries to abandon the idea of adopting the euro unilaterally or as soon as possible after their entry into the union .
however , the continuing opposition of the eu institutions has led most of the candidate countries to abandon the idea of adopting the euro unilaterally or even as soon as possible after their entry into the union .

dans des pays aussi divers que l&apos; algérie , le bangladesh , le brésil , la chine , l&apos; estonie ou la zambie , des qualifications et une formation inadéquates représentent des obstacles difficilement franchissables .
more than 20 % of all firms , in countries as diverse as algeria , bangladesh , brazil , china , estonia , and zambia , rate inadequate skills and education of workers as a major or a severe obstacle .
in countries as diverse as algeria , bangladesh , brazil , china , estonia or ia , qualifications and inadequate training are difficult to overcome .
in countries like various countries such as algeria , bangladesh , brazil , china , estonia or the e , qualifications and inadequate training represent difficult obstacles .

il est curieux de voir combien de gens semblent penser que les usa vont connaître une croissance plus rapide que l&apos; europe et le japon au cours des dix prochaines années , simplement parce que c&apos; est ce qui s&apos; est passé au cours des dix dernières années .
it is curious how many people seem to think that the us will grow faster than europe and japan over the next ten years simply because it has done so for the past ten years .
it is curious to see how many people seem to think that the usa will have more rapid growth than europe and japan over the next ten years , simply because it has happened over the last ten years .
it is strange to see how many people seem to think that the usa will have a faster growth than europe and japan over the next ten years , simply because it has happened over the last ten years .

même nous , qui sommes opposés à la guerre , avons été atterrés par ce que nous avons découvert : nos estimations , de modestes à modérées , varient d&apos; un peu moins d&apos; un billion de dollars à plus de 2 billions .
even we , as opponents of the war , were staggered by what we found , with conservative to moderate estimates ranging from slightly less than a trillion dollars to more than $ 2 trillion .
even we , who are opposed to the war , have been appalled by what we have discovered : our estimates , modest to moderate , vary from a little less than usd m to more than 2 .
even we , who are opposed to the war , have been shattered by what we have discovered : our estimates , modest estimates in moderate terms , vary from less than usd 1 to more than 2 .

il fut même le premier leader chinois à porter un costume et une cravate plutôt que l&apos; habit maoïste quand il voyageait à l&apos; étranger et le premier à participer à des conférences de presse ouvertes .
he was even the first chinese leader to wear a suit and tie rather than a mao habit when traveling abroad , as well as the first to hold an open press conference .
it was even the first chinese leader to hold a stuff and a cravate rather than maost when he went abroad and the first to participate in open press conferences .
it was even the first chinese leader to bring a costum and a vate rather than the maoist when he travel abroad and the first to participate in open press conferences .

presque toute la créativité et la résolution des problèmes se passent dans de petites entreprises et sont &quot; intégrées &quot; plus tard par les grosses compagnies , dont l&apos; infrastructure est chère et fragile , et qui conserve la plus grande partie des bénéfices .
nearly all the creativity and problem solving occurs in small companies and is later &quot; integrated &quot; by mega-corporations , which have an expensive and vulnerable infrastructure , and keep most of the profit .
almost all creativity and the resolution of problems occur in small businesses and are &apos; integrated &apos; later by large companies , whose infrastructure is expensive and fragile , and which retain the largest share of profits .
almost all creativity and the resolution of the problems is going on in small businesses and are &apos; integrated &apos; by the large companies , whose infrastructure is expensive and fragile , and which maintain the most part of the profits .

cette attitude se propagea à los angeles , new york et sydney vers 1997 et paris en 1998 , jusqu&apos; à miami , moscou et shanghai en 2001 et vancouver en 2002 .
boom mentality spread to los angeles , new york , and sydney around 1997 , to paris in 1998 , to miami , moscow , and shanghai in 2001 , and vancouver around 2002 .
this attitude is spreading to the united kingdom , new york and sydcd in 1997 and paris in 1998 , up to mia , moscow and shanghai in 2001 and vancouver in 2002 .
this attitude is spread to the emaks , new york and sydder in 1997 and paris in 1998 , up to mia , moscow and shanghai in 2001 and vancouver in 2002 .

l&apos; économie américaine dispose de nombreuses autres forces , notamment son système financier supérieur et sa position dominante en biens d&apos; équipement de haute technologie , mais le fait est que l&apos; avantage des états-unis dans ce secteur n&apos; a pas pour l&apos; instant été aussi frappant que le phénomène wal-mart .
the us economy has many other strengths , including its superior financial system and leading position in high-tech capital goods , but the fact remains that america &apos;s advantage in these areas has so far not been nearly as striking as the wal-mart phenomenon .
the american economy has many other forces , including its higher financial system and its dominant position in high-tech equipment , but the fact is that the advantage of the united states in this sector has not been as striking as the wwal-mart phenomenon .
the american economy has many other forces , including its higher financial system and its dominant position on high-technology equipment , but the fact is that the advantage of the united states in this sector has not yet been as striking as the wal-mart phenomenon .

l&apos; amérique latine , la région ayant le plus essayé de mettre en place les recettes du « consensus de washington » ( marché libre , dérégulation des prix , privatisation ) , a fait l&apos; expérience d&apos; une croissance faible et volatile creusant le fossé des inégalités .
latin america , the region that tried hardest to implement the &quot; washington consensus &quot; recipes--free trade , price deregulation , and privatization--has experienced low and volatile growth , with widening inequalities .
latin america , as the region most has tried to put in place the &apos; washington consensus &apos; revenue ( free market , deregulation of prices , privatisation ) , has experience of low growth and the creator of inequalities .
latin america , the region that has tried most to put in place the revenue of the &apos; washington consensus &apos; ( free market , deregulation of prices , privatisation ) , has shown the experience of low growth and the crept of the gap in inequalities .

tony blair , autrefois ardent défenseur de l&apos; europe ( du moins selon les normes peu exigeantes de la grande-bretagne ) , pourrait bien avoir à céder enfin le pouvoir à gordon brown , qui est bien connu pour son manque de chaleur envers l&apos; intégration européenne .
tony blair , once an ardent pro-european ( at least by britain &apos;s undemanding standards ) , might finally have to cede power to gordon brown , who is famously cold to european integration .
tony blair , in the past , arduous defender of europe ( at least according to britain &apos;s undemanding standards ) , could well have to give the power at last to gordon brown , which is well known for its lack of heat to european integration .
in the past , tony blair , who once advocated europe ( at least according to the undemanding standards of britain ) , could at last give up the power in gordon brown , which is well known for its lack of heat towards european integration .

la plupart des gens chercheront toujours instinctivement de « grands hommes » pour figures historiques , les hommes ( et les femmes ) qui semblent forger les événements grâce à leur vision politique , leur charisme personnel et la force de leurs positions morales .
instead , most people still instinctively look at &quot; great men &quot; as the agents of history , the men ( and women ) who seem to forge events through their political vision , personal charisma , and the force of their moral claims .
most people will always seek &apos; great men &apos; for historical history , men and women , who seem to be forging events through their political vision , their personal charity and the strength of their moral positions .
most people will always seek &apos; big men &apos; for historical figures , men and women , who seem to forge events through their political vision , their personal charity and the strength of their moral positions .

les administrateurs du us medicare trust funds ( qui apporte des services médicaux aux retraités ) estiment que leurs obligations flottantes valent désormais 5,9 trillions de dollars , soit plus de la moitié de la dette nationale publique officielle de l&apos; amérique .
the trustees of the us medicare trust funds ( providing medical services to the retired ) estimate that their unfunded obligations have a present value of $ 5.9 trillion--50 % larger than america &apos;s official publicly-held national debt .
for example , the players in the twins of the trafficking in the twentieth trust ( who provide medical services to pensioners ) believe that their vague obligations are now 5.9 trilles of dollars , or more than half of the official state debt of america .
it is estimated that the leaders of the us leaders of the meters of the meters , who provide medical services to pensioners , believe that their vague obligations are now 5.9 trilm dollars , or more than half of the official state debt of america .

un des prédécesseurs discrédités de m. chávez fut démis de ses fonctions suite à des accusations peu sérieuses de délit de commission ; le parlement de l&apos; équateur déclara un président catastrophique « frappé d&apos; incapacité mentale » ; au pérou , un président autocrate fut forcé à l&apos; exil après des mois de pressions internationales et locales .
one of chávez &apos;s discredited predecessors was impeached on flimsy charges of malfeasance ; ecuador &apos;s congress declared a disastrous chief executive &quot; mentally incompetent &quot; ; in peru , an autocratic president , after months of domestic and international pressure , was forced into exile .
one of mr chávez &apos;s discretionary predecessors was dismissed from his duties following a little serious accusations by the commission ; the parliament of the equator declared a catastrophic president of mental inability ; in peru , a self-crat president was forced to exile after months of international and local pressure .
one of the discretionary predecessors of mr chávez was dismissed his functions as a result of unserious accusations of the commission &apos;s crime ; the parliament of the equator declared a disastrous president of &apos; mental inability &apos; ; in peru , a self-crazy president was forced to exile after months of international and local pressure .

le « désengagement de l&apos; état » auquel assiste une grande partie du monde développée dernièrement a généralement impliqué la réduction du rôle de l&apos; état , notamment dans sa capacité à diriger et à soutenir le développement , ainsi que de ses interventions sociales dans les domaines de l&apos; éducation publique , la santé , le logement et les services publics .
the &quot; retreat of the state &quot; in much of the developing world in recent decades has involved a generally reduced role for government , including the capacity to lead and sustain development , as well as its progressive social interventions in areas such as public education , health , housing , and utilities .
the &apos; disengagement of the state &apos; to which a large part of the world that has recently developed has generally involved the reduction of the role of the state , particularly in its capacity to lead and support development , as well as its social interventions in the areas of public education , health , housing and public services .
the &apos; disengagement of the state &apos; to which a large part of the world has recently developed has generally involved reducing the role of the state , particularly in its ability to lead and support development , as well as its social interventions in the areas of public education , health , housing and public services .

la france a essayé de le faire avec le débat qu&apos; elle a engagé , et conclu par une loi , sur la laïcité , une entreprise importante même si elle aurait pu être mieux conduite et faire mieux apparaître le lien entre les principes , les réalités sociales et anthropologiques et les grandes politiques .
france &apos;s ongoing public debate about secularism and legislation is an important effort in this direction , even if the debate could be better organized to demonstrate the link between principles , social and anthropological facts , and public policy .
france has tried to do so with the debate that it has initiated , and concluded by a law , on lain , an important company , even if it could have been better led and better able to see the link between principles , social and anpological realities and major policies .
france has tried to do so with the debate that it has committed , and concluded by a law , on lain , an important company , even if it could have been better and better to show the link between principles , social and anpological realities and major policies .

cette peur peut constituer l&apos; une des raisons pour lesquelles le président bush a refusé de rencontrer récemment le premier ministre orban et il est fréquemment question que si orban s&apos; était exprimé comme il le fait maintenant avant l&apos; entrée de la hongrie dans l&apos; otan , la candidature de son pays aurait été rejetée .
fear about this may be one reason why president bush refused to meet prime minister orban recently , and there are frequent suggestions that , had orban spoken as he now does before hungary joined nato , his country &apos;s application would have been rejected .
this fear can be one of the reasons why president bush refused to meet prime minister orban recently , and it is frequently a question that if orban had been expressed as it was now before hungary &apos;s entry into nato , the application of his country would have been rejected .
one of the reasons why president bush refused to meet prime minister orban recently has refused to meet prime minister orban recently , and it is often a question that if orban had been expressed as it did before hungary &apos;s entry into nato , the application of his country would have been rejected .

cette démarche favorise un sentiment de participation , mais comme un ami , versé dans ces questions , me l&apos; a appris , le secret consiste finalement à ignorer tous les commentaires reçus et à rédiger le rapport comme s&apos; il n&apos; existait aucun site web et comme si aucune participation n&apos; avait été recensée .
this promotes a sense of participation , but as a friend , seasoned in such matters , informed me , the key in the end is to ignore all the comments received and to write up the report as if there were no web site and no participation .
as a friend , i have learned , the secrecy is to ignore all the comments received and draw up the report as if there were no website , and if no participation had been recorded in it .
as a friend , i have learned , the secret is finally to ignore all the comments received and draw up the report , as if there were no website , and as a friend who had been involved in these issues , i am aware of the fact that i have heard it , the secret is finally to ignore all the comments received and to draw up the report as if there were no website and as if no participation had been made .

cette inquiétude a été entamée lorsque le parti fidesz de viktor orban perdit les récentes élections parlementaires de hongrie , mais d&apos; autres politiciens ravis de se faire les démagogues des ressentiments nationaux - vaclav klaus à prague , edmund stoiber en allemagne , vladimir meciar en slovaquie - considèrent encore le nationalisme comme un atout électoral malgré la défaite d&apos; orban .
that worry was dented when viktor orban &apos;s fidesz party lost in hungary &apos;s recent parliamentary elections , but other politicians happy to demagogue national resentments - vaclav klaus in prague , edmund stoiber in germany , vladimir meciar in slovakia - still see nationalism as an electoral plus despite orban &apos;s defeat .
this concern was started when the fidesz party of viktor orban said the recent parliamentary elections in hungary , but other pleased politicians to be demagoguled by the demagoguery of national resks - in prague , edd &apos;ber in germany , mr meciar in slovakia - still considers nationalism as an electoral asset despite the defeat of the ban on orban .
this concern was raised when the fidesz fikorban said the recent parliamentary elections in hungary , but other politicians are delighted to be the demagoguests of the national supplements - a vacantum in prague , edd &apos;iaar in germany , mr stoar , mr meciar in slovakia - still consider nationalism as an electoral asset in spite of the electoral defeat of ban .

etant donnã <unk> les problã <unk> mes plus pressants de l&apos; allemagne ( un dã <unk> clin dã <unk> mographique qui s&apos; accã <unk> lã <unk> re , un marchã <unk> du travail excessivement rã <unk> glementã <unk> et un systã <unk> me fiscal obscur et dã <unk> routant ) , le programme de rã <unk> forme de schrã <unk> der peut sembler beaucoup trop timide , mais les nombreuses diminutions ont ã <unk> tã <unk> perã § ues comme extrã<unk> mement cruelles par la plus importante circonscription ã <unk> lectorale du spd , tout particuliã <unk> rement par les puissants syndicats .
in view of germany &apos;s most pressing problems - an accelerating demographic decline , an overregulated labour market , and a cloudy and confusing tax system - schröder &apos;s reform agenda may look far too timid , but many cuts have been perceived as extremely cruel by the spd &apos;s core constituency , especially the powerful labour unions .
as a result of this , we are talking about the most urgent events in germany ( a dwindwindwindunder wwindwinds , which was a wretched wretched wretched wretched thinking , as a result of the senseless form of droughs , the droughs programme of schder de schder may seem to be too timid , but the many changes have lost the tide of tibetans as a cruel tide of the murderous tide of the tormess of the christian trade in the past .
as a result of the fact that there has been a number of other things that have been mentioned , we need to have a great deal of work in the past , and we must not forget that there has been a great deal of talk about the fact that there has been a lot of things that have been done in the past , we need to have a lot of work that has been done in the past , and that we have not been able to do so much more effectively , but the many of the many policies that have been reduced as the cruelty to protect the cruel protection of the people &apos;s constituency .

