to u<unk> <unk> ale neplatã <unk> .
but this is no longer the case .
however , this will not be the case in the clout .
however , this does not involve the validity of the bill .

jak dále s evropou ?
what next for europe ?
how do we go further with europe ?
how do europe go further with europe ?

nejdříve světový pohár , a nyní tohle !
first the world cup , now this !
first of all , world order , and now this is the !
first of all , the world pockets , and now this is the toy !

v jedné oblasti , totiž globálním oteplování , jsme už ale včasné varování dostali .
but in one area , global warming , we have already received an early warning .
in one area , namely global warming , we have already received early warnings .
in one area , namely global warming , we have already received early warnings .

příbalové letáky tištěné drobným písmem jsou neužitečné ;
package inserts in fine print are useless ;
the symptoms of a minor song are unviable ;
fingerprints of tied small saturday are inalienable ;

zaprvé je tu otázka jeho důsledků pro nízkopříjmové pracující a menší prodejce .
first , there is the matter of its effect on low-wage workers and smaller-scale retailers .
firstly , there is the question of its consequences for low-income workers and smaller sellers .
firstly , there is the question of its consequences for low-income workers and less selling .

krátce , mají strach , že všechny oběti na oltář stability cen přijdou nazmar .
in short , they fear that all of the sacrifices made for price stability will have been in vain .
shortly , they fear that all victims in the altar of price stability will come from the mar .
in short , they fear that all victims on the realm of price stability will come to a mar .

to nejlepší , co by nyní mohli učinit , by bylo odhodit masku strategie a pokračovat v řešení ostatních problémů .
the best that they could do now would be to dump the pretense of a strategy and carry on with the other business .
the best thing that could now be done would be to make the strategy determined and continue to resolve other problems .
the best thing that could now be done would be to determined by the strategy and to continue solving other problems .

schrã <unk> derova reformnã <unk> rã <unk> torika se v minulosti dlouho neshodovala s jeho politikou .
for a long time , schröder &apos;s reformist rhetoric had not been matched by his politics .
in the past , the schrt &apos;s observations were not in agreement with his policy for a long time .
the schrmirrov of the ndeo reform of the nrhetoric did not agree in the past for a long time with his policy .

jenomže neuspěje-li , čekají na koreu tak strašné vyhlídky , že si je nikdo nemůže přát snad ani ve snu .
failure , however , offers such a horrific prospect that no one can possibly hope for it .
however , it is no mistake if they are waiting for korea to be so eager that no one can wish or dream .
however , if they do not succeed , they are waiting for such a terrible prospect that no one can like it or in the dream .

atentát na harírího to značně komplikuje a sýrie se musí připravit na prudkou reakci ze strany usa a francie .
hariri &apos;s assassination makes that far more difficult , and syria must prepare for a strong backlash from the us and france .
harassment on harbour makes this difficult and syria must prepare for a sharp response from the usa and france .
the atomic on harbour is greatly complied with and syria must prepare for a sharp response from the us and france .

přesto se jí nepodařilo uplatnit svou vedoucí roli způsobem , který je zapotřebí k vytvoření nového světového řádu založeného na principech , jako je poctivost .
yet it has failed to exercise the kind of leadership needed to create a new world order based on principles like fairness .
however , it has not managed to apply its leading role in a way that is needed to create a new world order based on principles such as honesty .
yet it has not managed to carry out its leading role in a way that needs to be created by a new world order based on principles such as honesty .

vůbec poprvé v moderních korejských dějinách se během prezidentské kampaně diskutovalo o zásadních otázkách , jimž jižní korea čelí , namísto o stranách a osobnostech .
for the first time in modern korean history , the presidential campaign actually debated the central issues facing the country , rather than focussing on parties and personalities .
for the first time in modern korean history , during the presidential campaign , there has been a debate on the fundamental issues facing south korea , instead of on the parties and persons .
for the first time in modern korean history , the presidential campaign discussed the fundamental issues faced by south korea instead of parties and persons .

je-li to pravda , pak by léky zapříčiněná úmrtí představovala čtvrtou nebo pátou hlavní příčinu úmrtí ( závisí na tom , jaké odhady úmrtnosti použijeme ) .
if true , drug-induced death would qualify as the fourth or fifth leading cause of death ( depending on which mortality estimates are used ) .
if it is true , then the medicine would represent the fourth or fifth main cause of death ( depends on what mortality estimates we use ) .
if that is true , then the medicines caused by the death of the deaths were the fourth or fifth cause of death ( it depends on the estimates of the mortality rate ) .

světová obchodní organizace ( wto ) , jež údajně ctí princip jedna země jeden hlas , ve skutečnosti jedná podle programu sestaveného v zákulisí malou skupinou národů .
the world trade organization ( wto ) , supposedly run on the principle of one country one vote , actually has its agenda selected behind the stage by a small group of nations .
the world trade organisation ( wto ) , which allegedly honour the principle of one country &apos;s voice , is , in fact , a programme compiled in cuba by a small group of nations .
in fact , the world trade organisation ( wto ) , which is supposedly the principle of one country &apos;s vote , is , in fact , the programme compiled by a small group of nations .

značný počet voličů ve střední evropě se označuje za , , pravicové<unk> <unk> , přitom ovsem roky komunistického paternalismu vytlačily politické těžistě regionu značně doleva .
in various surveys , significant segments of central european electorates describe themselves as <<unk>> <<unk>> rightist , &apos; &apos; but years of communist paternalism pushed the region &apos;s political center of gravity firmly to the left .
the large number of voters in central europe is described as , in the right , in the run-up to the years of communist paternalism , the political harbour of the region has been dropped considerably .
the large number of voters in central europe is designated as , the right of the leakage , while in the years of communist paternalism , the political harassment of the region has been significantly too long .

podnikatel , jenž dospěje k tomuto &quot; zjištění &quot; jako první , je schopen zmocnit se jen malé části sociální hodnoty , kterou tato informace přináší , poněvadž ostatní podnikatelé jej začnou okamžitě napodobovat .
the entrepreneur who makes the initial &quot; discovery &quot; can capture only a small part of the social value that this knowledge generates , as other entrepreneurs will quickly emulate him .
the businessman who adds to this &apos; findings &apos; as the first is able to embrace only a small part of the social value that this information brings , because other entrepreneurs will start to form it immediately .
the entrepreneurs who adult to this &apos; observations &apos; , as the first , are able to escape only a small part of the social values that this information brings , because other entrepreneurs will start to form it immediately .

to posiluje pocit spoluúčasti . jak mě ovšem informoval přítel zběhlý v těchto záležitostech , zásadou je nakonec všechny došlé komentáře ignorovat a sepsat zprávu , jako by žádná webová stránka ani spoluúčast neexistovaly .
this promotes a sense of participation , but as a friend , seasoned in such matters , informed me , the key in the end is to ignore all the comments received and to write up the report as if there were no web site and no participation .
this strengthens the feeling of co-participation , but , as the friend of this matter informed me , the principle is finally to ignore all minor comments and to write a report , as if there were no website or complicity .
this strengthens the feeling of co-participation , but , as the friend informed me in these matters , the principle is , in the end , to ignore all the comments and sepa report , as if there were no website or co-participation .

obava z tohoto vývoje je možná důvodem , proč se prezident bush nedávno odmítl setkat s premiérem orbánem . kromě toho se dnes často poukazuje na to , že kdyby orbán mluvil stejně jako nyní ještě před vstupem maďarska do nato , byla by žádost jeho země o vstup do aliance zamítnuta .
fear about this may be one reason why president bush refused to meet prime minister orban recently , and there are frequent suggestions that , had orban spoken as he now does before hungary joined nato , his country &apos;s application would have been rejected .
it is perhaps the reason why president bush recently refused to meet prime minister orbán , and , moreover , he often points out today that if orbán spoke just now before the accession of nato , his country would be rejected by the alliance .
there is perhaps a reason for the reason why president bush has recently rejected the prime minister orbán , and in addition to this today , it is often pointed out that if orbán spoke just like now before hungary &apos;s accession to nato , his request for entry into the alliance would be rejected .

například nato se vyvíjí od aliance z dob studené války , která se zaměřovala výhradně na evropu , na alianci , jež bude dobře přichystána čelit dnešním bezpečnostním rizikům , ať už se projeví kdekoli , třeba v afghánistánu nebo iráku .
nato , for example , is evolving from a cold war alliance focused solely on europe to one suited to meeting today &apos;s security challenges wherever they may arise , such as in afghanistan and possibly iraq .
nato , for example , is developing from the alliance of cold war , which focused solely on europe , on the alliance of coalition , to face today &apos;s security risks , wherever necessary in afghanistan or iraq .
for example , nato is developing from the alliance from the cold war , which focused exclusively on europe , on the alliance that will well face up to today &apos;s security risks , whether wherever they have been shown , in afghanistan or iraq .

při pohledu na nejnalã <unk> havěj<unk> ¡ ã <unk> problã <unk> my německa - zrychlujã <unk> cã <unk> se demografickã <unk> ãºbytek , přeregulovanã <unk> trh prã ¡ ce a zaml<unk> <unk> enou a matoucã <unk> daňovou soustavu - se schrã <unk> derův reformnã <unk> program mů<unk> <unk> e zdã ¡ t a<unk> <unk> přã <unk> li<unk> ¡ nesmělã <unk> , přesto voličskã <unk> jã ¡ dro spd , zejmã <unk> na mocnã <unk> odborovã <unk> svazy , vnã <unk> malo mnohã <unk> <unk> ¡ krty jako krajně necitelnã <unk> .
in view of germany &apos;s most pressing problems - an accelerating demographic decline , an overregulated labour market , and a cloudy and confusing tax system - schröder &apos;s reform agenda may look far too timid , but many cuts have been perceived as extremely cruel by the spd &apos;s core constituency , especially the powerful labour unions .
in view of the fast-track spectre of the enlightened phrases of germany - the spectre of lujclclclone , the spectre of agan agents , the lung of the lung luclone , the spectre of lunchs , the lung philosopher &apos;t father , the ability of the spectre of luagan &apos;t &apos;s ability to reluctant to comparability the vote of the xes of the vote for the vote of the members of the vote , yet the members of the members of the cfr of the cfr of the cdm of the union , the cnd &apos;nders of the cdm .
in view of the famous act of the hassi act , the father of germany , the spells of germany - speedily , the act of the act of demographic act of swept , the overwhelming line of the sentiment of the sentiment market of a fully-fledge , and the vphised act of a venture , and the venture , and the widening of a widhemeta , of a large part of a ventrust , a large part of the sale of a sale of a venture , and a large part of the eusale of the eusale of the emistanders of the emitor , who would have been part of the emitted by the emitted by the emaedan emaedan s.

