nechoďte ve stopách fedu
don &apos;t follow the fed
do not be in the football football footprint .
do not want a football footprint .

léčba daněmi
saved by taxes
treatment of taxes
i have the treatment of the cure .

očekávejme ještě silnější tepání ecb .
expect more ecb-bashing .
let us wait for the ecb to be even stronger .
let us face up to the stronger testing of the ecb .

v sydney dokonce ceny domů ve druhém čtvrtletí poklesly .
in sydney , home prices actually fell in the second quarter .
even the prices of houses in the second quarter have fallen .
even the prices of home in the second quarter have fallen down .

schvalování a používání léčiv vyžaduje pečlivé zvážení žádoucích a nežádoucích důsledků .
drug approval and use requires a careful weighing of desirable and undesirable effects .
the authorisation and use of medicines requires careful consideration of the desired and undesirable consequences .
the approval and use of medicines requires careful consideration of the desired and undesirable consequences .

to platí zejména tam , kde lidská utrpení způsobuje místní konflikt , jak tomu bylo v kosovu .
this is especially true where human suffering is caused by communal conflict , as was the case in kosovo .
this is particularly true where human suffering causes local conflict , as has been the case in kosovo .
this is particularly true where human suffering causes local conflict , as was the case in kosovo .

například ředitel úřadu pro řízení a rozpočet mitch daniels uvedl číslo 60 miliard dolarů .
for example , office of management and budget director mitch daniels put the number at $ 60 billion .
for example , the director-general for governance and the danio budget has mentioned a figure of 60 billion dollars .
for example , the director of the management and budget of mittera danio has given a number of 60 billion dollars .

dnes se jím stává postupimská dohoda z roku 1945 , která odsun německého obyvatelstva posvětila .
today , it appears that the potsdam declarations of 1945 , which sanctioned the mass eviction of german populations , are the new enemy .
today , the gradual impressive agreement of 1945 , condemning the german population , is becoming a reality .
today , it is becoming a gradual agreement from 1945 , which denounced the german population by the german population .

ti , kdo si přáli omezit využívání institutu poroty , se údajně obávali ohrožení státní bezpečnosti v některých případech .
those who wanted to limit the use of juries supposedly feared a risk to state security in some instances .
those who wished to restrict the use of the institute of slaughter have allegedly been threatened by state security in some cases .
those who wished to limit the use of the roadmap were allegedly threatened by state security in some cases .

posouzení , zda ten či onen deficit bere ohled na budoucí generace , závisí na tom , jakým způsobem je vládou nastaven systém zdanění a výdajů .
whether or not deficits treat future generations properly depends on how a government &apos;s systems for taxation and expenditure are designed .
the assessment whether or not the deficit takes into account future generations depends on the way the government is set up a system of taxation and expenditure .
the assessment of whether or the deficit takes account of future generations depends on the way in which the government is set up a system of taxation and expenditure .

demokracie sice některé společné hodnoty rozvíjí , avšak jde o hodnoty nesmírně liberální - jinými slovy , individuální práva trumfují kolektivní povinnosti .
democracy does nurture some common values , but they are overwhelmingly liberal values - in other words , individual rights trump collective obligations .
while democracy is developing some common values , it is extremely liberal - in other words , individual rights are exempt from collective obligations .
although democracy is developing some common values , it is a value of extremely liberal - in other words , individual rights of trusting collective obligations .

po roce 1945 se západní evropa odhodlala k nepříjemné diskusi o dějinách , jež přispěla k francouzsko-německému usmíření .
after 1945 , western europe undertook painful debates about history , and these helped bring about franco-german reconciliation .
after 1945 , western europe has committed itself to an unpleasant debate on history , which has contributed to the franco-german reconciliation .
after 1945 , western europe has committed itself to an unpleasant debate on history , which contributed to french german reconciliation .

je obzvlášť obtížné negativní reakci připsat působení léku , jestliže jde o zdravotní komplikaci , která je u dané věkové skupiny nebo léčených potíží běžná .
it is especially difficult to attribute an adverse reaction to a drug if the medical event is common in the user &apos;s age group or in the condition being treated .
it is particularly difficult to write a negative response to the operation of the medicine if it is a health complication which is common in the age group or the medicine .
it is particularly difficult to write a negative response to the mediation if it is a health complexity that is the case with the age group or the summer difficulties .

vlastně i demokracii jakožto systém , který počítá s účastí všech , lze vnímat jako svého druhu metainstituci , která pomáhá při výběru ze seznamu možných institucionálních uspořádání pro určitou oblast .
in fact , we can think of participatory democracy as a meta-institution that helps select among the &quot; menu &quot; of possible institutional arrangements in each area .
in fact , democracy as a system that counts with the participation of everyone can be seen as its kind of metaphor , which helps to select a list of possible institutional arrangements for a certain area .
in fact , as a system that counts all the participation of all , it can be seen as a kind of metar that helps to choose the list of possible institutional arrangements for a certain area .

soudě podle výsledku schůzky rady guvernérů ecb z minulého měsíce , zdá se , že tato <unk> unce prevence <unk> je v hospodářství eurozóny už na spadnutí .
judging from the outcome of last month &apos;s meeting of the ecb &apos;s governing council , that &quot; ounce of prevention &quot; appears to be right around the corner for the euro-zone economy .
according to the outcome of the council meeting of governor of the ecb last month , this unitary prevention is already in the euro area economy .
judges , according to the outcome of the council meeting of the governor of the ecb last month , it seems that this crackdown of prevention is already in the euro area economy .

jako ombudsman v kosovu , jehož jmenovala organizace spojených národů , mám v posledních pěti letech jedinečnou příležitost sledovat důsledky této doktríny po zásahu nato v bývalé jugoslávii v roce 1999 .
as the united nations-appointed ombudsperson in kosovo for the past five years , i have had the unique opportunity to observe the aftereffects of that doctrine following nato &apos;s intervention in the former yugoslavia in 1999 .
as an ombudsman in kosovo , appointed by the united nations , i have a unique opportunity in the last five years to monitor the consequences of this doctrine following nato &apos;s intervention in the former yugoslavia in 1999 .
as a ombudsman in kosovo , whose appointment of the united nations , i have a unique opportunity in the last five years to monitor the consequences of this doctrine after the intervention of nato in the former yugoslavia in 1999 .

v nedávné anketě , provedené s podporou světové banky mezi firmami se zájmem o uhlíkové peníze , jen jeden z pěti respondentů prohlásil , že má zájem o nákup snížení emisí na období po roce 2012 .
according to a recent world bank-supported survey of companies interested in carbon finance , only one in five respondents declared that they were interested in buying post-2012 emissions reductions .
recently , with the support of the world bank , one of the five respondents has said that it is interested in the purchase of emission reductions for the period after 2012 .
in recent ankeymen , carried out with the support of the world bank between companies with interest in carbon money , only one of five correspondents said that it is interested in purchasing emissions for the period after 2012 .

realizace takové strategie se bude zřejmě zemi od země lišit v závislosti na daných administrativních kapacitách , převažujícím režimu pobídek , pružnosti fiskálního systému , úrovni sofistikovanosti finančního sektoru a celkovém politickoekonomickém pozadí .
implementing such a strategy may differ from country to country , depending on administrative capacity , the prevailing incentive regime , the flexibility of the fiscal system , the degree of sophistication of the financial sector , and the underlying political economy .
the implementation of such a strategy seems to be a country from country to depending on the administrative capacities , the dominant regime of incentives , the flexibility of the fiscal system , the softening level of the financial sector and the overall political background .
the implementation of such a strategy will seem to be a country from the country , depending on the administrative capacity , the dominant regime of incentives , the flexibility of the fiscal system , the level of softening the financial sector and the overall political economic background .

například subsaharská afrika má tisíce mladých válečníků <unk> jen v súdánu jich žije 100 000 <unk> , kteří doufají , že se jim v období míru podaří přeuspořádat své životy , avšak očividně potřebují kvalifikační kurzy , pracovní místa , ale i lékařskou a psychologickou podporu .
for example , sub-saharan africa has thousands of young combatants -- 100,000 in sudan alone -- who hope to reconstruct their lives in peacetime but clearly require skills training and jobs , as well as medical and psychological support .
for example , sub-saharan africa has thousands of young wars only in sudan , there are 100 000 members who hope that they will manage to save their lives during the peace period , but they obviously need qualification courses , jobs , but also medical and psychological support .
for example , sub-saharan africa , for example , has thousands of young warrants in sudan , only 100 000 in sudan , who hope that they will be able to combine their lives in peace , but obviously they need qualification courses , jobs , but also medical and psychological support .

měsíce , než budou bankovky a mince eura uvedeny do běžného oběhu , přinesou jen další obavy , jež budou neustále tlačit euro zpět ; -trvání na tom , aby byl v čele evropské centrální banky udržen wim duisenberg .
the months until euro notes and coins are introduced will produce even more scare stories , which are bound to hold the euro back . - an insistence on keeping wim duisenberg as head of the european central bank .
for months before banking and euro coins are listed in the ordinary circulation , only another concern that will constantly be pushing the euro back ; the insistence that the european central bank will be at the forefront of the euro , which will be at the forefront of the wiberg .
there are only other concerns that will continuously be pushed back to the euro for the euro , which will keep the euro back ; i insist that the european central bank should be maintained before the bank and the coast of the euro and the coast berg coast .

v roce 1909 se vrátil do británie , aby pracoval na univerzitě v leedsu a pokračoval ve svém zkoumání podstaty paprsků x . roku 1923 se stal ředitelem královské společnosti v londýně , kam přilákal několik vynikajících mladých vědců zajímajících se o oblast paprsků x . mezi nimi byli i dva čerství absolventi cambridgeské univerzity , william astbury a john desmond bernal , kteří se začali zabývat problematikou stavby bílkovin - astbury poté , co jej bragg požádal , aby pořídil rentgenové snímky vlny a hedvábí .
he became director of the royal institution in london in 1923 , where he attracted some outstanding young scientists interested in the x-ray field . among them were two recent cambridge graduates , william astbury and john desmond bernal , who became interested in the problem of protein structure--astbury as a result of being asked by bragg to provide x-ray diagrams of wool and silk .
in 1909 , britain returned to a university in editorial and continued its examination of the substance of the monument of 1923 , the director of the uk company in london , where a few excellent young scientists who are interested in the area of trawrites were trapped , and there were two pictures of mos abi of the cambridge , william william william , john bush and mid ded dess , who then started to deal with the issue of petrol rockets .
in 1909 , the uk has returned to britain to work in the university in leedededededa and continued to examine the essence of pabuses , 1923 , the director of the uk in london , where several excellent young scientists were attracted on the printing area of printing between them , and two boards of cambodia , bundec wilderness , buche and berg , who were asked to ask him to deal with the bund box , and

