proces odklonu od stávající politiky už začal .
the exit process has begun .
the process of departure from the current policy has already begun .
the process of cloning from the current policy has already begun .

hádejte proč .
guess why .
defend why .
do not defend why .

ale ani zde není jisté , zda tento plán bude fungovat .
nobody can be sure that it will work either .
however , there is also no question of whether this plan will work .
however , there is not certain whether this plan will work .

svět , v němž se všechno mění , potřebuje ochránce toho , co zůstává stejné .
a world where everything changes needs a guardian of what remains the same .
the world in which everything is changing needs the guardian of what remains the same .
the world , in which everything is changing , needs what remains the same .

odpor ecb a evropské komise vůči rychlému přijetí eura kandidátskými zeměmi postrádá pevné základy .
the opposition of the ecb and the commission to rapid euro adoption lacks strong foundations .
the opposition of the ecb and the european commission to the rapid adoption of the euro by the candidate countries lacks solid foundations .
the opposition of the ecb and the european commission to the rapid adoption of the euro with candidate countries lacks firm foundations .

na druhou stranu skupina g7 skutečně významně přispěla nabídkou odpuštění dluhů .
on the other hand , the g-7 made a truly important contribution in offering debt relief .
on the other hand , on the other hand , the g7 group has made a real contribution to the offer of debt departure .
on the other hand , the g7 group has really made a significant contribution to the supply of debts .

na blízkém východě zase všichni čekají , až mezi araby povstane nový anvar sadat .
in the middle east , everyone waits for a new anwar sadat to arise among the arabs .
in the middle east , everyone is waiting once again for a new andrew to be rebel .
in the middle east , everyone is waiting for a new anthem to become a new anthem .

ani osn nemá monopol na legitimitu . ta závisí především na odůvodnění jednání a způsobu , jímž se uskutečňuje .
not even the un has a monopoly on legitimacy , which depends most on an action &apos;s rationale and the manner in which it is undertaken .
neither the un nor has a monopoly on legitimacy ; this depends primarily on the justification of the negotiations and the way in which it is implemented .
neither the un nor the un has a monopoly on legitimacy ; it depends , above all , on the recital and the way it takes place .

ve společnostech , kde se oficiální míra nezaměstnanosti po celé generace drží na 10 % nebo ještě výš , selhal vládní hospodářský management .
societies in which the official unemployment rate stands at 10 % or more for generations are societies in which government economic management has failed .
in companies where the official rate of unemployment across generation is held up to 10 % or even more , government management has failed .
in companies where the official unemployment rate for the whole generation will be at 10 % or even , the government &apos;s government has failed .

z hlavních varšavských ulic zmizela komunistická policie , a přesto se ulice staly vzorem spořádanosti .
communist police disappeared from the main streets of warsaw , yet the streets became models of order .
the communist police disappeared from the main streets of warsaw and yet the streets have become a model of proper anxiety .
from the main warsaw street street , the communist police have disappeared , and yet the street has become a model of pooling .

zvyk evropské unie <unk> zazátkovat &quot; rozpočet by každopádně zabránil explozi finančních nákladů spojených se vstupem turecka .
in any case , the eu &apos;s practice of &quot; capping &quot; its budget would prevent an explosion in the financial costs entailed by turkey &apos;s accession .
in any case , the european union will adopt a &apos; budget &apos; to prevent the explosion of the financial costs associated with turkey &apos;s accession .
in any case , the european union is going to take the back of the &apos; budget would prevent the explosion of the financial costs associated with turkey .

katastrofa byla mezinárodní , a proto bylo na místě , že se vůdčí role při koordinaci odstraňování následků pohromy ujala organizace spojených národů .
the disaster was international , so it was appropriate that the united nations take the lead in coordinating the relief effort .
it was an international disaster , which is why it was appropriate that the leading role in coordinating the consequences of the disaster took place by the united nations .
the disaster was an international disaster , and it was therefore right that the leading role in coordinating the consequences of the united nations was taken by the united nations .

video zajímavě předvádí , jak se prodejny šířily jako okvětní lístky , zahušťovaly se a rozpínaly .
interestingly , the video shows how the stores spread out like petals of a flower , ever thickening and expanding .
the video is an interesting indication of how the sale of sale has spread as an amazon , inflicted and dispelled .
video video is taking an interesting look at the sale of the sale as a livelihoods , shocked and disrupted .

neboť nechávat národy a společenství žít s pocitem opomíjených lidí bez vlastního hlasu je nejen morálním zlem , ale jde o recept na frustraci , vztek a terorismus .
for it is not only morally wrong to leave nations and communities feeling marginalized and without voice ; it is a recipe for frustration , rage , and terrorism .
since the peoples and the community are not allowed to live with the feeling of neglected people without their own voice , it is not only a moral hazard , but it is a recipe for frustration , asbestos and terrorism .
since leaving the peoples and the community to live with a feeling of neglected people without their own voice , it is not just moral , but it is a recipe for frustration , education and terrorism .

když se objevilo nové dítě doprovázené svou oddaně milující matkou , dokázali jsme si pouhým pohledem sdělit , že přicházející dítě bude elé belé .
when a new kid arrived , accompanied by a doting mother , we could convey to one another with a mere glance that the kid would be an elé belé .
when a new child appeared , accompanied by his decoupling tax , we were only able to tell ourselves that a child admitted will be beaten .
when a new child has emerged with its decoupling tax , we have only been able to say that the child will be elled .

v záležitostech obrany a bezpečnosti nabízí bezpečnostní doktrína eu obrovskou příležitost stavět na našich společných obavách z terorismu a proliferace , ale také na potřebě zajistit udržitelný rozvoj ve všech koutech světa .
on defense and security matters , the eu &apos;s security doctrine provides a great opportunity to build on our common worries : terrorism and non-proliferation , but also the need to ensure sustainable development in all quarters of the world .
on the issue of defence and security , the security doctrine of the eu offers an enormous opportunity to build on our common concerns about terrorism and terrorism , but also on the need to ensure sustainable development in all corners of the world .
in defence matters and security , the eu offers security doctrine an enormous opportunity to build on our common concerns on terrorism and human beings , but also on the need to ensure sustainable development in all smokers of the world .

mezi francouzskými a britskými představiteli se přitom rozhořel vzrušený spor , který rozvrátil následný summit , než se británie v červenci ujala šestiměsíčního rotujícího předsednictví eu .
french and british leaders engaged in a heated quarrel that derailed the subsequent summit , before britain assumed the rotating six-month eu presidency in july .
at the same time , the french and british leaders have spoken out with the exciting dispute which returned the subsequent summit before britain took over the six-month rotating presidency of the eu in july .
meanwhile , between the french and british representatives , the exciting dispute , which returned the subsequent summit before britain took the six-month eu presidency in july .

více než 20 % všech firem v tak rozmanitých zemích , jako jsou alžírsko , bangladéš , brazílie , čína , estonsko a zambie , pokládají nedostatečnou kvalifikaci a vzdělání zaměstnanců za významnou či těžkou překážku .
more than 20 % of all firms , in countries as diverse as algeria , bangladesh , brazil , china , estonia , and zambia , rate inadequate skills and education of workers as a major or a severe obstacle .
more than 20 % of all firms in such diverse countries , such as algeria , bangladesh , brazil , china , estonia and zambia , are setting a lack of qualifications and education for workers , or a heavy obstacle .
more than 20 % of all companies in such diverse countries , such as algeria , bangladesh , brazil , estonia , estonia and zambia , provide insufficient qualifications and education for an important or difficult obstacle .

i když se george w . bush za smrt dívek dvakrát omluvil , nepřestávají sílit požadavky , aby došlo k úpravě dohody o statutu síly ( sofa , status of force agreement ) , jíž se řídí právní přístup k americkým jednotkám rozmístěným v jižní koreji .
although president george w. bush apologized twice for the deaths of the girls , demands continue to escalate for changing the status of force agreement ( sofa ) that governs the legal treatment of american troops stationed in south korea .
even though george bush has been apologised twice for the death of girls , there are no requirements for there to be an agreement on the status of force ( sofa , the status of the ufm ) , which is governed by legal access to the us troops deployed in south korea .
even though george blanw was awaiting twice for the death of girls twice , they do not wish to increase the requirements for the agreement on the statute for power ( softis , the status of the east of georgia ) , which is governed by the legal approach to american unity in south korea .

po počátečním zpochybňování existence vědeckých důkazů svědčících o problému teď největší znečišťovatel na světě , spojené státy , jednoduše odmítá cokoliv proti němu dělat ( kromě hlásání dobrovolného omezování <unk> které ovšem není příliš vidět , tedy přinejmenším v americe ne ) .
after first disputing that there was scientific evidence of the problem , the largest polluter in the world , the us , is now simply refusing to do anything about it ( other than preaching voluntary restraint <<unk>> of which there is little evidence , at least in america ) .
however , following the initial question of the existence of scientific evidence , the world &apos;s largest polluter in the world , the united states is simply refusing to do anything against it ( apart from reporting a voluntary restriction , which , however , is not too much to see , at least in america ) .
the most polluter in the world , the united states simply refuses to do anything ( apart from the announcement of voluntary restrictions on the existence of scientific evidence , namely the existence of scientific evidence , the greatest polluter of the world , the united states , which is simply refusing to do anything ( in addition to the announcement of voluntary restrictions , which , of course , is not very much to see , at least in america ) .

ačkoliv sociã ¡ lnã <unk> demokratã <unk> nikdy schrã <unk> dera neměli skutečně v lã ¡ sce ( tedy rozhodně jej nemilujã <unk> tak , jak milovali nezapomenutelnã <unk> ho willyho brandta ) , volky nevolky jej nã ¡ sledovali , neboť ho vnã <unk> mali jako jedinou zã ¡ ruku volebnã <unk> ho ãºspěchu po frustrujã <unk> cã <unk> ch <unk> ¡ estnã ¡ cti letech ( 1982-1998 ) v opozici vůči helmutu kohlovi .
although the social democrats never really liked schröder ( they certainly do not love him in the way they did the unforgettable willy brandt ) , they willy-nilly followed him so long as they saw him as the only guarantor of electoral success after 16 frustrating years ( 1982-1998 ) in opposition to helmut kohl .
in fact , although the socillus phrases never received the phrases of the cndp , the lungs of the apologies of the apologies of schrtmare and the crèches did not really have a record ( it certainly did not love him to forget , as she did not forget the wild wildlydard , the choice of the volcano &apos;ngo ) , because she did not go through the soft sket , because she was the only churches of the election of the election of the cnu , as the only votes , as a member of the cucrècho curian church , as a curian agrèchist of votes in the curian church .
despite the fact that mr ltmannth &apos;s manoeuvre has never been a member of the sentiment of the schrderssa &apos;s act of a truly embashemy in the clone ( that was certainly not a micsb of milros ( i certainly did not welcome it , as they did not forget the reactionary willness of the willly assassination ) , the call for the volcanic ash , because he was hosted in the only part of the election , as a single party , was a subscrippling of a in the 1998 .

