pryč s europaternalismem
down with euro-paternalism
printing with europatere naples
printing with europatera

co chce amerika ?
what does america want ?
what does america want ?
what does the americans want ?

optimisté tvrdí , že technika problém vyřeší .
optimists say that technology will solve the problem .
optimistic claims that technicians will solve the problem .
it is optimistic that techniques say that the techniques will solve the problem .

většina úředníků bohužel stále pohlíží na hodnoty lidských práv přezíravě .
sadly , most bureaucrats still look upon human rights values with disdain .
unfortunately , most officials are still looking at the values of human rights .
unfortunately , most officials are still looking at the values of human rights overwhelming .

v dětském věku bylo ovládnutí krutého umění elé belé velmi důležité .
as a child , mastering the cruel art of elé belé was important .
in the age of childhood , the cruel art has been very important .
in children &apos;s age , the domination of the brutal albeit has been very important .

přesně tak tomu ostatně bylo u dalších postav obviněných v případu jukos .
in fact , this is precisely what happened with other figures accused in the yukos case .
this was exactly the case , after all , with the other situation of the accused in the jukos case .
after all , this was exactly the case with the other situation accused in the jukos case .

ráznost politických útoků na ecb by mohla rozpoutat nebezpečnou diskusi o omezení její nezávislosti .
the sharpness of political attacks on the ecb might trigger dangerous talk about restricting its independence .
the viability of political attacks on the ecb could break a dangerous debate on the restriction of its independence .
the seriousness of the political attacks on the ecb could disrupt a dangerous debate on the restriction of its independence .

fiskální počínání státu by se ale přinejmenším nemělo skrývat v nejasných metodologických poznámkách k rozpočtu .
but at least a country &apos;s fiscal actions should not be hidden in its budgets &apos; obscure methodological footnotes .
however , the fiscal calculation of the state should not , at least , be hidden in unclear methodology on the budget .
however , the fiscal activity of the state should not , at least , be hidden in unclear methodology to the budget .

proto potřebujeme zavést správný systém již od počátku , abychom mohli racionálně zvládat rizika , která se klenou přes několik generací .
what we need is the right system from the beginning , so that we can rationally manage risks that span several generations .
that is why we need to introduce the right system from the start so that we can manage the risks that have arisen over a few generations .
that is why we need to introduce the right system from the outset , so that we can manage rational risks that go through a few generations .

je zvláštní , že debata se rozproudila už nyní , ačkoli vlastně není jisté , bude-li nmd vůbec zprovozněn .
amazingly , debate is heating up even though it is uncertain that nmd will work .
it is strange that the debate has now broken down , although it is not actually certain if the nd is at all provoked .
it is strange that the debate has been broken up now , even though it is not actually certain if the nd is being provoked at all .

takový krok je sice vyloučen <unk> vyžadoval by totiž změnu smlouvy o evropské unii <unk> , ale i současný šum je nezdravý .
while such a move is out of the question -- it would require a change in the european treaty -- the noise is unhealthy .
it is such a step , though , to exclude them , would require the treaty to be amended by the european union , but even the current channel is unhealthy .
this step , although it is excluded , would require a change in the treaty on the european union to be amended , but even the current shock is unhealthy .

máme-li pochopit současné podmínky na trhu nemovitostí a rozeznat budoucí cenové trendy , zaslouží si každý z těchto faktorů bližší pozornost .
each factor deserves greater attention if we are to understand current housing market conditions and discern future price trends .
if we are to understand the current conditions in the property market and identify future price trends , each of these factors deserves closer attention .
if we are to understand the current conditions in the unitary market and to distinguish future price trends , each of these factors deserves closer attention .

nastal čas , aby všechny významné mezinárodní organizace i národní vlády přijaly zodpovědnost za nabytí vědeckých a technických znalostí , které budou v jedenadvacátém století potřebovat .
now is the time for every major international agency and national government to assume responsibility for gaining the scientific and technological expertise that they will need in the twenty-first century .
the time has come for all relevant international organisations and national governments to take responsibility for the acquisition of scientific and technical knowledge that will need in the 21st century .
it is time for all the important international organisations and national governments to take responsibility for the admission of scientific and technical knowledge that will need in the 21st century .

jsou obrovským požehnáním pro nízkopříjmové spotřebitele a zčásti kompenzují vlažný růst mezd , jenž mnohé z nich trápí už dvě desítky let .
they are an enormous boon to low-income consumers , partly compensating for the tepid wage growth that many of them have suffered during the past two decades .
they are a huge blessing for low-income consumers and partly compensate for the irrial growth of wages , which many of them have been suffering for two decades .
they are a huge flagship for low-income consumers , and partly compensate for a train increase in wages , which many of them have been worried for two decades .

amerika si nezískala srdce a duše iráčanů ; místo toho obojí ztratila , stejně jako ztratila srdce a duši velké části světa .
america has not won the hearts and minds of those in iraq ; indeed , it has lost them , just as it has lost the hearts and minds of much of the world .
america did not get the heart and soul of the iraqis ; instead , it has lost it , just as it has lost the heart and the soul of a large part of the world .
the americans did not get the heart and the spirit of iraq ; instead they have lost , as they lost their hearts and the spirit of the large part of the world .

v německu je kancléřka angela merkelová v otázce evropy očividně pozitivnější a proreformnější než její předchůdce , avšak svazuje ji velká koalice .
in germany , chancellor angela merkel is obviously more positive on europe and more pro-reform than her predecessor , but she is tied up in a grand coalition .
in germany , chancellor angela merkel is clearly more positive and more reformed than her predecessor , but it is a large coalition .
in germany , chancellor angela merkel is clearly more positive and more reformed than its predecessor in germany , but it is a great coalition .

přesto se latinskoamerické země zatím nepokusily podpořit technologickou revoluci - rozhodně ne s takovým soustředěním , obratností , oddaností a finančními prostředky , s jakými to učinily asijské země .
still , latin american countries have not yet tried to foster a technological revolution , certainly not with the focus , skill , commitment , and financing that asian countries have shown .
nevertheless , latin american countries have not yet tried to support the technological revolution - certainly not with such concentration , returns , tax and financial resources as the asian countries have done .
yet latin american countries have not yet tried to support the technological revolution - certainly not with such concentration , turbulence , taxes and financial resources , such as the asian countries .

často se zapomíná , že se americký ministr obrany donald rumsfeld vrátil z příjemného důchodu , aby reorganizoval americkou armádu v menší a agilnější sílu , která bude využívat některé z těchto postřehů .
it is often forgotten that us defense secretary donald rumsfeld emerged from a comfortable retirement to reorganize the american military into a smaller , more agile force , using some of these same insights .
it is often forgotten that the american defence minister , mr donald rumsz , has returned from a pleasant pension to reorganise the us army in a smaller and more aggravating force to use some of these observations .
it is often forgotten that the us defence minister , donald russa , has returned from a recipient pension to organise the american army in less and more aggravated power , which will be used by some of these observations .

v usa k této debatě dosud nedošlo , navzdory mlhavým pokusům v počátcích první clintonovy administrativy ; stěží započala s <unk> třetí cestou &quot; tonyho blaira v británii a s její obměnou z dílny gerharda schrödera v německu .
this debate has not happened in the us , despite vague attempts at the beginning of the first clinton administration ; it has barely begun with tony blair &apos;s &quot; third way &quot; in the uk , or with gerhard schröder &apos;s variant in germany .
in the us , this debate has not yet happened , despite the vague attempts at the beginning of the first clinton administration ; it has hardly started with the third path of the &apos; tony blair in britain and its measurements from the niger schröder in germany .
there has not yet been a debate in the usa , despite the silent attempts at the beginning of the first clinton administration ; it has hardly started with the third path of &apos; tonyblair &apos; in britain , and its currency from gerharrd schröröder and in germany .

protože však vláda neomezila jiné výdaje a nezvýšila daně , byly tyto výdaje financovány dluhem , jehož úrokové zatížení zvýší rozpočtové náklady o dalších 98 ( konzervativní odhad ) až 385 ( umírněný odhad ) miliard dolarů .
arguably , since the government has not reined in other expenditures or increased taxes , the expenditures have been debt financed , and the interest costs on this debt add another $ 98 billion ( conservative ) to $ 385 billion ( moderate ) to the budgetary costs .
however , because the government did not restrict other expenditure and has not calculated taxes , these expenditure has been financed by debt , which will increase the budget costs of another 98 ( conservative estimate ) to 385 ( moderate ) .
however , because the government has not limited other expenditure and has not reduced taxes , these expenditure has been financed by debt , whose interest burden will increase the budget costs of the next 98 ( conservative estimate ) to 385 ( moderate ) ) of billions of dollars ) .

američané sice tvrdí , že nmd není namířen proti nikomu , že usa jen chtějí chránit své občany proti zemím , jako je irák nebo severní korea , ale téměř celý zbytek světa si myslí něco jiného : rusko se bojí , že se amerika pokouší navždy upevnit svou vojenskou převahu ( a podřízenost ruska ) , čína má za to , že prostřednictvím nmd spojené státy naznačují tchaj-wanu , že mu pomohou v boji za nezávislost , zatímco evropa si myslí , že americké plány přispívají k napětí s ruskem a že by mohly spojené státy odloučit od evropy .
while americans claim that nmd is not directed against anyone , that all the us wants is to protect its citizens against states like iraq or north korea , almost everyone else thinks differently : russians fear that america wants to cement its military superiority ( and russia &apos;s inferiority ) forever ; the chinese are concerned that nmd signals american readiness to help taiwan remain independent ; europeans worry that america &apos;s plans invite tensions with russia and may separate the us from europe .
while the americans claim that the us is not against anyone who only wants to protect its citizens against countries such as iraq or north korea , almost the rest of the world thinks : russia is always trying to consolidate its military domination ( and china ) , through the united states , to help taiwan , but almost all the rest of the world is thinking : russia is afraid that america is always trying to consolidate its military domination ( russia ) and china has a military power ( and china ) , it is responsible for it is to help the united states of taiwan that it will help the united states to fight taiwan and europe to fight for its independence .
while the us is saying that the nd is not against anyone who want to protect its citizens , such as iraq or north korea , but almost the rest of the world : russia is struggling that the americans are trying to consolidate their military basin and russia ( china ) , that the united states of china , the united states , who wants to protect its citizens , such as iraq or north korea , but almost the rest of the world , is looking for something else : russia is fighting : it is that america is always trying to consolidate its military department by the united states ( russia ) , that the united states of china is committed to the united states , that they think that the united states of europe &apos;s independence and the united states of russia &apos;s independence and the united states , the united states , the united states , that the united states , the united states of america and the united states , the united states , that of the united states , that of europe &apos;s independence of america and

