vezměme si třeba chudobu v africe .
consider poverty in africa .
let us take poverty in africa .
take poverty in africa .

skutečná rizika deficitů
the real risks of deficits
real risks of deficits
the real risk of real deficits of the deficits

znamená to vsak , že jde o problém politický .
what it does mean is that the problem is political .
this means that it is a political problem .
this means that this is a political problem .

důvěru zde lze vybudovat jen prostřednictvím přístupu , který spojené státy k číně zaujaly .
here confidence can only be built through the approach taken by the us to china .
trust can only be built here through an approach taken by the united states to china .
confidence here can only be built through the approach that the united states has taken to china .

když však inflace podlehla , nezaměstnanost neopadla <unk> nebo alespoň ne o mnoho .
but after inflation succumbed , unemployment did not fall -- or not by much .
however , when inflation has fallen , unemployment has not gone down , or at least not much .
however , when inflation has grown , unemployment has not been included or at least not much .

obvykle obezřetné vlády dnes zaujímají postoj , jako by tato budoucnost byla za rohem .
normally cautious governments are positioning themselves now as if the future were around the corner .
usually prudent governments today take a position , as if this future were a roma .
normally , the prudent governments are taking a position today , as if this future was a roadmap .

tyto sektory jsou sice technologicky vyspělé , ale představují jen úzkou základnu pro dlouhodobý rozvoj .
these sectors are technologically sophisticated , but form a narrow base for long-term development .
these sectors are technically advanced , but they represent a close base for long-term development .
these sectors are technically developed , but they represent only a close basis for long-term development .

i za takové situace by ale bylo pravdou , že oproti silové politice válka mohla být nerozumným řešením .
even in those circumstances , war might well have been unwise compared to a policy of containment .
it would also be true , however , that the war could be an unreasonable solution compared to a strong war policy .
however , in such a situation , it would be true that , compared with a strong war policy , it could be an unreasonable solution .

nějaký politik možná v budoucnu znovu prosadí myslenku , že pokud inflace stimuluje ekonomiku , je pro ni prospěsná .
some future politicians may succeed again in planting the idea that inflation , being stimulative , is good for the economy .
perhaps some policies will again be enforced in the future , that if inflation stimulates the economy , it is beneficial to it .
some policies may , in future , resume that , if inflation stimulates the economy , it is beneficial to it .

žádný srbský představitel nepřistoupí na nezávislost kosova , poněvadž nacionalismus je i nadále převládající politickou silou v zemi .
no serbian leader will agree to kosovo &apos;s independence , because nationalism remains the dominant political force in the country .
no serbian representative will accept kosovo &apos;s independence , because nationalism remains a dominant political force in the country .
no serbian representative will accede to the independence of kosovo , because nationalism continues to be dominated by a political force in the country .

jedním z určujících rysů posledních desetiletí je prudké zvýšení produktivity v oblasti služeb v usa ; v evropě se nic takového nestalo .
one of the defining features of the past decades is the sharp increase in services productivity in the us ; none of that happened in europe .
one of the characteristics of the last decade is the sharp increase in productivity in the us services ; nothing has happened in europe .
one of the determining features of the last decade is the sharp increase in productivity in the us services ; nothing has happened in europe .

přidejme k tomu praktické obtíže spojené s rozbitými silnicemi a nedostatkem osobních i nákladních automobilů a výsledkem je hospodářská izolace .
add the practical difficulties of broken-down roads and few cars and trucks , and economic isolation follows .
let us add to the practical difficulties associated with the dismantling of roads and the lack of personal and costly cars and the result is economic isolation .
let us add to the practical difficulties associated with the beautiful roads and the lack of passenger cars , and the result is economic isolation .

v období mezi 1993-2002 , dle zdrojů mmf , dosahoval hospodářský růst průměrně 2,3 % , zatímco německý průměr byl jen 1,7 % .
in decade from 1993 to 2002 , using imf figures , the eu grew at an average of 2.3 % while germany averaged only 1.7 % growth .
in the period between 1993-2002 , according to the imf , economic growth has reached an average of 2.3 % , while the german average was only 1.7 % .
in the period between 1993-2002 , according to the imf &apos;s resources , economic growth has been excessively 2.3 % , while the german average was only 1.7 % .

nadále se ovšem věřilo , že z rentgenových obrazů je možné nějak získat podrobné informace o struktuře bílkovin , že jde jen o to zjistit jak .
but the faith remained that detailed information about protein structure could be obtained from the x-ray patterns in some way , if only it could be discovered .
however , it has continued to be believed that the rgenic images can be obtained as detailed information on the structure of protein that this is just about how to find it .
however , it continues to be believed that it is possible to obtain detailed information on the protein structure that this is just about finding out how .

zároveň přivedla k žalostnému konci šestiměsíční předsednictví velké británie v evropské radě a potvrdila dlouhodobou pověst británie jako země , která v evropské unii stojí stranou .
it also brought to a sorry close the uk &apos;s six-month presidency of the european council , confirming britain &apos;s long-standing reputation as the odd-man-out in the european union .
at the same time , the six-month presidency of the united kingdom of the european council has brought the long-term reputation of britain as a country which is standing aside in the european union .
at the same time , it has led to the appalling end of the six-month presidency of the united kingdom in the european council and confirmed the long-term reputation of britain as a country that is in the european union .

bernal a dorothy crowfootová ( později hodgkinová ) vytvořili obrazy suchých krystalů s obdobně neuspokojivými výsledky jako astbury .
bernal and dorothy crowfoot ( later hodgkin ) obtained patterns of the dry crystals , as astbury had , and with similarly disappointing results .
bert and dorothy crowd ( later hours of the gkinnos ) have created the images of dry cocktails with similar unsatisfactory results as asthma .
berlin and doctrine crowwski ( later hour ) has created a screening of the suspicions of the stalin , with similar unsatisfactory results as a habitual .

může-li být historie ponaučením , pak je ponaučením zejména v poznání , že ti , u nichž se prokázalo , že mohou být odstaveni na vedlejší kolej , na ni budou odstaveni znovu .
if history matters , it matters most significantly in this : those who have shown that they can be pushed around will be pushed around again .
if history can be a lesson , then it is a lesson , in particular , to learn that those who have proved that they can be sidelined on the sidelines will be re-detained .
if we can learn from history , then it is a lesson to learn , in particular , that those who have shown that they can be paragraphs on the sidelines will be paragraph again .

tvrdohlavost ecb a evropské komise tak nyní bohužel dodává munici populistickým vládám v kandidátských zemích , které spoléhají na zhodnocení měny , aby se mohly vyhnout fiskální disciplíně , již by s sebou zavedení eura neslo .
unfortunately , the stubbornness of the ecb and the european commission is now providing ammunition to populist governments in accession countries that are counting on currency appreciation to escape the fiscal discipline that adopting the euro would imply .
unfortunately , the assertion of the ecb and the european commission is now delivering populist governments in candidate countries , which rely on the assessment of the currency , so that they can avoid fiscal discipline , which would no longer have the euro introduced .
unfortunately , the proof of the ecb &apos;s hunger and the european commission is now delivering the municipalities of populist governments in candidate countries , which rely on the evaluation of the currency , so that they can avoid fiscal discipline , the introduction of the euro would not have been imposed .

zatímco komunistické strany v polsku a maďarsku zažívaly vnitřní liberalizaci , která dovolovala relativně polooficiální zóny aktivit vně komunistické kontroly , československo se po invazi vojsk varsavské smlouvy v roce 1968 stalo strnulým neostalinistickým režimem .
while both the polish and hungarian communist parties experienced internal liberalization that allowed relatively large semi-official zones of activity outside communist control , czechoslovakia after the soviet-led invasion of 1968 became a rigid neo-stalinist regime .
while the communist parties in poland and hungary have experienced internal liberalisation , which has allowed relatively fertiliser zones to be subject to communist control , the czechoslovakia , following the invasion of the warm treaty in 1968 , has become a rigid non-fascist regime .
while the communist parties in poland and hungary have experienced internal liberalisation , which allowed the relatively voluntary zone of communist control activities , the czechoslovakia , following the invasion of the massacre treaty in 1968 , has become a fiercely harsh intimidation regime .

evropská komise předpovídá , že rozpočtový deficit francie dosáhne letos 3,7 % hdp a německý schodek se zvýsí na 3,4 % - obě čísla přitom vysoce překračují maximální hranici tří procent hdp stanovenou paktem stability a růstu pro země eurozóny .
the european commission predicts that the french government deficit will reach 3.7 % of gdp this year , with germany &apos;s widening to 3.4 % --both figures well beyond the deficit cap ( 3 % of gdp ) set by the euro-zone &apos;s stability and growth pact .
the european commission forecasts that the budgetary deficit of france will reach 3.7 % of gdp this year , and the german deficit will increase to 3.4 % - both figures cross the maximum limit of three per cent of gdp by setting a stability and growth pact for the euro area countries .
the european commission foresees that the budget deficit of france will achieve 3.7 % of gdp this year , and the german deficit will increase to 3.4 % - while both are highly exceeding the maximum limit of the three per cent of gdp per cent , set by the stability and growth pact for the euro area countries .

