další balkánské <unk> za minutu dvanáct <unk>
another balkan high noon
the next balkans for 12 minutes
the next balkans for 12 minutes of 12 .

nové staré časy ?
a world restored ?
the new old times ?
the new old old time ?

je její podstatou sdílení hodnot nebo přispívání k nim ?
is it about sharing them or about contributing to them ?
is it the essence of sharing values or contributing to them ?
is it the essence of sharing values or contributing to them ?

za těchto okolností neexistuje jediný rozumný důvod čekat se zvyšováním úrokových sazeb .
in these circumstances , there is no good reason to wait to raise interest rates .
under these circumstances , there is no single reasonable reason to wait for interest rates to be increased .
in these circumstances , there is no reasonable reason to wait for increasing interest rates .

už víc než 20 let tvrdím , že vysoké míry nezaměstnanosti v západní evropě jsou neudržitelné .
for over 20 years i have argued that western europe &apos;s high unemployment rates are unsustainable .
for more than 20 years , i say that the high levels of unemployment in western europe are unsustainable .
for more than 20 years , i am saying that the high levels of unemployment in western europe are unsustainable .

pár dní po referendech se nedokázaly dohodnout na rozpočtu eu na léta 2007-13 .
within days of the votes , they failed to agree on the eu budget for 2007-13 .
a few days after referendums , they failed to agree on the eu budget for 2007-13 .
a few days after the referendums , they were unable to agree on the eu budget for years and 13 .

v příštích letech budou ke zvýšení množství oxidu uhličitého v atmosféře mohutně přispívat rovněž čína a indie .
in future years , china and india also will make massive contributions to increased carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
in the coming years , china and india will also make a significant contribution to increasing carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
in the coming years , there will be a great deal of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , including china and india .

nakonec se z toho vyvinula trojstranná bitva mezi británií , francií a novými členskými státy .
in the event , it turned into a three-way battle between britain , france and the new member states .
in the end , the tripartite battle between britain , france and the new member states has been developed .
finally , there was a tripartite battle between britain , france and the new member states .

rozšířená eu by měla být cestou , jak vyvažovat asymetrický vztah mezi malými zeměmi východní evropy a německem .
an extended eu should represent a means to balance the asymmetrical relationship between eastern europe &apos;s small countries with germany .
the enlarged eu should be the way to balance the asymmetrical relationship between the countries of eastern europe and germany .
the enlarged eu should be the way to balance the metric relationship between the small countries of eastern europe and germany .

vlna nesnášenlivosti , jíž orbán svým manévrem vyvolal , zastavila významnou část regionální spolupráce posledních deseti let .
the ill will orban &apos;s gambit inspired brought to a halt much of the regional cooperation of the last decade .
the wave of intolerance that orbán gave to her manoeuvre has stopped a significant part of regional cooperation over the last 10 years .
the wave of intolerance , which orbán has appeared , has stopped a significant part of the regional cooperation of the last ten years .

po velkých tragédiích v indonésii , ve španělsku a v rusku je dnes navíc terorismus vnímán jako problém všech .
moreover , terrorism is now viewed as a problem for everyone , with major tragedies in indonesia , spain , and russia .
in addition , following a major tragedy in indonesia , spain and russia today , terrorism is seen as a problem of all .
moreover , following the major tragedy in indonesia , spain and russia , terrorism is seen as a problem of all .

je zřejmé , že potřeba mezinárodní intervence v případě krizí mnohdy vyvstává v určitém specifickém časovém období a často je zapotřebí značně rychlé reakce .
clearly , the need for international intervention in crises is often time-specific and a fairly swift response is frequently required .
it is clear that the need for international intervention in the event of a crisis has often arisen in a specific period of time , and there is often a need for a very rapid response .
it is clear that the need for international intervention in the event of a crisis has often arisen in a certain specific period of time , and a rapid response is often needed .

čína , vietnam , indie : všechny tři země porušily snad všechna pravidla neoliberální filozofie , přestože se vydaly na tržně orientovanou cestu .
china , vietnam , india : all three violated virtually every rule in the neoliberal guidebook , even as they moved in a more market-oriented direction .
china , vietnam , india : all three countries have perhaps violated all the rules of neoliberal philosophy , although they have embarked on a market path .
china , china , vietnam , india : all three countries have perhaps violated all the rules of the neoliberal philosophy , even though they have come to a market-oriented path .

naděje , že se jí v letošním roce podaří dosáhnout schválení rozpočtu , jsou nepatrné , a pokud se tento spor brzy nevyřeší , unie nebude mít do roku 2007 provozní rozpočet .
chances that it gets the budget approved this year are slim , and , unless the dispute is resolved soon , the union will not have an operational budget by 2007 .
the hope that this year &apos;s approval will be achieved by the budget is indicative and , if this dispute is not resolved soon , the union will not have a operational budget until 2007 .
the hope that this year will be able to achieve the approval of the budget will be unclear and , if this dispute is not resolved soon , the union will not have an operational budget by 2007 .

demokracie spočívá ve vládnutí prostřednictvím debaty , v přijímání důležitých rozhodnutí po důkladném uvážení , které - alespoň ve velkých zemích - musí být vedeno v parlamentu prostřednictvím volených zástupců .
democracy is government by debate , by taking important decisions after thorough deliberation of the kind that--at least in large countries--must be conducted in a parliament through elected representatives .
democracy lies in government through debate , in adopting important decisions following a thorough reflection , which - at least in large countries - must be conducted by parliament through elected representatives .
democracy is governed by the debate , in adopting important decisions following thorough consideration - at least in large countries - it must be conducted in parliament through elected representatives .

její úkoly v této oblasti byly ratifikovány roku 1948 ve všeobecné deklaraci lidských práv a roku 1975 v helsinské úmluvě , která lidská práva právně nadřadila suverenitě jednotlivých států .
its tasks in this area were affirmed in the 1948 universal declaration of human rights and the 1975 helsinki accords , which give human rights legal supremacy over the sovereignty of individual states .
its tasks in this area have been ratified by 1948 in the universal declaration of human rights and 1975 in the helsinki convention , which legally transcended the sovereignty of individual states .
its tasks in this area have been ratified by 1948 in the universal declaration of human rights and 1975 in the helsinki convention , which was legally suited to the sovereignty of individual states .

mã <unk> nte<unk> mnohem vã <unk> c lne k tradičnã <unk> m sociã ¡ lně demokratickã <unk> m ( či starolabouristickã <unk> m ) hodnotã ¡ m .
müntefering , however , is more attached to traditional social democratic ( or old labour ) values .
the monuments of the seventeen , far too much of the pvc , to the tradition of a tradition of a socially worthwhile attitude in a democratic manner ( or labour world-renowned or labour philosopher ) , will be a worthwhile .
the eu &apos;s teams &apos;s teenemy of a much hectares for the tradition of the embryo of a marrice of a strong vision of a democratim democratically and democratically acquired by the labour line ) the value of a peacem .

bernalovým hlavním vědeckým zájmem byla zpočátku atomová stavba krystalů , kovů a minerálů a později hormonů a sterolů - a také některých aminokyselin , stavebních prvků bílkovin .
bernal &apos;s main scientific interest was initially the atomic structure of crystals , metals , and minerals , then of hormones and sterols--and of some amino acids , the building blocks of proteins .
the main scientific interest was the beginning of the atomic construction of the staliners , metals and mines , and later the hormones and churches - as well as some of the oseed , building elements of protein .
the central scientific interest was at the beginning of the atrocities , coins and mines , and the horrors and stemonks later - and also some ambassadors , the construction elements of protein .

jako důsledek přebytku na běžném účtu a 3-4 % rozdílu v úrokové míře valutové rezervy dosáhly na konci roku 2002 částky 70,3 miliard usd - částky dostačující na pokrytí téměř patnácti měsíců dovozu - oproti pouhým čtyřem miliardám usd v roce 1990 .
as a result of a current-account surplus and an interest-rate differential of 3-4 % , foreign reserves reached $ 70.3 billion by the end of 2002--enough to cover almost 15 months of imports--up from only us $ 4 billion in 1990 .
as a result of the surplus of the ordinary bill and 3-4 % of the difference in the interest rate of valled to the end of 2002 of eur 70.3 billion - the amount sufficient to cover nearly fifteen months of imports - compared to usd four billion in 1990 .
as a result of a surplus surplus of the ordinary accounts and 3-4 % differences in interest rates have reached eur 70.3 billion at the end of 2002 - the sums sufficient to cover almost 15 months of imports - compared to just usd 40 billion in 1990 .

vždyť kdyby politici nemohli vyhrávat volby tím , že budou brát peníze jiným , včetně budoucích generací , jež budou muset část dluhu zaplatit a předat jej dál , museli by se mnohem usilovněji snažit , aby prokázali schopnost zajistit veřejné blaho pro všechny .
after all , if politicians could not win elections by taking money from some-including future generations , which will have to foot a portion of the bill-and giving it to others , they would have to work much harder to display some ability in producing public benefits for all .
after all , if politicians were not able to hold elections by taking money to other generations , including future generations , who will have to pay the debt and hand it further , they would have to make a much harder effort to ensure the public good for all .
if politicians have not always been able to take the elections by taking money to other , including future generations , which will have to pay a share of debt and hand it further , they would have to try much more hard to show that the ability to guarantee public welfare for all .

