evropa se dohodla na jednotné obchodní politice .
europe has agreed to a single trade policy .
europe has agreed on a single trade policy .
europe agreed on a single trade policy .

intervenční syndrom
the intervention syndrome
syndrome &apos;s intervention syndrome
drug intervention syndrome

spotřebitelé platí podstatně méně než v tradičních obchodech .
consumers pay significantly less than at traditional outlets .
consumers are paying significantly less than in traditional shops .
consumers pay considerably less than in traditional shops .

to může být pravda , ovšem toto vyspívání má i svůj háček .
while this may be true , there is a downside to maturity .
this may be true , but this expulsion also has its defence .
this may be true , but this is also a good one .

nové členské země očekávaly , že budou mít ze systému eu po obou těchto liniích značný prospěch .
on both counts , the new member states expected to benefit substantially from the eu system .
the new member states have expected that they will benefit greatly from the eu system in both directions .
the new member states expected they to benefit from the eu system after both of these lines .

skeptické evropské spojence amerika uklidňuje přísliby úzkých konzultací .
<<unk>> tical european allies are being mollified by us assurances of close consultation .
the scepticism of the european allies of america reassures the promises of close consultations .
the scepticism of the european allies of america reassess the promises of close consultations .

všechny tyto závažné otázky o lidských právech odhalují skutečnost , že ruské právní instituce zůstávají nedotvořené .
all of these serious human rights questions expose the fact that russia &apos;s legal institutions remains half-formed .
all these serious human rights issues reveal the fact that russian legal institutions remain unformed .
all these serious human rights issues reveal the fact that the russian legal institutions remain unborn .

víme , že přínos základní školy je plně realizován teprve ve chvíli , kdy děti pokračují na škole střední .
we know that the full benefit of primary school is realized only when children go on to secondary school .
we know that the primary school benefits are only fully implemented at a time when children are continuing to school in central .
we know that the benefit of the basic school is fully implemented only at a time when children continue to work on secondary school .

ale i za této situace je politická pravice rozhádaná , což dává mečiarovi prostor , aby se vrátil .
even in this situation the political right has been quarrelsome , creating space for meciar &apos;s possible return to power .
however , even in this situation , the political right is unleashed , which gives the mete room to return .
but , in this situation , the political right is born , which gives the hotel space to return .

rostou obavy , že by demagogie tohoto ražení by mohla iniciovat sérii populistických volebních vítězství .
the worry now is that such demagoguery may incite a cycle of populist victories .
the fear that demagogy of this race could initiate a series of populist electoral victory .
the concern that demagogic of this race could initiate a series of populist election victory .

ani ve své euforii jsme však nečekali , jak zásadně nový papež změní nejen polsko , ale i celý svět .
but even in our euphoria , we did not expect how much the new pope would change not only poland , but the world .
however , in our euphoria , we did not expect , as a fundamentally new pope will change not only poland , but also the whole world .
however , in our euforii , we did not expect how fundamentally a new pope will change not only poland , but also the whole world .

bush v této věci očividně , , svévolně opustil posádku &quot; ( abychom použili vojenského žargonu ) .
here bush is conspicuously absent without leave ( awol in military jargon ) .
obviously , jerk bush on this matter , arbitrarily abandoned the crew &apos; ( in order to use the military army ) .
obviously , bush on this matter , is clearly , arbitrarily abandoned by the creditor &apos; to use the military arm ) .

jistě , podle šaronova uvažování nemá devět tisíc židovských osadníků žijících mezi 1,2 miliony palestinců v pásmu gazy budoucnost .
certainly , according to sharon &apos;s thinking , there is no future for 9,000 jewish settlers living among 1.2 million palestinians in the gaza strip .
certainly , according to the arrogance of thinking , nine 000 jewish settlers live between 1.2 million palestinians in the gaza strip have no future .
certainly , according to the arrogance and consideration , nine 000 jews of jews living between 1.2 million palestinians in the gaza strip do not have nine 000 jews .

své rozhovory okořeňují jazykovými kvalifikátory , jež omezují důsažnost jejich argumentace : slovy jako <unk> ale <unk> , <unk> avšak <unk> , <unk> ačkoliv <unk> .
they sprinkle their conversations with linguistic qualifiers that limit the reach of their arguments : <<unk>> but , &apos; <<unk>> however , &apos; <<unk>> although . &apos;
their talks around linguistic qualifications , which limit the confidence of their argument : in words , as well as in the long term , but in the course of the vote , they will be a long way from speaking , although they will be in the vote .
their talks around linguistic qualification , which restrict their argument : words such as the act , but they do not act , although they have been included .

to však ještě neznamená , že otázky týkající se zachování života ( nebo způsobu života ) , jako je například obrana , by neměly být předmětem chladné a tvrdé ekonomické analýzy .
but that doesn &apos;t mean that issues involving the preservation of life ( or a way of life ) , like defense , should not be subjected to cool , hard economic analysis .
however , this does not yet mean that issues relating to the preservation of life ( or the way of life ) , such as defence , should not be subject to cold and harsh economic analyses .
however , this does not mean , however , that issues relating to the preservation of life ( or the way of life ) , such as defence , should not be subject to cold and hard economic analyses .

každopádně již sama velikost ekonomik všech kandidátských zemí dohromady je tak zanedbatelná - činí přibližně 6 % hdp rozšířené eu - , že nemůže mít na euro žádný podstatný vliv .
indeed , the combined size of the candidate countries &apos; economies is so small--around 6 % of the enlarged eu &apos;s gdp--that they cannot possibly exert any significant effect on the euro .
in any case , the size of the economies of all candidate countries has already come together is so negligible - around 6 % of the eu &apos;s gdp is widespread - that it cannot have any significant influence on the euro .
in any case , the size of the economies of all candidate countries has been together so neglected - approximately 6 % of eu gdp - that it cannot have a significant impact on the euro .

jeho styl a rétorika budily dojem svěží ( pro koreu ! ) image řadového muže odhodlaného zlikvidovat zkostnatělé sítě korupce a jánabráchismu .
his style and rhetoric projected the fresh ( for korea ! ) image of a common man committed to eliminating the ossified networks of cronyism and corruption .
his style and rhetoric have been given the impression to the world ( for korea ! ) of the image of a man committed to eliminating the colossal network of corruption and the gay pride .
his style and the rhetoric felt the impression of the world ( for korea ) for the image of a ordinary man who is committed to eliminating the colossal network of corruption and jordan .

oproti všem očekáváním si získala morálně výhodné postavení , když nabídla , že se vzdá části své rozpočtové slevy , avšak pouze za předpokladu , že zbytek evropské unie ( tzn. zejména francie ) přistoupí na zásadní reformy zemědělské politiky eu .
against all expectations , it struck a morally advantageous posture by offering to surrender some part of its budget rebate , but only if the rest of the european union ( i.e. france , in particular ) would agree to fundamental reforms of eu farm policy .
compared to all expectations , it has won a moral win-win position when it offered to give up part of its budgetary blindness , but only on the assumption that the rest of the european union ( i.e. france , in particular ) , will make a fundamental reform of the eu &apos;s agricultural policy .
compared to all expectations , it has received a moral asset when it offered that it has given up part of its budgetary redress , but only provided that the rest of the european union ( namely france ) will take a fundamental reform of the eu &apos;s agricultural policy .

horizon jeunes , reproduktivní zdravotnický program zaměřený na městskou mládež , zvýšil v kamerunu povědomí mladých lidí o pohlavním zdraví a úspěšně změnil jejich chování <unk> v terapeutické skupině se vyžadování kondomu ženami zvýšilo z 58 % na 76 % .
in cameroon , horizon jeunes , a reproductive health program that targets urban youth , increased young people &apos;s knowledge of reproductive health and successfully changed their behavior , with condom use among females increasing from 58 % to 76 % in the treatment group .
in the wake of the eujon , the reproductive health programme aimed at young people in cameroon has increased the awareness of young people in cameroon and successfully amended their behaviour in the therapeutic group with the need for women to be increased from 58 % to 76 % .
the euson is lajon jerusalem , the reproductive health programme aimed at the urban youth , increased in cameroon &apos;s awareness of young people &apos;s health and successfully changed their behaviour in the thermal group , with the need to increase women from 58 % to 76 % .

je to příhodný okamžik : zatímco se velká část světové pozornosti upírá na otázky spojené s dodávkami a bezpečností energie , stamiliony lidí v rozvojovém světě i nadále pokládají za neméně důležité <unk> ne-li důležitější <unk> dodávky a bezpečnost sladké vody .
it is an opportune moment : while much of the world &apos;s attention has been fixed on issues of energy supply and security , hundreds of millions of people in the developing world continue to see the supply and security of fresh water as equally , if not more , important .
it is a timely moment : while a large proportion of the world &apos;s attention is being put on the issue of supply and energy security , hundreds of millions of people in the developing world continue to be less important in the absence of more important supplies and security of drinking water .
it is an offensive moment : while a large part of the world &apos;s attention is on issues related to supply and energy security , millions of people in the developing world continue to be less important if they are not more important if the external supply and security of water security is not more important .

