to u<unk> <unk> ale neplatã <unk> .
but this is no longer the case .
however , this will not be the case in the clout .
however , this does not involve the validity of the bill .

původ paktu stability a růstu známe .
we know the origins of the stability and growth pact .
we know the origin of the stability and growth pact .
we know the origin of the stability and growth pact .

současné rozšíření eu může dosáhnout podobných nákladů .
now eu enlargement may be equally costly .
the current enlargement of the eu can achieve similar costs .
the eu &apos;s current enlargement can achieve similar costs .

tato zpráva ne každého potěší .
not everyone is happy with this news .
this report will not be happy with everyone .
this report will not be pleased with everyone .

jak dále s evropou ?
what next for europe ?
how do we go further with europe ?
how do europe go further with europe ?

jiná střední evropa
the other central europe
a different central europe
europe &apos;s other central europe

já obvykle nepíšu o politice , nýbrž o ekonomice .
i normally write about economics , not politics .
i usually do not write about politics , but about the economy .
i usually do not deny about politics , but about the economy .

ale obranná politika je jen jednou složkou mezinárodní politiky .
but defense policy is only one component of foreign policy .
but defence policy is just one component of international policy .
but defence policy is only one element of international policy .

nejdříve světový pohár , a nyní tohle !
first the world cup , now this !
first of all , world order , and now this is the !
first of all , the world pockets , and now this is the toy !

nikoliv , mohou být snad jen pohotovější .
no , but they may be more dexterous .
they may not be more straightforward .
perhaps not , they can only be more conscious .

mládež zároveň představuje polovinu všech nových případů hiv .
young people account for half of all new hiv infections .
at the same time , youth represents half of all new hiv cases .
at the same time , youth youth at the same time represents half of all new hiv cases .

latinská amerika se může pochlubit i dalšími dlouhodobými výhodami .
latin america boasts still other long-term advantages .
latin america can also boast other long-term benefits .
latin america can also be reluctant to other long-term benefits .

v jedné oblasti , totiž globálním oteplování , jsme už ale včasné varování dostali .
but in one area , global warming , we have already received an early warning .
in one area , namely global warming , we have already received early warnings .
in one area , namely global warming , we have already received early warnings .

v důsledku toho jsou stále náchylnější ke špatnému zdravotnímu stavu .
as a result , they are increasingly vulnerable to poor health .
as a result , there is an ever-increasing health situation .
as a result , more and more reluctant to poor health .

soumrak kanclã <unk> řovy kariã <unk> ry ?
twilight of the chancellor ?
the writer clclout of the caribbean .
the clclclclings of the caribbean of the caribbean b ?

za druhé by politika měla podporovat mladé lidi v úsilí činit správná rozhodnutí .
second , policies should support young people as they strive to make good decisions .
secondly , the policy should support young people in their efforts to make the right decisions .
secondly , policy should support young people in their efforts to make the right decision .

příbalové letáky tištěné drobným písmem jsou neužitečné ;
package inserts in fine print are useless ;
the symptoms of a minor song are unviable ;
fingerprints of tied small saturday are inalienable ;

jelikož služby tvoří 70 % evropského hdp , potenciální dopad zvýšené konkurence v této oblasti by byl značný .
because services account for 70 % of european gdp , the potential impact from enhanced competition is substantial .
since services account for 70 % of european gdp , the potential increase in competition in this area would be significant .
as services account for 70 % of european gdp , the potential impact of increased competition in this area would be significant .

a kde by mohlo mít euro své dno propadu stále zůstává v oblasti spekulací .
where the euro &apos;s floor might be remains a matter of speculation .
and where the euro could have a drop-out of it still remains in the area of speculation .
and where the euro could have a deduction still remains in the area of speculation .

základem investiční strategie je vzbudit v domácích podnikatelích zájem o svou domácí ekonomiku .
the key to investment strategy is to get domestic entrepreneurs excited about the home economy .
the basis for the investment strategy is to build an interest in domestic business in its domestic economy .
the basis of the investment strategy is to build in domestic business interest in its domestic economy .

zaprvé je tu otázka jeho důsledků pro nízkopříjmové pracující a menší prodejce .
first , there is the matter of its effect on low-wage workers and smaller-scale retailers .
firstly , there is the question of its consequences for low-income workers and smaller sellers .
firstly , there is the question of its consequences for low-income workers and less selling .

všichni nenuceně hovořili o institucích , demokratických postupech a respektu k právnímu řádu .
each spoke easily about institutions , democratic procedures , and respect for the rule of law .
everyone has not spoken about institutions , democratic procedures and respect for the rule of law .
all of us have not spoken about institutions , democratic procedures and respect for the rule of law .

neschopnost vypořádat se se strukturálními problémy by v dlouhodobém horizontu mohla vystavit ekonomiku vnějším otřesům .
but failure to address structural problems could expose the economy to external shocks in the long term .
the inability to deal with structural problems in the long term could be exposed to the economy more outrageous .
the failure to deal with structural problems in the long term could be exposed to the economy &apos;s external shocks .

evropa i zbytek světa si to uvědomují , jenže ti nemají hlasovací právo v amerických volbách .
europe and the rest of the world are aware of this ; but they don &apos;t vote in american elections .
europe and the rest of the world realise that they do not have the right to vote in the american elections .
europe and the rest of the world realise that they do not have the voting right in the us elections .

krátce , mají strach , že všechny oběti na oltář stability cen přijdou nazmar .
in short , they fear that all of the sacrifices made for price stability will have been in vain .
shortly , they fear that all victims in the altar of price stability will come from the mar .
in short , they fear that all victims on the realm of price stability will come to a mar .

ozbrojené síly spojených států jsou významným pozadím mnohého , čeho usa na mezinárodní úrovni dosahují .
america &apos;s armed forces are an essential background to much of what the us accomplishes internationally .
the armed forces of the united states are a significant cause of many of what the us is doing at international level .
the armed forces of the united states are an important cause for many of the us to achieve at international level .

je zřejmé , že hlavní zátěž boje proti klimatickým změnám během příštích generací by měly nést bohaté země světa .
clearly , the world &apos;s rich countries should carry the burden of dealing with climate change over the next generations .
it is clear that the main burden of combating climate change during the next generation should be borne by the rich countries of the world .
it is clear that the main burden of combating climate change during the next generation should bear the rich countries of the world .

parlamenty hovoří , než dospějí k nějakému závěru ; odtud se ostatně vzalo i jejich jméno .
parliaments talk before reaching conclusions ; hence their name .
the parliaments speak before they reach a conclusion ; after all , their name has also been taken .
the parliaments speak before they reach a conclusion ; after all , their name has also taken place .

to nejlepší , co by nyní mohli učinit , by bylo odhodit masku strategie a pokračovat v řešení ostatních problémů .
the best that they could do now would be to dump the pretense of a strategy and carry on with the other business .
the best thing that could now be done would be to make the strategy determined and continue to resolve other problems .
the best thing that could now be done would be to determined by the strategy and to continue solving other problems .

mnozí američané stále evropu považují za partnera , s nímž mají ve světě do velké míry společné cíle .
most americans still see in europe a partner with largely the same aims in the world .
many americans still regard europe as a partner with whom they have a great deal of common objectives in the world .
many americans still see europe as a partner with which they have a common goal in the world .

totéž však platí pro jakoukoliv jinou demokracii , kde mohou radikální skupiny snadno zneužít demokratického procesu k vlastním cílům .
but the same is true for any other democracy , where radical groups could well misuse the democratic process for their purposes .
however , the same applies to any other democracy where radical groups can easily abuse the democratic process on their own objectives .
however , the same applies to any other democracy , where radical groups can easily abuse the democratic process for their own objectives .

chystá se maďarský premiér , mladý a zručný viktor orbán , s tímto jevem skoncovat ?
is hungary &apos;s slick young prime minister , viktor orban , poised to end all that ?
does the hungarian prime minister , the young and cancelled orbán , intend to put an end to this phenomenon ?
is the hungarian prime minister , the young and cancelled vienna vienna , with this phenomenon ?

schrã <unk> derova reformnã <unk> rã <unk> torika se v minulosti dlouho neshodovala s jeho politikou .
for a long time , schröder &apos;s reformist rhetoric had not been matched by his politics .
in the past , the schrt &apos;s observations were not in agreement with his policy for a long time .
the schrmirrov of the ndeo reform of the nrhetoric did not agree in the past for a long time with his policy .

valné shromáždění osn by to mělo mít na paměti , až začne kodifikovat doktrínu <unk> zodpovědnosti chránit <unk> .
the un general assembly should keep this in mind as it starts to codify the doctrine of the &quot; responsibility to protect . &quot;
the un general assembly should bear this in mind when it comes to codifying the doctrine of responsibility to protect the months .
the united nations general assembly should bear this in mind when it begins to codify the doctrine &apos;s commitment to protect it .

po pravdě řečeno se srbská vláda již nyní snaží přesvědčit západ , aby své rozhodnutí odložil do poloviny roku 2007 .
in fact , serbia &apos;s government is already trying to persuade the west to postpone a decision until mid-2007 .
in truth , the serbian government is already trying to convince the west to postpone its decision until mid-2007 .
after truth , the serbian government is already trying to persuade the west to postpone its decision by half of 2007 .

tyto problémy vyvolávají tíživé otázky : co brání tomu , aby střední školu navštěvovalo více mladých lidí ?
these problems raise thorny questions : what prevents more young people from attending secondary school ?
these problems raise difficult issues : what is preventing central school from visiting more young people ?
these problems are causing emergency issues : what do they prevent central school from attending more young people ?

jenomže neuspěje-li , čekají na koreu tak strašné vyhlídky , že si je nikdo nemůže přát snad ani ve snu .
failure , however , offers such a horrific prospect that no one can possibly hope for it .
however , it is no mistake if they are waiting for korea to be so eager that no one can wish or dream .
however , if they do not succeed , they are waiting for such a terrible prospect that no one can like it or in the dream .

teď hrozí , že vztahy s novým irákem poškodí podezření , že sýrie podporuje irácké baasistické emigranty .
syria &apos;s suspected support for iraqi baathist exiles threatens to damage relations with the new iraq .
now there is a risk that relations with a new iraq will damage the suspicion that syria supports iraqi asian emigrants .
it is now at risk that relations with the new iraq will damage the suspicion that syria supports the iraqi asian emigrants .

nejde tedy o součet těchto dvou zemí , nýbrž o dohodu mezi nimi , kterou je třeba vnímat jako prototyp vznikající evropy .
so it is not the sum of the two that matters , but the deal between the two , which should be viewed as a prototype of the emerging europe .
it is therefore not a question of complying with these two countries , but of an agreement between them , which must be seen as a type of follow-up to europe .
this is not the case with these two countries , but the agreement between them , which must be seen as a type of emerging europe .

opravdu účinná strategie musí splňovat dva úkoly : podporovat investice v netradičních oblastech a vyřadit projekty a investice , které nefungují .
an effective strategy must accomplish two tasks : encourage investment in non-traditional areas , and weed out projects and investments that fail .
the strategy really needs to fulfil two tasks : to promote investment in non-traditional areas and to export projects and investments that do not work .
indeed , the effective strategy must meet two tasks : promote investment in non-traditional areas and list projects and investments that do not work .

atentát na harírího to značně komplikuje a sýrie se musí připravit na prudkou reakci ze strany usa a francie .
hariri &apos;s assassination makes that far more difficult , and syria must prepare for a strong backlash from the us and france .
harassment on harbour makes this difficult and syria must prepare for a sharp response from the usa and france .
the atomic on harbour is greatly complied with and syria must prepare for a sharp response from the us and france .

téměř týden co týden pan duisenberg udělá nebo řekne něco , co plně demonstruje jeho absolutně nekompetentní úsudek .
almost weekly , mr. duisenberg acts or says something that demonstrates his incompetent judgment .
almost a week ago , mr duisenberg will do a bit or say what he is fully demonstrating is an absolute incompetent judgment .
almost a week , mr duisenberg will do or say something that is fully demonstrated by his incompetent judgment .

levicové strany v různých zemích střední evropy byly v reformách nakonec opravdu úspěsnějsí , protože mají v tomto směru paradoxně větsí legitimitu .
leftist parties in various central european countries , indeed , have often turned out to be more successful in reforming because they , paradoxically , have greater legitimacy in this respect .
the left-wing parties in the various countries of central europe were , in the end , really the successes , because they have paradoxically greater legitimacy in this direction .
the left-wing parties in the various countries of central europe have , in the end , been really the result of the successes , because they have paradoxical legitimacy in this regard .

vojáci osn by však neměli nést důsledky amerického nezdaru při řízení okupace a americké volání po finanční pomoci by mělo zůstat oslyšeno .
un soldiers should not bear the consequence of america &apos;s failure to manage the occupation , so us cries for financial help should fall on deaf ears .
however , the un soldiers should not bear the consequences of the american failure to manage occupation and the american call for financial assistance should be heard .
however , the un soldiers should not bear the consequences of the us failure in the management of occupation and the american call for financial assistance should be heard .

přesto se jí nepodařilo uplatnit svou vedoucí roli způsobem , který je zapotřebí k vytvoření nového světového řádu založeného na principech , jako je poctivost .
yet it has failed to exercise the kind of leadership needed to create a new world order based on principles like fairness .
however , it has not managed to apply its leading role in a way that is needed to create a new world order based on principles such as honesty .
yet it has not managed to carry out its leading role in a way that needs to be created by a new world order based on principles such as honesty .

vlády musí rovněž začít nabízet <unk> druhé šance <unk> mladým lidem , kteří zůstali pozadu vlivem těžkých okolností nebo špatných rozhodnutí .
governments must also begin to offer &quot; second chances &quot; for young people who have fallen behind due to difficult circumstances or poor choices .
the government must also start offering a second chance for young people who have stayed behind heavy circumstances or bad decisions .
governments must also begin to offer a second shop for the slaughter of young people who have remained behind the difficult circumstances or bad decisions .

v případě úvah o takové intervenci je však životně důležité zaměřit diskusi o mezinárodní strategii kromě vojenských faktorů také na rychlé zajištění spojené civilní a bezpečnostní přítomnosti .
however , apart from military factors , where such intervention is being considered , it is of vital importance to focus international policy discussion on the rapid deployment of a linked civilian and security presence .
however , in the case of reflection on such intervention , it is vitally important to focus the debate on an international strategy , apart from military factors , as well as on ensuring a rapid civil and security presence .
however , in the event of a reflection on such intervention , it is vitally important to focus the debate on the international strategy , in addition to military factors , on the rapid security of the civilian and security presence .

autoři při jejich psaní dozajista zkoumali i mladý obor řízení virtuálního podniku : jak udržovat a podporovat buňky s vlastní organizací .
their research surely includes the young science of virtual enterprise management : how to nurture and support self-organizing cells .
the authors of their phrases have certainly tried and tried the young community in managing the virtual enterprise : how to maintain and support buses with their own organisations .
the authors in their phrases have certainly tried and examined the young community management of the virtual business : how to maintain and support buses with their own organisations .

vůbec poprvé v moderních korejských dějinách se během prezidentské kampaně diskutovalo o zásadních otázkách , jimž jižní korea čelí , namísto o stranách a osobnostech .
for the first time in modern korean history , the presidential campaign actually debated the central issues facing the country , rather than focussing on parties and personalities .
for the first time in modern korean history , during the presidential campaign , there has been a debate on the fundamental issues facing south korea , instead of on the parties and persons .
for the first time in modern korean history , the presidential campaign discussed the fundamental issues faced by south korea instead of parties and persons .

přinejmensím se investoři jednoznačně neobávají toho , že by vysoké zadlužení vedlo vlády k podněcování inflace tím , že by tiskly více peněz .
at the very least , investors clearly do not fear that high debt will lead governments to stoke inflation by printing more money .
with investors , they clearly do not fear that the high debt government would lead to the stimulation of inflation by printing more money .
they do not clearly worry the investors that the high debt would lead to the government &apos;s incitement to inflation by spending more money .

dokonce i ve svém oslabeném stavu tak euro připomíná všem evropanům ( a celému světu ) , že evropa je jeden velký integrující se trh .
even in a debilitated state , the euro reminds europeans ( and the world ) that europe is a vast , integrating market .
even in its weakened state of the euro , it reminds all europeans ( and the whole world ) that europe is one big intellectual market .
even in its weakening state , the euro reminds all europeans ( and the whole world ) that europe is one large integrated market .

stejně argumentoval i prezident havel během své první návštěvy německa v lednu 1990 , ale jeho postřehy byly tehdy vnímány jako slabost .
so president vaclav havel courageously argued during his first trip to germany in january 1990 , but his comments were mistaken for weakness .
he also argued during his first visit to germany in january 1990 , but his observations were seen as a weakness at the time .
in the same way , president hahn has also argued during his first visit to germany in january 1990 , but his observations were seen as weakness at the time .

je-li to pravda , pak by léky zapříčiněná úmrtí představovala čtvrtou nebo pátou hlavní příčinu úmrtí ( závisí na tom , jaké odhady úmrtnosti použijeme ) .
if true , drug-induced death would qualify as the fourth or fifth leading cause of death ( depending on which mortality estimates are used ) .
if it is true , then the medicine would represent the fourth or fifth main cause of death ( depends on what mortality estimates we use ) .
if that is true , then the medicines caused by the death of the deaths were the fourth or fifth cause of death ( it depends on the estimates of the mortality rate ) .

francouzi sice snad vynalezli hypermarket <unk> předzvěst halových obchodů <unk> , ale nikdy neměli v úmyslu jejich růstu dovolit , aby se vymkl kontrole .
the french may have invented the hyper mart -- the forerunner of the big-box store -- but they never intended to let their growth go unchecked .
although the french perhaps found the hyperformers of the hallmarks of half-hearted trade , they never intend to allow their growth to escape control .
although the french may perhaps find a hypertinent square of the crackdown of the rockets , but never intends to allow them to be able to get out of control .

tyto průlomové úspěchy roku 1953 se opíraly o kvalitu experimentální fyziky v cambridgi , jejíž počátky sahají do konce 19. století .
the great breakthroughs of 1953 rested on the strength of experimental physics at cambridge , beginning in the late 19th century .
these breakthrough achievements of 1953 have been based on the quality of experimental physical in camgi , which are beginning to the end of the 19th century .
these breakthrough achievements of 1953 were based on the quality of experimental physical physical physical in camgi , the beginning of the 19th century .

tento souboj ještě neskončil , ale po mé intervenci musí brát moskevské úřady v úvahu negativní postoj veřejnosti k jejich snaze o umlčení tohoto periodika .
that fight is not over , but after my intervention , moscow &apos;s authorities must take into account the public &apos;s negative attitude to their effort to quash this publication .
this fight has not yet ended , but after my intervention , the moscow authorities must take into account the negative attitude of the public to their efforts to silence this peripheral methodology .
this fight has not yet ended , but after my intervention , the moscow authorities must take into account the negative attitude of the public to their efforts to silence this peripheral .

světová obchodní organizace ( wto ) , jež údajně ctí princip jedna země jeden hlas , ve skutečnosti jedná podle programu sestaveného v zákulisí malou skupinou národů .
the world trade organization ( wto ) , supposedly run on the principle of one country one vote , actually has its agenda selected behind the stage by a small group of nations .
the world trade organisation ( wto ) , which allegedly honour the principle of one country &apos;s voice , is , in fact , a programme compiled in cuba by a small group of nations .
in fact , the world trade organisation ( wto ) , which is supposedly the principle of one country &apos;s vote , is , in fact , the programme compiled by a small group of nations .

lidé stále více obdivují mezinárodní celebrity a zároveň věří , že slavná světová centra obchodu , technologií a kultury - jejichž jména znají všichni lidé po celém světě - mají jakousi jedinečnou hodnotu .
just as people increasingly admire international celebrities , so they believe that world famous centers of business , technology , and culture - whose names are household words to people everywhere - are uniquely valuable .
the people are increasingly admired by international investment brand , at the same time , believe that the famous world trade centre , technology and culture - the names of which all people all know throughout the world - have a unique value .
the people are increasingly admirable to international multiannual brand , at the same time , believe that the famous world trade centre , technology and culture - whose names all people across the world - have a unique value .

avšak místo aby se sýrie požadavky této fronty zabývala a budovala zdravý bilaterální vztah mezi rovnocennými zeměmi , pokouší se opozici rozštěpit a potvrdit svou nadvládu .
yet rather than address the front &apos;s demands and shape a healthy bilateral relationship between equal countries , syria has sought to divide the opposition and reassert control .
however , instead of looking at the demands of syria and building a healthy bilateral relationship between equal countries , it is trying to dispel and confirm its superior government .
however , instead of dealing with the requirements of syria and building a healthy bilateral relationship between equal countries , it is trying to disappear and confirm its enthusiasm .

předpokládalo se , že svrhne americký dolar z trůnu vedoucí světové měny , anebo , že mu bude přinejmenším vážnou výzvou a tím i celé americké finanční hegemonii .
it was supposed to dethrone the dollar or , at least , challenge american financial hegemony .
it was predicted that the us dollar would overthrow the world &apos;s leading currency , or that it would at least be a serious challenge and , by extension , the entire us financial hegemonia .
it was foreseen that the us dollar from the world leader , or that it will at least be a serious challenge , and thus the entire american financial hegemon ii .

značný počet voličů ve střední evropě se označuje za , , pravicové<unk> <unk> , přitom ovsem roky komunistického paternalismu vytlačily politické těžistě regionu značně doleva .
in various surveys , significant segments of central european electorates describe themselves as <<unk>> <<unk>> rightist , &apos; &apos; but years of communist paternalism pushed the region &apos;s political center of gravity firmly to the left .
the large number of voters in central europe is described as , in the right , in the run-up to the years of communist paternalism , the political harbour of the region has been dropped considerably .
the large number of voters in central europe is designated as , the right of the leakage , while in the years of communist paternalism , the political harassment of the region has been significantly too long .

je na čase , aby se během rozhovorů o tom co dělat , až úmluva v roce 2012 vyprší , začalo přemýšlet , jak angažovat všechny státy , včetně velkých producentů emisí .
now is the time to start thinking about how to engage all nations , including large emitters , in conversations about what to do after the treaty &apos;s expiration in 2012 .
it is time that , during the talks on what to do , when the convention expires in 2012 , it started thinking about how to engage all states , including large emissions producers .
it is time that , during the talks about what to do , when the 2012 convention expires , it started to think how to involve all states , including large producers of emissions .

stručně řečeno : bude-li dnes bohatá část světa skoupá směrem k našim mnohem bohatším potomkům , a chceme-li , aby náš ekonomický svinčík museli řešit oni , měli bychom být štědří k dnešním chudým .
in short , if the world &apos;s rich are stingy today toward our much richer descendants , and if we want to leave our environmental mess to them to deal with , we should be lavish toward the world &apos;s poor .
in short , if today a rich part of the world is moving towards our much richer offspring , and if we want our economy to be dealt with , we should be generous to the poor today .
in short : if a rich part of the world is moving towards our much richer offenders today , and if we want our economic generosity to be dealt with , we should be generous to today &apos;s poor .

navíc v rozporu se sliby svých zastánců finanční liberalizace ve skutečnosti dlouhodobě vyústila v kapitálové toky od kapitálově chudých ke kapitálově bohatým a zároveň zvýšila finanční volatilitu a oslabila ekonomickou aktivitu .
in addition , contrary to the promises of its proponents , financial liberalization has actually resulted in net capital flows from the capital-poor to the capital-rich over the long term , while increasing financial volatility and weakening economic activity .
furthermore , contrary to the promises made by its supporters , the financial liberalisation has in fact resulted in capital flows from capital to capital rich and , at the same time , increased the financial volatility and weakened economic activity .
in addition , contrary to the promises of their supporters of financial liberalisation , it has actually resulted in capital flows from the capital of poor poor to capital rich and , at the same time , increased the financial appeal and weakened economic activity .

podnikatel , jenž dospěje k tomuto &quot; zjištění &quot; jako první , je schopen zmocnit se jen malé části sociální hodnoty , kterou tato informace přináší , poněvadž ostatní podnikatelé jej začnou okamžitě napodobovat .
the entrepreneur who makes the initial &quot; discovery &quot; can capture only a small part of the social value that this knowledge generates , as other entrepreneurs will quickly emulate him .
the businessman who adds to this &apos; findings &apos; as the first is able to embrace only a small part of the social value that this information brings , because other entrepreneurs will start to form it immediately .
the entrepreneurs who adult to this &apos; observations &apos; , as the first , are able to escape only a small part of the social values that this information brings , because other entrepreneurs will start to form it immediately .

dvě pravicové strany opustily jeho vládní koalici , on sám ztratil většinovou podporu uvnitř své strany likud a z vlády odešel i jeho ministr financí benjamin netanjahu .
two right-wing parties have left his ruling coalition , he has lost his majority within his own li<<unk>> party , and his finance minister , binyamin netanyahu , has quit his government .
two right-wing parties have abandoned his government coalition , he himself lost majority support within his party , where he and his minister , benjamin , had also left his minister of finance .
the two right-wing parties abandoned its government coalition , on his own , he lost a majority of support within his party , where he and his prime minister of benjamin beaten was left .

v posledních týdnech jsme byli svědky mohutných demonstrací , z nichž některé hraničily s násilím ; mnozí osadníci deklarovali , že vládní nařízení k evakuaci neuposlechnou .
the last weeks have seen massive demonstrations , some of them verging on violence ; many of the settlers have declared that they will not obey government orders to evacuate .
in recent weeks , we have witnessed massive demonstrations , some of which border with violence ; many settlers have declared that government regulations to evacuate the evacuation .
in recent weeks , we have witnessed major demonstrations , some of which were border with violence ; many eight acids have declared that government regulations to evacute the evacute .

podobně věnovalo mezinárodní společenství v kosovu jen málo času pomoci někdejším bojovníkům , aby se zamysleli nad svou kolektivní zodpovědností za zvěrstva bez ohledu na to , nakolik přímá či nepřímá byla jejich osobní účast na nich .
similarly , in kosovo the international community has devoted little time to helping former combatants contemplate their collective responsibility for atrocities , no matter how direct or indirect their personal involvement .
similarly , the international community in kosovo has devoted little time to helping former fighters to think about their collective responsibility for atrocities , regardless of how many direct or indirect their personal participation in them .
similarly , the international community in kosovo has devoted little time to helping the former fighters to think about their collective responsibility for atrocities , regardless of how much direct or indirect it has their personal participation .

to posiluje pocit spoluúčasti . jak mě ovšem informoval přítel zběhlý v těchto záležitostech , zásadou je nakonec všechny došlé komentáře ignorovat a sepsat zprávu , jako by žádná webová stránka ani spoluúčast neexistovaly .
this promotes a sense of participation , but as a friend , seasoned in such matters , informed me , the key in the end is to ignore all the comments received and to write up the report as if there were no web site and no participation .
this strengthens the feeling of co-participation , but , as the friend of this matter informed me , the principle is finally to ignore all minor comments and to write a report , as if there were no website or complicity .
this strengthens the feeling of co-participation , but , as the friend informed me in these matters , the principle is , in the end , to ignore all the comments and sepa report , as if there were no website or co-participation .

jelikož americké orchestry nemohou počítat s tím , že základní hudební výchovu nezbytnou k zajištění trvalého publika pro vážnou hudbu obstarají školy nebo vláda , některé z nich se o to snaží samy ze soukromých prostředků .
because american orchestras can &apos;t count on schools or government to provide the basic music education necessary to ensure a continuing audience for classical music , some orchestras are doing it themselves with private money .
since the us orchestra cannot count on the fact that the basic music education necessary to ensure a permanent publication for serious music communities or government , some of them are trying to do so themselves from private funds .
since the american orchester cannot count on the basic music to ensure a permanent publication for a serious husbandry , or the government , some of them are trying to do so by private means themselves .

pokud svět nepřeorientuje své hospodářské politiky tak , aby se vypořádaly s negativními dopady ekonomické nerovnosti na růst a mírnění bídy , chudí na jedné a privilegovaní na druhé straně budou nadále žít na různých planetách .
unless the world refocuses economic policies to address the adverse impact of economic inequality on growth and poverty reduction , the poor and the privileged will continue to live worlds apart .
if the world does not continue to orientation its economic policies in such a way as to tackle the negative effects of economic inequalities on growth and on poverty , poverty and privileged privileges , on the one hand , will continue to live on the various planet .
if the world does not overlook its economic policy in order to deal with the negative effects of economic inequalities on growth and poverty , poverty and privileges on one and privileged side , on the other hand , will continue to live on the various planet .

téměř veškerá tvůrčí činnost a řešení problémů se odehrávají v malých firmách a poté jsou <unk> integrovány <unk> megakorporacemi , které mají nákladnou a zranitelnou infrastrukturu a ponechávají si většinu zisku .
nearly all the creativity and problem solving occurs in small companies and is later &quot; integrated &quot; by mega-corporations , which have an expensive and vulnerable infrastructure , and keep most of the profit .
almost all creative activities and solutions to problems are taking place in small businesses , and then they are integrated with megor-shareholders , which have costly and vulnerable infrastructure , leaving most of the profits .
almost all creative activities and solutions to the problems are taking place in small firms , and then they are included in the sale of megornos , which have costly and vulnerable infrastructure , leaving most of the profits .

obava z tohoto vývoje je možná důvodem , proč se prezident bush nedávno odmítl setkat s premiérem orbánem . kromě toho se dnes často poukazuje na to , že kdyby orbán mluvil stejně jako nyní ještě před vstupem maďarska do nato , byla by žádost jeho země o vstup do aliance zamítnuta .
fear about this may be one reason why president bush refused to meet prime minister orban recently , and there are frequent suggestions that , had orban spoken as he now does before hungary joined nato , his country &apos;s application would have been rejected .
it is perhaps the reason why president bush recently refused to meet prime minister orbán , and , moreover , he often points out today that if orbán spoke just now before the accession of nato , his country would be rejected by the alliance .
there is perhaps a reason for the reason why president bush has recently rejected the prime minister orbán , and in addition to this today , it is often pointed out that if orbán spoke just like now before hungary &apos;s accession to nato , his request for entry into the alliance would be rejected .

v květnu 1997 taraporova komise pro převoditelnost kapitálového účtu vytyčila třífázový liberalizační proces , který měl být dokončen do roku 1999 až 2000 , s doprovodným důrazem na fiskální konsolidaci , řízený inflační cíl a silnou finanční soustavu .
in may 1997 , the tarapore committee on capital account convertibility charted a three-stage liberalization process to be completed by 1999-2000 , with an accompanying emphasis on fiscal consolidation , a mandated inflation target , and a strong financial system .
in may 1997 , the commission set out the three-year liberalisation process , which was to be completed until 1999 , with the accompanying emphasis on fiscal consolidation , the dominant inflation target and a strong financial condition .
in may 1997 , the commission for the transfer of capital accounts set out a three-stage liberalisation process , which should be completed until 1999 and 2000 , with a strong emphasis on fiscal consolidation , set up inflation target and a strong financial system .

ačkoliv kjótský protokol představuje jen mírné snížení uhlíkových emisí v průmyslových zemích <unk> mezi lety 2008 a 2012 o 5,2 % oproti úrovni z roku 1990 , přičemž jednotlivé země mají různé cíle <unk> , lze tak skutečně pokročit jak v úsilí o dosažení udržitelnosti rozvoje , tak při ochraně planety .
while the kyoto protocol represents only a modest reduction of carbon emissions in industrialized countries -- 5.2 % between 2008-2012 relative to 1990 levels , with varying targets for individual countries -- real progress can be made in sustaining development efforts and preserving our planet .
although the kyoto protocol represents only a modest reduction in carbon emissions in industrialised countries between 2008 and 2012 by 5.2 % compared to 1990 levels , with various countries with different objectives of the kyoto protocol , it is really possible to move forward both in efforts to achieve sustainability , and in the protection of the planet .
although the kyoto protocol represents only a moderate reduction in carbon emissions in the industrialised countries of 2008 and 2012 , 5.2 % compared to 1990 levels , with individual countries with different objectives , we can really move forward both in the efforts to achieve sustainability and in protecting the planet .

ačkoli tamějsí politikové napravo od středu formálně přijímají tradiční ideologie , jako jsou liberalismus nebo konzervatismus , jejich voliči , pro které je západní politická filozofie cizí , skutečný význam těchto termínů ne vždy dokáží pochopit .
although right-of-center politicians in central european countries formally embrace traditional ideologies , for example , liberalism or conservatism , their electorates , unfamiliar with western political philosophies , do not always understand the real meaning of those terms .
the politicians on wednesday have traditional ideology such as liberalism or conservative , their constituents , for which western political philosophy is a political philosophy , and yet the real importance of these deadlines will not always be understood .
traditional ideology are formally accepted , such as liberalism or conservative , their constituents , for which western political philosophy is the western political philosophy , the real importance of these deadlines will always be understood .

například nato se vyvíjí od aliance z dob studené války , která se zaměřovala výhradně na evropu , na alianci , jež bude dobře přichystána čelit dnešním bezpečnostním rizikům , ať už se projeví kdekoli , třeba v afghánistánu nebo iráku .
nato , for example , is evolving from a cold war alliance focused solely on europe to one suited to meeting today &apos;s security challenges wherever they may arise , such as in afghanistan and possibly iraq .
nato , for example , is developing from the alliance of cold war , which focused solely on europe , on the alliance of coalition , to face today &apos;s security risks , wherever necessary in afghanistan or iraq .
for example , nato is developing from the alliance from the cold war , which focused exclusively on europe , on the alliance that will well face up to today &apos;s security risks , whether wherever they have been shown , in afghanistan or iraq .

pravda , tyto varovné hlasy před nedávnem trochu utichly , když orbánova strana fidesz v maďarských parlamentních volbách neuspěla . avšak mnozí politikové , kteří se nerozpakují využít národnostní nesnášenlivost ke svým demagogickým účelům - václav klaus v česku , edmund stoiber v německu a vladimír mečiar na slovensku - , stále ( a bez ohledu na orbánovu prohru ) vnímají nacionalismus jako volební plus .
that worry was dented when viktor orban &apos;s fidesz party lost in hungary &apos;s recent parliamentary elections , but other politicians happy to demagogue national resentments - vaclav klaus in prague , edmund stoiber in germany , vladimir meciar in slovakia - still see nationalism as an electoral plus despite orban &apos;s defeat .
they did not succeed , but many politicians who do not dare to make use of national intolerance for their magogic purposes - in clav klaus , deputy prime minister of the hungarian parliamentary elections did not succeed .
however , many politicians who do not disappear to take advantage of national intolerance , these equal voices before a few times ago , when the orbán and fias party in the hungarian parliamentary elections did not succeed , but many politicians who do not disappear to use national intolerance to their demagogic purposes - heras in klaus , cław and the peace of miles in slovakia - and they still see the news of the nationalists , such as the nationalism ) .

v letech 1985 až 2005 učinili přehnaně optimističtí kibicové vzmachu desetileté předpovědi , které přeháněly vyhlídky na významné změny k lepšímu jak na finančních trzích ( např. hodnota indexu dow jones industrial average ve výši 36 000 bodů ) , tak i ve světové politice ( např. klid na blízkém východě a dynamický růst v subsaharské africe ) .
between 1985 and 2005 , boomsters made 10-year forecasts that exaggerated the chances of big positive changes in both financial markets ( e.g. , a dow jones industrial average of 36,000 ) and world politics ( e.g. , tranquility in the middle east and dynamic growth in sub-saharan africa ) .
in 1985 , overly optimistic bids of 10 years have been exaggerated , which have argued for significant changes to the financial markets , for example , to the council ( dow of 36 000 points ) , as well as global climate policy ( and climate change ) , in the middle east , for example , in sub-saharan economic and financial markets , for example , which have advocated significant changes to both the value of the financial markets .
in 1985 , last year , the meltdown of the decades of kiev took an overwhelming view of the decades of kiev , as well as the case for decades of the decades of kiev , which presume the prospect of significant changes in the financial markets , such as the value of 36 000 points in the global climate policy ( endocri ) , such as the global climate policy ( and the climate change policy ) , for example , in the middle east africa .

taky není možné hledat viníka . slabost eura totiž vyplývá z následujících faktů : - selhání snahy zavedení eura jedním velkým třeskem , což vedlo k nekonečným debatám a nejistotám , a nikoliv kýžené hospodářské jistotě , která se předpokládala jaksi fait accompli , tedy jako hotová věc .
the euro &apos;s weakness result from : - a failure to introduce the euro in one big bang , which incited endless debates and uncertainties rather than the certainty of a fait accompli .
it is not possible to seek a guilt , because the euro is a failure : the efforts of the euro have led to a major debate , which has led to the endless debate and the uncertain economic assumptions that have not been foreseen as if the fatality is not possible ; that is , the euro is a failure : the introduction of the euro has led a great deal of effort to the euro , which has led to the endless debate and uncertainty and uncertainty , and i am not pretending to the economic assurances that have been assured of the assurances that have been made .
in fact , it is not possible to seek a weakness of the euro : the failure of the euro : the failure of the euro to introduce a great deal , which led to the endless debate , and not to the economic unrest , which was not possible for the rest of the euro .

při pohledu na nejnalã <unk> havěj<unk> ¡ ã <unk> problã <unk> my německa - zrychlujã <unk> cã <unk> se demografickã <unk> ãºbytek , přeregulovanã <unk> trh prã ¡ ce a zaml<unk> <unk> enou a matoucã <unk> daňovou soustavu - se schrã <unk> derův reformnã <unk> program mů<unk> <unk> e zdã ¡ t a<unk> <unk> přã <unk> li<unk> ¡ nesmělã <unk> , přesto voličskã <unk> jã ¡ dro spd , zejmã <unk> na mocnã <unk> odborovã <unk> svazy , vnã <unk> malo mnohã <unk> <unk> ¡ krty jako krajně necitelnã <unk> .
in view of germany &apos;s most pressing problems - an accelerating demographic decline , an overregulated labour market , and a cloudy and confusing tax system - schröder &apos;s reform agenda may look far too timid , but many cuts have been perceived as extremely cruel by the spd &apos;s core constituency , especially the powerful labour unions .
in view of the fast-track spectre of the enlightened phrases of germany - the spectre of lujclclclone , the spectre of agan agents , the lung of the lung luclone , the spectre of lunchs , the lung philosopher &apos;t father , the ability of the spectre of luagan &apos;t &apos;s ability to reluctant to comparability the vote of the xes of the vote for the vote of the members of the vote , yet the members of the members of the cfr of the cfr of the cdm of the union , the cnd &apos;nders of the cdm .
in view of the famous act of the hassi act , the father of germany , the spells of germany - speedily , the act of the act of demographic act of swept , the overwhelming line of the sentiment of the sentiment market of a fully-fledge , and the vphised act of a venture , and the venture , and the widening of a widhemeta , of a large part of a ventrust , a large part of the sale of a sale of a venture , and a large part of the eusale of the eusale of the emistanders of the emitor , who would have been part of the emitted by the emitted by the emaedan emaedan s.

