but this is no longer the case .
don &apos;t follow the fed
the exit process has begun .
down with euro-paternalism
consider poverty in africa .
another balkan high noon
europe has agreed to a single trade policy .
take global warming .
they take their theories too seriously .
but this theory is not convincing .
wall-to-wall wal-mart ?
such efforts are getting discretely underway .
iraq possesses weapons of mass destruction ;
bush and blair made four claims :
commissioners van miert and monti .
the situation is far from hopeless .
not blind faith in technology .
will no other cities benefit ?
blair &apos;s eu disaster
the third claim is hugely contentious .
who is driving deregulation and competition in europe ?
the nature of the independence bestowed is also important .
instead , the rest of the world should just say no .
still , the war would then at least make some sense .
the first claim should be the easiest to verify .
we know the origins of the stability and growth pact .
at a minimum , serbia would campaign strongly against recognition .
what is the western model of democratic development really worth ?
but leaders must be given the chance to govern .
even this limited goal may not be easy to achieve .
but this makes drug safety all the more important .
the scale of these obligations is monumental .
herbert hoover and the stability pact
getting over the irish stew
there is little reason for optimism .
that wins them media acclaim .
experiment is the right word here .
these are obviously knotty questions .
the time has come to get serious :
incomplete knowledge complicates this assessment .
but human rights were another matter entirely .
are french policymakers smarter ?
the ghosts of economics past
will the eu keep faith with turkey ?
central europe &apos;s fractious right
yet the invasion went ahead .
getting latin america unstuck
this is a major mistake .
this is not a partisan issue .
europe , however , is treading water .
now eu enlargement may be equally costly .
the fight for democracy cannot be selective .
what explains this odd behavior ?
is blair a federalist , then ?
but it has to be the right tax .
such an office exists in the united kingdom .
time and again , he questions the scientific evidence .
but the costs don &apos;t stop there .
only then will i be able to express an opinion .
new technologies will provide a key part of the solution .
the second claim will be trickier to prove .
but this will require a shift in the ecb &apos;s attitude .
fortunately , britain has always been an outsider .
what causes this weakness ?
then came the 1990s .
we will never know .
has the boom ended ?
embargo 6 september 2004
partnership is essential here .
is europe stuck ?
just say no to bush
the revolutionary conservative pope
syria &apos;s dangerous liaisons
that tactic may be working .
the evidence falls into two categories .
not everyone is happy with this news .
but most people don &apos;t see things this way .
nor is there a simple explanation of what causes poverty .
the threat could best be eliminated by war .
why has germany performed so badly ?
so , where does this leave us ?
consolidation , however , is not reform .
the same is true across the atlantic .
heavens , no !
justifying humanitarian intervention
taking drug safety seriously
consider the united states .
commission president prodi .
fifty percent !
germany &apos;s five shocks
how can we know ?
but that is unfair .
in the d-mark &apos;s shadow
what can halt this ?
the exceptions prove the rule .
now , this will change .
lessons from the tsunami
politics will still play its role .
in western europe , it did not .
this is far more difficult !
what next for europe ?
saved by taxes
guess why .
what does america want ?
the real risks of deficits
a world restored ?
the intervention syndrome
so no change in policy .
so what can be done ?
europe &apos;s neo-liberal challenge
the virtual enemy
the west versus the rest ?
the true costs of the iraq war
the new baby boomers
the magnitude of the problem is huge .
the unilateral road to peace
but what about china ?
playing at democracy
water for all
is freedom enough ?
no one wants this .
consequences of the iraq war
do democracies need values ?
absolutely not .
nonsense .
the other central europe
expansion is solidarity
more dynamic ?
nor will the emergence of another providential figure come easily .
company tax reform will help - given time .
even their policy blunders turn out right .
germany is the heart of the euro &apos;s weakness .
such institutions can and often do advance us national interests .
indeed , france and germany do not get along naturally .
deficits are back--with a vengeance .
that is enough to shake asset prices worldwide .
we french are opposed to building a &quot; two-speed &quot; europe .
therefore , projects need to be operational at the latest by 2007 .
think of nokia , the mobile phone maker .
the us federal reserve board is , of course , very independent .
electoral success , it appears , fades fast nowadays .
but even this seeming success was morally ambiguous .
so does poor music education in state schools .
in an ideal world , conflicts end by agreements and treaties .
syria may pay a heavy price for that ambiguity .
this approach too often sacrifices long-term essential objectives to short-term concerns .
this is not nostalgia for past glory .
the difficulties in determining cause and effect must be acknowledged .
because he has not thought about the question for one moment .
its disappearance would affect all other arms control agreements .
i normally write about economics , not politics .
the government is still lagging on its domestic economic reforms .
rather , we have to learn to cope with them .
those small operations also lacked a common internal design .
of course , germany &apos;s blues are overdone .
the reduction in tax collection can increase disposable income .
take the 35-hour workweek .
first , inconsistency is no vice .
blair is in favour of europe ; but not this europe .
is european integration animated by respect for another &apos;s values ?
they didn &apos;t want a handout , only a chance to earn income .
others talk of the importance of obeying the <<unk>> <<unk>> rules of the game . &apos; &apos;
the eighteenth brumaire of arnold schwarzenegger
natural resources are plentiful , with vast amounts of fertile land .
the question , of course , is what will happen after the gaza disengagement .
for this , governments must deploy both the carrot and the stick .
indeed , kosovo has become a petri dish for international intervention .
the first concerns the complexity and vulnerability of our world .
the current war in iraq is perhaps the strongest proof of this .
on balance , however , the advantages far outweigh the risks .
now growth in home prices is weakening in some of these cities .
but should we be doing anything else now and in the next decade ?
the second axis of values concerns social justice and the environment .
but it &apos;s easy for politicians to be irresponsible about monetary policy .
yes , to some extent , such is the price of progress .
but defense policy is only one component of foreign policy .
those in the white house today believe in realpolitik .
an independent kosovo must be secured and its minorities protected .
yet the full text of his speech tells it all .
european solidarity cannot and will not survive their neglect .
the same thing , they fear , will happen in europe .
the new chechen authorities seem to welcome this prospect .
more than a billion people around the world today do not .
building and solidifying these institutions , however , takes time .
they don &apos;t believe in loyalty or trust .
west european politicians , for their part , fear the opposite outcome .
but the impact of such events on poor countries is much greater .
who is championing bold economic measures such as enlargement ?
but , as of early december , britain has remained dormant .
it is turkey &apos;s muslim population that creates the strongest emotions .
in the meantime , sharon has paid heavily for his policies .
when private incomes fall , so do public revenues .
preventing the political use of fiscal policy is an impossible task .
the costs appear relatively small .
no single instrument will work everywhere .
yet something is holding latin america back .
taming politicians on both sides of the atlantic
turkish eu membership presents both opportunities and challenges .
so the case for representative government remains strong .
nothing , it seems , is going right .
first the world cup , now this !
expect more ecb-bashing .
nobody can be sure that it will work either .
optimists say that technology will solve the problem .
what it does mean is that the problem is political .
is it about sharing them or about contributing to them ?
consumers pay significantly less than at traditional outlets .
the figures are worse in africa and parts of asia .
so the challenges of survival are enormous .
moreover , the principle of sovereignty itself needs redefinition .
first , we must update our social contract .
is india ready for full currency convertibility ?
i speak not of principles , but of policy .
their self-confidence can be infectious .
poland &apos;s right poses the most difficult case .
today &apos;s employers want highly skilled workers .
no realistic solution exists for kosovo but independence .
two opposite temptations must be resisted .
most europeans see in america a strong friend .
are housing prices a house of cards ?
south korea &apos;s dangerous new dawn
after neoliberalism , what ?
how accurate are your pet pundits ?
developing countries have already invested heavily in children .
today , the situation has changed in three important respects .
no , but they may be more dexterous .
this is a situation that few people in rich countries face .
the current team of leaders has been an enormous disappointment .
immigration should not be a cause for undue concern , either .
state of the art , or art of the state ?
russia &apos;s early &quot; nyet &quot; may not be the last word .
the social agenda and the technology agenda are not independent of each other .
neither democrats nor republicans have an interest in choking off economic activity .
in that case , europe was as much the culprit as america .
even in sport , east europeans have long been integrated with the rest of europe .
if he &apos;s a reformer , few are convinced .
but removing protection is always politically difficult .
can we oppose them with anything but individual rights ?
those weapons pose a grave , immediate threat ;
un inspections were not eliminating that threat ;
in fact , they are probably the commercial model of the future .
is india ready for full convertibility ?
nor is it even a fiscal discipline issue .
income inequality casts a long shadow .
law and order , russian-style
the two events are intimately connected .
i have nothing against big box stores .
referenda are for the most part snapshots .
the world trade organization is a case in point .
of course , monetary policy also has redistributive effects .
young people account for half of all new hiv infections .
under the communist regimes , ideologies became totally instrumental .
even so , the rest of the world is not powerless .
terrorists have been better at capitalizing on models of distributed operation .
what do we owe to our great-great-great-grandchildren ?
we must all become freedom fighters .
it is time to abandon neoliberalism and the washington consensus .
the best way to bring youth to the performing arts is through education .
at home , assad &apos;s regime also finds itself in a bind .
at the same time , money spent on the war could have been spent elsewhere .
but the us must also ensure that existing institutions are adapted to current realities .
what &apos;s true of children and adults is also true of international institutions .
long-term economic progress comes mainly from the invention and spread of improved technologies .
terrorism is a violent version of an &quot; agile virtual enterprise . &quot;
french and dutch voters did not say why they voted against the planned constitution .
assad is now in a consolidation phase , leaving little room for reform .
their priority is paying for immediate problems , and for today &apos;s promised benefits .
when negotiations started six months ago , it was britain &apos;s turn to take over the presidency of the european council .
does this mean that europe and the us have dramatically different visions ?
fear and upward momentum in home prices go together .
no government can thus <<unk>> <<unk>> inflate them away . &apos; &apos;
but such arguments , although valid at times , have their limits .
i blame two unsolved , but solvable , problems .
but europeans must admit that these individuals represent a small minority .
discovering what works in any one country requires experimentation .
latin america boasts still other long-term advantages .
expect him to push on hopelessly .
a single drought can cut growth potential by 10 % over an extended period .
as a consumer , i think big-box stores are great .
a good place to start would be to push for a different attitude on accession countries &apos; adoption of the euro .
of course , when enemies are already attacking , one cannot afford to ask too many questions .
today &apos;s era of globalization emerged with the spread of computers and the internet .
in many countries , however , political parties find it difficult even to contemplate such debates .
this flexibility is needed because of the nature of the challenges that loom on the horizon .
even before the invasion , there was overwhelming evidence that bush was lying .
exchange rate stability is the key anchor when a country &apos;s reform process is underway .
the world - europe in particular - has fascination and admiration for the us .
this will be all but impossible without cooperation with non-governmental human rights organizations in russia .
in fact , there is now no master planner or funder of terrorist activities .
i think that germany would be better off in a decade under more neo-liberal policies .
no one pretends that we can prevent or alter the forces of nature .
in britain and the united states , this monetarist bet turned out well .
a few years ago this would have doomed roh &apos;s candidacy .
such a debate should also involve education - its rules , objectives , and contents .
hence it would be premature for india to open up its capital account immediately .
the second shock was eu integration , including the northern and southern enlargements .
this type of innovative program is relevant for european as well as american orchestras .
having achieved these goals , europe now wants to make a positive contribution to world developments .
however , they are often exaggerated and certainly not insurmountable .
in many ways , 2005 has been europe &apos;s annus horibilis .
but in one area , global warming , we have already received an early warning .
in sydney , home prices actually fell in the second quarter .
a world where everything changes needs a guardian of what remains the same .
sadly , most bureaucrats still look upon human rights values with disdain .
here confidence can only be built through the approach taken by the us to china .
in these circumstances , there is no good reason to wait to raise interest rates .
while this may be true , there is a downside to maturity .
so why do we see this large difference in reality in both america and europe ?
the technique of elé belé also thrives in the adult world .
one of our most pressing tasks today is to prevent the implosion of weak states .
a key point here is that institutional arrangements are , by necessity , country-specific .
since the cold war &apos;s end , america is the world &apos;s sole superpower .
there is also a general reluctance to report unfavorable drug effects .
the president had not made a political decision ; he had bestowed a personal favor .
for these programs to work , however , children must be ready to enter secondary education .
promoting respect for human rights was , after all , the guiding principle behind the un &apos;s establishment .
nor do we attempt to assess whether there were more cost-effective ways of waging the war .
a notable exception was nato &apos;s intervention in kosovo , which was not explicitly sanctioned by the un .
regrettably , there are no indications yet that the problem is recognized in washington as a serious one .
· regulatory agencies need enforcement authority so that stricter rules can be implemented ;
large budget deficits support growth , but inflation evidently is not a problem .
alienated and unemployed youth are a concern everywhere .
unformed laws are directly related to unformed ideas .
the call for more referenda both reflects and fuels this trend .
whatever the case , american policy was not based on evidence .
as a result , they are increasingly vulnerable to poor health .
not surprisingly , the proposal was quickly shelved .
economists like to think of things in terms of prices .
it is time to understand the new , emerging model of conflict .
meanwhile , free-trade negotiations seem to ignore historical trends .
so why does he say he is a passionate pro-european ?
some were frightened , others wept with joy .
with 80 million people , turkey would be one of the largest eu states .
as a rule , such operations were conducted under the security council &apos;s mandate .
much sets us apart : eu enlargement , agriculture , and domestic market issues .
yet monetary policy is not a unique species of economic policymaking .
mexico , too , has begun to mobilize significant technological prowess .
other tropical parasitic diseases imply similarly extraordinary burdens in africa .
only such clarity can allow for a proper end to international actors &apos; engagement .
he sees the market as favoring entrepreneurship over human solidarity .
the west must ignore belgrade &apos;s siren song .
ethiopia and yemen are equally stark examples .
the differences in price for many other consumer goods is even larger .
it is good that john paul ii is among us .
· monitoring of adr &apos;s must be more pro-active .
market-creating institutions ( for property rights and contract enforcement ) ;
brazil has demonstrated the ability to be a technological export power .
countries that import currently subsidized food will be worse off .
this year the discrepancy will likely be larger .
governments promptly obliged with more of the same .
twilight of the chancellor ?
· the drug-safety problem must be seen as a systemic failure .
they are particularly difficult if we see culture as the cement of europe &apos;s future .
but i do have some reservations about the wal-mart model as a blueprint for global growth .
indeed , it is at times like this that the world truly does seem like a global village .
and a key determinant of whether they will have good health or not is access to clean water .
and the budgetary costs are but a fraction of the costs to the economy as a whole .
one of the world economy &apos;s biggest puzzles is latin america &apos;s poor performance .
their young people are therefore better-educated and healthier than previous generations .
but stability is as much a matter of political perceptions as of technical calculations .
adopting this approach does not mean abandoning mainstream economics--far from it .
unless we learn how to respect it , we will all miss the boat .
the characteristics of this new structure have already been studied in a very different context .
this is not the type of volatile monetary policy that europe wants or needs .
this man now styled himself as chairman of a &quot; committee of national reconciliation . &quot;
slow german growth , he maintains , is a sign of natural convergence .
it is easy to dismiss the suggestion that technology can save the day .
but the situation is far different concerning the safety of prescription drugs .
market-stabilizing institutions ( for monetary and fiscal management ) ;
but how much credibility should we attach to the opinions of experts ?
not every threat to america &apos;s national interests can be addressed with military power .
market-legitimizing institutions ( for social protection and insurance ) .
the iraq war &apos;s main consequences will not be on the battlefield .
the fourth claim will be subject to wild propaganda on both sides .
all this comes as a disappointment to old cold war strategists .
second , policies should support young people as they strive to make good decisions .
a conspicuous example already exists in the movie production industry .
indeed , in foreign policymaking , inconsistency is often a virtue .
the most important things in life <<unk>> like life itself <<unk>> are priceless .
twin fears appear to be paralyzing european policymakers .
the european project is a realist &apos;s response to globalization and its challenges .
this period of time would offer both turkey and the union an opportunity to come to terms .
even more troubling is the fact that the euro remains in the doldrums .
overall , however , the inequality gaps are large and , in many cases , growing .
in our globalized age , vast impersonal forces are supposed to determine events .
indeed , there is palpable disdain for syria in washington .
in each country , i presented lists of political prisoners and asked about their fates .
both countries , after all , confront the same opportunities and handicaps .
think about the different effects of interest rates on debtors versus creditors .
such a push could play a major role in jump-starting economic growth .
what is the pope &apos;s message for the postcommunist world he helped create ?
but such considerations appear to be beyond the bush administration &apos;s reckoning .
bush and blair should demonstrate that the un inspection process was failing .
was the war justified in terms of costs and benefits , and was war really the last resort ?
leadership needs time to take and implement unpopular decisions as well as popular ones .
because of its weak economy , turkey would be eligible for substantial eu assistance .
these considerations should guide the choice of what will follow the stability pact in europe .
low lying islands like the maldives will become submerged .
so political turmoil with russia and europe might be calmed .
was this wishful thinking or self-fulfilling prophecy ?
package inserts in fine print are useless ;
drug approval and use requires a careful weighing of desirable and undesirable effects .
the opposition of the ecb and the commission to rapid euro adoption lacks strong foundations .
as a child , mastering the cruel art of elé belé was important .
but after inflation succumbed , unemployment did not fall -- or not by much .
for over 20 years i have argued that western europe &apos;s high unemployment rates are unsustainable .
on both counts , the new member states expected to benefit substantially from the eu system .
it &apos;s possible that bush read those reports , but that they were beyond his comprehension .
if their arguments remain unproved or are disproved , then the war will incite instability .
it is high time that eu institutions address more seriously the challenges and opportunities posed by enlargement .
for now , the bush administration will await the outcome of tests before deciding .
roh &apos;s campaign also took advantage of a rising tide of anti-americanism .
it would be foolish to deny that some of these factors represent serious challenges .
nature , as we have learned from the tsunami , has its own timetable .
the rush to get new drugs to market often leads to inadequate safety documentation .
success in foreign policy , as in carpentry , requires the right tools for the job .
what , then , accounts for the puzzling lack of real growth over the past 25 years ?
but are civil , political , and human rights enough to ensure the strength and survival of democracies ?
china is ten times the size of japan , and japan was not easy to deal with , either .
the problem of youth and access to the performing arts exists on both sides of the atlantic .
why don &apos;t more young people learn how to lower the risk of getting hiv / aids ?
the army and the police have mobilized almost 50,000 troops to carry out evictions .
moreover , the war is extremely wearing on equipment , some of which will have to be replaced .
( of course , bush &apos;s academic credentials were never very impressive . )
indirect criticism of the present is usually a key element in idealized views of the past .
because services account for 70 % of european gdp , the potential impact from enhanced competition is substantial .
the resulting pressure on europe &apos;s performing arts institutions is causing concern at various different levels .
damage is done from the word go while the end of the road remains obscured .
it now appears that lindsey &apos;s numbers were a gross underestimate .
rather , the two countries form a laboratory needed for the internal working of the eu .
the fifth shock was german unification , which is a failure in economic terms .
if they succeed , the rewards for the world &apos;s poor will be immense .
in contrast to the other two psychological causes , speculative contagion has a natural end .
meanwhile , diminishing and aging populations in most of europe will have made immigration a necessity .
it is no use denying that civic participation too often serves only to legitimize a sham .
there &apos;s a chance that it would be perceived as a pointer to this asymmetry .
but cheap prices for the performing arts do not solve the thorny problem of access for youth .
after decades of disempowerment , poles suddenly regained their capacity for self-determination .
wal-mart and its ilk are a central feature of the modern era of globalization .
delegates to the world water forum will have ample opportunity to forge and / or strengthen these partnerships .
by themselves , they merely revealed the urgency of a fundamental reappraisal that has long been necessary .
he also obtained the first x-ray patterns of partially oriented samples of dna .
until now , the president has toed a hard line on iraq , on lebanon , and in domestic affairs .
the australian economist john quiggin has an illuminating discussion on his website (
his first return visit to his native country soon afterwards showed to all the world the new pope &apos;s power .
without such an effort , attempting to improve the situation is like building a house on a sand dune .
principles of democracy , social justice , social solidarity , and the rule of law need to be extended beyond national boundaries .
i confess that i view the heritage of communism with more <<unk>> ticism .
that is why the bush administration &apos;s actions actually strengthen the virtual terrorist enterprise dynamic .
proper and complete documentation of harmful drug effects is difficult .
where the euro &apos;s floor might be remains a matter of speculation .
nor are higher-inflation successes like finland or ireland to blame .
warning signs of impending inflation abound across the euro zone .
the benefits of virtual enterprises stem from their lightness over stability .
in asia , public debate is about technology : how can asia catch up ?
everybody knew that a goal scored by him was not a real goal .
the creation of such a capacity will make the eu a more effective transatlantic partner .
if the arguments for war are not proved , the consequences will be profound .
politicians naturally prefer to hide how wealth is shifted between generations .
the most serious problem of central europe &apos;s political right is a lack of identity .
in practice , however , peer pressure has become peer collusion .
the only way to arrest such fears is through closer and more frequent dialogue .
bush &apos;s position is more than wrong ; it is an embarrassment .
no one predicted this boom , so predicting its end is risky .
reforms that succeed in one setting may perform poorly or fail completely in others .
political and economic reform , when it advances , does so at a glacial pace .
yet many young people are ill prepared for secondary school , and places are scarce .
look at the growing number of prominent citizens of turkish origin in germany .
right now , this entails <<unk>> just saying no &apos; to president bush .
at first , this seemed to be the british government &apos;s chosen tactic .
it could only be a european matter , if the eu were a real federation .
similar advances in wholesaling supply chains account for another 25 % !
structural reform and privatization have slowed , eroding investors &apos; confidence .
whatever america &apos;s motive , it later wisely decided to join the un effort .
increasingly , free expression of opinion does not influence or restrain how government behaves .
the key to investment strategy is to get domestic entrepreneurs excited about the home economy .
a specter is haunting central europe as its countries prepare for eu membership .
primarily , the euro is weak because europe is weak .
beyond fundamental freedoms and economic prosperity , do we have a specific civilization to defend ?
exporters could exchange 30 % of their earnings at the market rate .
from the perspective of outside investors , however , brussels looks liberal and virtuous .
assad must show that his enhanced authority can lead to genuine transformation .
to move forward , developing countries need new water infrastructure and better management .
full convertibility on the current account followed in august 1994 .
never before was there so much opposition to a war before it occurred .
there are now calls for improved tsunami early warning systems .
it is also possible that he did not believe what he read .
so i do not believe that a lasting rift looms .
march 11 is now europe &apos;s version of september 11 in america .
there should be a systematic review of sites that were visited .
the result is that latin america has failed to benefit adequately from the global technological revolutions .
in order for the country to meet the challenges and to continue to grow , it would have to make its labor markets flexible .
the other three are syria &apos;s behavior in iraq , its relations with the us , and the need for domestic reform .
indeed , india is edging toward a truly bold reform : full international convertibility of the rupee .
not to do so would mean to renege on political commitments and to severely damage the eu &apos;s credibility in the world .
issues linked to inequality , the distribution of wealth , and our exploitation of the natural world will become increasingly salient .
of course , the brunt of the costs of injury and death is borne by soldiers and their families .
but what the critics often don &apos;t say is that the same logic applies to the world today .
at the center of this debate is the so-called doctrine of the &quot; responsibility to protect . &quot;
and , in the middle east and north africa region , about a quarter of all young people are unemployed .
first , there is the matter of its effect on low-wage workers and smaller-scale retailers .
this is especially true where human suffering is caused by communal conflict , as was the case in kosovo .
on the other hand , the g-7 made a truly important contribution in offering debt relief .
in fact , this is precisely what happened with other figures accused in the yukos case .
normally cautious governments are positioning themselves now as if the future were around the corner .
within days of the votes , they failed to agree on the eu budget for 2007-13 .
<<unk>> tical european allies are being mollified by us assurances of close consultation .
if they are vindicated , then the war could conceivably bring a safer world .
they did ask one thing : a reduction of tariff barriers and greater access to markets abroad .
first , the world economy does look more chaotic than it did a decade ago .
kosovo is often held up as a test case for the concept of &quot; humanitarian &quot; intervention .
will they be able to feel european , like the poles or the czechs have always felt ?
such growth differences suggest that overall global inequality may not have increased unequivocally .
several other european governments find themselves in a similar state of unpopularity not long after being elected .
it is also feared that islamists may one day turn turkey into a fundamentalist state .
any prediction concerning the boom &apos;s end requires understanding why it occurred in so many places .
if the audience has progressive tastes , private money and innovative programming are entirely compatible .
by running a deficit , a country increases its national debt and imposes burdens on future generations .
in this wider and uncertain context , the need to regulate humanitarian military intervention looms large .
many feel that turkey simply does not fit into a european society based on christian traditions and culture .
the key to successful increased investment in water infrastructure is an equally increased investment in water institutions .
access to education for girls has improved , and some gender gaps have been reduced .
multilateralism is most successful when built on a real convergence of interests and values .
worse still , could the mood in housing markets soon lead prices in downward ?
turkey &apos;s accession to the union would give a powerful answer , one that would be heard with particular clarity in the islamic world .
each spoke easily about institutions , democratic procedures , and respect for the rule of law .
there is no more certain route to economic disaster than to put on historical blinders .
it is not necessary to please 100 % of the voters , only enough to win .
boom and doom pundits are the most reliable over-claimers .
but this does not mean that pensions and other welfare obligations are entirely fixed .
for this reason , independent un experts should assess any evidence that is uncovered .
candidate countries can &apos;t wait to get their share of fat eu subsidies .
but sometimes this desire seems overwhelming in post-modern democracies everywhere .
they have learned the lesson from latin america and asia in the 1990 &apos;s .
because they avoid over-simplification , foxes make fewer mistakes .
this would change if evidence on the four points is mustered .
market-regulating institutions ( for externalities , economies of scale , and information about companies ) ;
german precision instruments and optical equipment , for example , lost their competitive edge when japan entered the game .
its estimate falls so far short because the reported numbers do not even include the full budgetary costs to the government .
we know that iraq at one time possessed chemical and biological weapons , because the us sold them to iraq .
around the world , people worry that political freedom is disappearing in vladimir putin &apos;s russia .
this is why debates about reforming the security council should focus not on changing its composition , but on its mission .
from the american side of the atlantic , all of these rationales seem utterly bizarre .
in some countries , new water infrastructure may mean canals , pumping stations , and levees .
this decision -- crucial to the future of an unstable region -- will test western determination and unity .
the fundamental question is whether full convertibility will encourage higher net inflows or outflows of capital .
but if this is an issue solved over fifty years ago , why is it haunting us now ?
leaders themselves need the nerve to take often precarious parliamentary majorities through the troughs of popularity .
sadly , global warming will likely destroy some of the same countries ravaged by the tsunami .
wouldn &apos;t they be more likely to read pundits with better track records ?
but failure to address structural problems could expose the economy to external shocks in the long term .
khodorkovsky might not be in as much trouble if such precise laws existed .
one of the few good ideas contained in the lisbon strategy was to remove barriers to trade in services .
the ghosts of economics &apos; past return because the lessons of the present are always oversold .
let &apos;s hope that today &apos;s economists also learn the lessons of their unwanted ghosts .
in one country , the president immediately decided to free a man accused of plotting a coup .
there are signs that the syrians are unable to gauge american intentions on other issues as well .
independently generated plots emerged and used ad hoc resources , often within the target country .
american symphonic life is euro-centric in almost every respect except for its funding .
a desirable vision for the future of humanity must appeal to universally shared conceptions of justice and equity .
my office pays maximum attention to chechnya , although this is not easy to do from moscow .
as in other postcommunist countries , the main beneficiary of such a lack of unity has been the democratic left .
no society has yet created a widely trusted method for keeping score on the punditocracy .
by repeating the altered comments , it was hoped , mass opinion would shift in favor of the war .
in today &apos;s world , there is clearly work for two to bring about stability and security , and in promoting common values .
finally , the enlargement process itself is also manifestly a symbol of european social , civic , and cultural unity .
for example , as ombudsman , i was opposed to curtailing the right of russians to jury trials .
as a result of this neglect , a noxious social and political residue pervades today &apos;s kosovo .
a speculative bubble , sustaining itself solely by reaction to price increases , cannot go on forever .
the job can be done , but economic growth requires more than eliciting a temporary boost in investment and entrepreneurship .
a popular yearning for change , not the security situation , is now the overriding concern of ordinary koreans .
china attracted fdi inflows of us $ 52.7 billion in 2002--the largest in the world .
even if it does work , it will be ten to fifteen years , possibly longer , before nmd is operational .
yet after five years of military exertions , strategies based on targeting a united aggressor have only made the situation worse .
he wants to be a part of a political europe ; but only if the other member states follow britain &apos;s model of economic and social reform .
europe and the rest of the world are aware of this ; but they don &apos;t vote in american elections .
indeed , india &apos;s external liquidity position has strengthened dramatically in the past decade .
scores of texts are appearing in the muslim world on jihadi strategic studies .
nor does the administration want to face up to the military &apos;s recruiting and retention problems .
justification , if it exists , rests on the danger saddam &apos;s regime posed .
designing such a growth strategy is both harder and easier than implementing standard neoliberal policies .
of course , there is no simple causal relationship linking poverty and inequality to violence .
the un and other global frameworks may sometimes be best placed to address us foreign policy goals .
more than forty years ago , turkey applied for associate membership of the european economic community .
eclectic foxes are better at curbing their ideological enthusiasms .
yet practical solutions are at hand , because simple and low-cost technologies can address specific problems .
terrorist motivations differ from cell to cell , even from person to person .
the timing of the constitutional referendum appears to be a part of this delaying strategy .
here , said a prominent writer , was &quot; poland &apos;s second baptism . &quot;
likewise , there will be problems establishing ties between serbia and kosovo under any circumstances .
but none of this is apparently enough to force officials to re-examine their priorities .
but there are concerns that , if not fundamentally divisive , are worrying .
the fiscal card is critical in choosing which groups of voters to buy .
the first big city to boom was london , starting around 1996 .
no generation should be forced to accept unnecessary economic risks imposed by another generation .
so should every country adopt a recall procedure to maintain the legitimacy of governments ?
hence the popular belief that democracies , like wine , improve with age .
negotiations with turkey would be lengthy and accession may not occur before 2015 .
continued public opposition to a gradual increase in inflation is not guaranteed .
some see a defender of the poor , others a critic of liberation theology .
in short , they fear that all of the sacrifices made for price stability will have been in vain .
for example , office of management and budget director mitch daniels put the number at $ 60 billion .
in the middle east , everyone waits for a new anwar sadat to arise among the arabs .
the sharpness of political attacks on the ecb might trigger dangerous talk about restricting its independence .
these sectors are technologically sophisticated , but form a narrow base for long-term development .
in future years , china and india also will make massive contributions to increased carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
all of these serious human rights questions expose the fact that russia &apos;s legal institutions remains half-formed .
perhaps the first lesson for western policymakers is that virtual enterprises run on a culture of trust .
the less we expect from a &quot; normal &quot; politician , the more we look for a hero .
for people accustomed to living in a totalitarian state , learn what participation means is not easy .
in lebanon , the syrians have repeatedly misread the bush administration &apos;s intentions .
he sees the failings of liberalism as particularly pernicious in postcommunist countries .
my country , poland , has always had deep cultural ties to other european countries , especially france .
after all , technological advance also requires good governance , market forces , effective universities , and more .
it has succeeded , notably , in exporting airplanes and many consumer durable goods .
i describe the project in detail in my book expert political judgment : how good is it ?
another is to assist countries that have collapsed into violence to begin the slow process of recovery .
but proteins , which contain thousands of atoms , were far too complicated for this to work .
but , in the near term , full capital account convertibility is not in india &apos;s interest .
questions about postwar europe &apos;s juridical order go beyond the former czechoslovakia .
america &apos;s government budget deficit now stands at $ 455 billion , 4.1 % of gdp .
the constant threat of terrorism has made this isolation even more dramatic for the europe &apos;s islamic populations .
indeed , i view one of my tasks as being to facilitate contacts between these groups and the authorities .
the weak fiscal position has in turn undermined investors &apos; confidence , with obvious implications for economic growth .
some eu finance ministers still view the stability pact as the <<unk>> <<unk>> cornerstone &apos; &apos; of emu .
america &apos;s armed forces are an essential background to much of what the us accomplishes internationally .
the kyoto protocol treaty has now entered into force for the 126 nations who have joined it so far .
in that case , a critical step towards healing the world would be their quick departure from office .
only the next days and weeks will tell whether the evacuation proceeds peacefully or not .
certainly , he had never expressed any such sentiment inside the british isles during the previous eight years .
after all , they could take an easy , emissions-intensive path to industrialization and wealth .
asian governments relentlessly act to raise the scientific and technological capacities of their economies .
the european commission submitted a proposal in 2005 -- just as the constitution was being put up for a vote .
both moscow and washington hint at possible deep cuts in their offensive nuclear arsenals .
traditionally , a large majority of the budget has gone either on agriculture or on the development of backward regions .
it is , of course , true that enlargement has fundamentally changed the union and given rise to new problems and policy concerns .
the fed was late in beginning the interest-rate normalization process , and it is now paying a price .
the dismantling of the eu &apos;s internal borders boosted each country &apos;s market size and brought about the predicted economies of scale .
the lack of vigorous growth is all the more bewildering in view of latin america &apos;s many advantages and social successes .
if that happens , it is likely that the serbs of north kosovo would declare their own independence .
but the military pays disability benefits that are markedly lower than the value of lost earnings .
to be sure , the world has seen progress on some fronts in recent decades .
politicians are willing to go to great lengths to please their supporters and win elections .
so german taxpayers will keep paying for subsidies that don &apos;t benefit germans .
my hosts were former communist leaders who were now more or less democratically elected presidents .
in short , the qualities that make foxes more accurate also make them less popular .
armed with the right information and incentives , young people can make better decisions about their health and education .
such programs must be well designed , targeted , and coordinated to give the right incentives to beneficiaries .
economists call these cyclical fiscal boosts <<unk>> <<unk>> automatic stabilizers . &apos; &apos;
the public demands quick answers to complex problems that , unsolved , risk endangering the planet .
clearly , the world &apos;s rich countries should carry the burden of dealing with climate change over the next generations .
normally , countries use their eu presidencies to display their ability to solve problems and move the union forward .
· citizens and government must make drug safety a priority and commit adequate resources to fixing the problems ;
the first shock was intensified globalization , which brought a lot of new low-wage competition .
politicians and policymakers advance their approach to economics as the &quot; one true doctrine . &quot;
it promises to decouple the management of finance from that of production , implying faster innovation and economic growth .
but the loss of aesthetics and community is not easily captured in simple income and price statistics .
rich industrial countries have invested early and heavily in water infrastructure , institutions , and management capacities .
but it is of doubtful benefit to german workers who also would have liked to cooperate with that capital .
should the eu consider the accession criteria as having been fulfilled , it must decide to open negotiations in early 2005 .
northern kosovo , now largely under belgrade &apos;s control , must not be partitioned off in all but name .
unfortunately , europe &apos;s system of direct government financial support is falling victim to europe &apos;s slow economic growth and budget deficits .
in fact , the attacks , while surprising in their method , symbolic character , and scope , changed nothing .
what should matter for the eu is that the policies of any member state are not harmful to other members .
they need figures with whom they can identify , immediately recognize , and , above all , trust .
anyone who thinks we are building a european rival to america has not looked properly at the facts .
anything else is likely to be about as stable as this week &apos;s top ten pop songs .
to be sure , democracy implies limiting the time that the powerful have to exercise their power without challenge .
however , such fiscal expansion would probably disqualify a country from entering the euro any time soon .
that inattention will end soon ; a decision about the province &apos;s fate is looming .
critics of neoliberalism should not oppose mainstream economics--only its misuse .
our task is to find a way to stand together without standing against anybody in particular .
hard times , like the great depression , have been occasions for fundamental changes .
germany &apos;s poor economic performance is not imaginary but a matter of record .
trial and error implies the opportunity to err before we try again .
parliaments talk before reaching conclusions ; hence their name .
nor is full convertibility the key to attracting higher inflows of foreign direct investment ( fdi ) .
likewise , if we are stingy today toward the world &apos;s poor , we should be lavish toward our descendents .
indeed , generational differences were the deciding factor in the race , replacing the regional sentiments that dominated every presidential race before this one .
but , above all , there is a deep sense among poles , hungarians , czechs , and others , that they are europeans .
why not , for example , entrust an independent bureaucracy with some redistributive goals or control over the level of public investment or deficit management ?
these questions apply most pointedly -- indeed , they cannot be avoided -- in the case of turkey &apos;s possible accession to the eu .
this is mostly due to the big three -- france , germany , and italy -- which produce 70 % of europe &apos;s gdp .
lenders knew , or should have known , that not all of the money was going to help indonesian development .
clearly , however , poverty arises from various complex conditions , and its amelioration requires a multidimensional approach .
the response , at least at the time of this column &apos;s writing , has mostly been deafening silence .
the ombudsman acts as a bridge between the authorities and the people , seeking to resolve conflicts that arise between state bodies and citizens .
in turn , the stick is needed to ensure that these incentives do not lock in unproductive and wasteful investments .
so california has set a bad example , and californians will probably pay a heavy price for it .
as democracies mature they become ever more practiced at managing opinion , and in many cases , at shaping opinion .
more realistically , it is designed to provide governments with the incentive to undertake the reforms that stimulate economic growth and productivity .
then , contagion within and across markets can work in a downward direction , propelling prices lower for years .
many policies have been tried , especially trade liberalization , privatization of inefficient state enterprises , and budgetary reforms .
while economic analysis can help in making institutional choices , there is also a large role for public deliberation and collective choice .
if all you have to work with is a hammer , as the saying goes , every problem looks like a nail .
they talk a lot about egalité but , unlike the germans , they don &apos;t practice it much .
but who knows what the electorate will think in three years , at the end of the government &apos;s full term in office ?
dealing with the impacts of climate change and with emission reductions should not be mutually exclusive , but complementary .
but orban is not alone in seeing electoral advantage in summoning the memories of old ghosts .
the fall in taxes and the rise in spending do widen the budget deficit , but in a healthy and useful way .
the best that they could do now would be to dump the pretense of a strategy and carry on with the other business .
today , it appears that the potsdam declarations of 1945 , which sanctioned the mass eviction of german populations , are the new enemy .
not even the un has a monopoly on legitimacy , which depends most on an action &apos;s rationale and the manner in which it is undertaken .
but at least a country &apos;s fiscal actions should not be hidden in its budgets &apos; obscure methodological footnotes .
even in those circumstances , war might well have been unwise compared to a policy of containment .
in the event , it turned into a three-way battle between britain , france and the new member states .
we know that the full benefit of primary school is realized only when children go on to secondary school .
this yearning for providential men or women in our global age results from at least three factors .
but on some issues , such as the iraq war , europeans are not all ready to follow america blindly .
german re-unification cost a fortune , which could have been invested in high tech and growth .
among the countries from where immigration to the eu is probable , turkey has the best prospects for successful adaptation .
throughout the 1990 &apos;s , they virtually opted out of serbian-run kosovo by creating parallel institutions .
learning what a country is ( or can be ) good at producing is a key challenge of economic development .
so it is hard for europeans to understand why plans for closer european integration should be seen as anti-american .
aspects of fiscal policy could also be delegated to independent bureaucrats in order to keep politicians in line .
but as they fade away , there could be some light at the end of the tunnel .
my office worked closely with the state to assure that , in most cases , juries are used .
two years ago , the us predicted budget surpluses as far as the eye could see .
in addition , other water-related issues , such as the risks posed by flooding , have been reduced to manageable levels .
they launched this war for certain declared reasons , all of which were heatedly debated around the world .
but now governments must go beyond investments in children and begin supporting the new generation of young people .
that americans are willing to pay this suggests that the option value exceeds the costs .
besides burying the draft constitution , it has largely sidestepped the budget issue .
one problem is that the consequences for neglecting drug safety are non-existing or minimal .
moreover , unlike official national debt , social-welfare obligations are not fixed in currency .
most americans still see in europe a partner with largely the same aims in the world .
so it may be helpful to outline the principles and ideas that guide us foreign policy .
the issues are subtle , because they hinge on what future governments may do .
taxation makes individuals feel in their wallets the destruction they are causing .
consider also the depletion of ocean fisheries through over-fishing .
leaders who never risk their popularity are not worth their position .
but the results of a 20-year research project now suggest that the <<unk>> tics are closer to the truth .
such a policy would entail committing to a major increase in spending on research and development , as asian developing countries have done .
in fact , most russians are indifferent to the government &apos;s efforts to curtail press freedom and limit the right to protest .
this model is the current basis of the business world , just as centralization has also been the favored defense strategy .
in short , they fear that , with no expansion of output or employment , the net effect will simply be an increase in poverty .
but the fact is that the advance of democracy historically entailed the erosion of shared values and the rise of individual autonomy .
some in the west have tried to conjure a &quot; clash of civilizations &quot; out of our troubled times .
the principle of non-intervention in a state &apos;s internal affairs was never absolute , and globalization confronts it with a radical challenge .
if orchestras don &apos;t look after their own futures , they may well not have one to look after .
looking ahead to the post-kyoto world offers us the chance to start a new dialogue and to look at new options on climate change .
in the 1930s , the pet hate of some central european countries was &quot; the versailles order . &quot;
this distinction matters because it points to the limited effectiveness of formalized legal norms as a means of promoting human rights .
no strong social democratic party in czechoslovakia could emerge from the rigid czechoslovak communist party .
adopting the euro would give them a great way to escape such risks and focus on creating real growth in their economies .
the situation today is improving in some places - such as brazil - which augurs well for the future .
but inequality and a sense of deprivation do contribute to resentment and social instability , threatening security .
disillusion with politics and politicians also is a key element of our yearning for providential leaders .
more than half of all approved drugs produce a serious adverse reaction that is not known at the time of regulatory approval .
as a result , fame could be negatively , not positively , correlated with long-run accuracy .
but the same is true for any other democracy , where radical groups could well misuse the democratic process for their purposes .
that this has not happened , at least on a large scale , is not to say that it cannot happen at all .
the market economy , despite its practical achievements , seems to him oftentimes to lack a heart and a human face .
this is not true of totalitarian or fundamentalist regimes , because , to foster free societies , they must be deposed .
this forcible approach is traumatic not only for the settlers , but also for many other israelis .
moreover , the audience may come to appreciate an adventuresome repertoire the more it becomes exposed to it .
france and germany are not an axis aspiring to be some sort of an alternative leadership to the us .
in particular , the franco-german &quot; engine &quot; of europe should not be seen as a potential rival to the us .
since its inception , the eu has sought to reach beyond past grief and , through cooperation , to build a better future .
a critique of individualism in the name of collective values occurs frequently in the pope &apos;s pronouncements .
to date , bush and blair have failed to make the case to the world , with the partial exception of their own countries .
yet to this day , syrian officials privately say that they don &apos;t think the us is serious about a withdrawal .
but this helped europe &apos;s small countries more than the big ones , and it implied more competition for germany , europe &apos;s biggest economy .
italy &apos;s presidency of the european union bears an enormous responsibility , namely reinvigorating enlargement as the key aspect of the new eu .
economic globalization has , however , outpaced political globalization ; the processes for decision making are far from democratic , or even transparent .
at the end of the day , the long-term approach is likely to include a rules-based system , an incentives system , and investments in technology change .
do you want to know which video clip will soon be scaring the daylights out of policymakers throughout the world ?
guards armed to the teeth surrounded him , yet he firmly supported the notion of democratization .
neoliberalism is to neoclassical economics as astrology is to astronomy .
there are many lessons that emerge from the tsunami that brought such devastation and loss of life to asia .
donor countries incessantly ask africans to change their trade policies , government institutions , public administration , and more .
granted , it is not easy to create methods of keeping score that are credible across the spectrum of reasonable opinion .
although globalization is a gradual process , it gained momentum when china decided to play the game .
india needs to attract higher fdi inflows to help soak up the economy &apos;s excess capacity .
money-supply growth has been well above target levels for some time now , indicating excess liquidity .
is hungary &apos;s slick young prime minister , viktor orban , poised to end all that ?
instead of cooling communal conflict , interethnic hatred remains as heated as ever .
increasingly , adaptation at the national level will be recognized as a major issue that will require appropriate funding .
only by bringing shimon peres &apos;s labor party into his cabinet did sharon manage to retain his parliamentary majority .
human rights in russia are often violated simply because people are not aware that they have some particular right .
russia threatens to scrap all of them once the us leaves the abm-treaty .
the madrid bombings have made europeans feel the scourge of terrorism in their bones .
partnership facilitates solutions to problems that defy purely national responses and means that burdens are shared .
every conceivable explanation has been given , usually focusing on what africans do wrong .
across central europe since 1989 , elections have oscillated between right and left .
governments could decide to act this way again , especially if national debts grow bigger .
germany cannot afford to slow down or , worse yet , stop the reform process .
instead of whacking french efficiency it brought important productivity improvements through increased flexibility .
why is this menace a matter of grave concern in japan today , and a threat worth worrying about in the us ?
an effective democracy must give them enough time to win the support of those elected to legislate and to carry out their program .
in short , even our &quot; moderate &quot; estimate may significantly underestimate the cost of america &apos;s involvement in iraq .
in one country , i spoke with a leader of the islamic fundamentalist opposition , which had waged a long civil war against the government .
it demonstrated the power of globalization , as television brought vivid pictures of the destruction to homes around the world .
many immigrant groups in europe find themselves flung back on their own communities by the impossibility of social and economic integration .
still , we need to face squarely the intergenerational issues at the core of today &apos;s economic dilemmas .
it also requires effort to build four types of institutions required to maintain growth momentum and build resilience to shocks :
during all these years , european governments consistently confirmed turkey &apos;s eligibility for full membership , making accession dependent on compliance with membership criteria .
surprisingly , there is no well-received explanation , because this boom &apos;s ultimate causes are mostly psychological .
the values and interests of the eu &apos;s newest member states coincide in most ways with those of the 15 earlier members .
and our estimate does not include any of the costs implied by the enormous loss of life and property in iraq itself .
for a long time , schröder &apos;s reformist rhetoric had not been matched by his politics .
those who wanted to limit the use of juries supposedly feared a risk to state security in some instances .
societies in which the official unemployment rate stands at 10 % or more for generations are societies in which government economic management has failed .
what we need is the right system from the beginning , so that we can rationally manage risks that span several generations .
some future politicians may succeed again in planting the idea that inflation , being stimulative , is good for the economy .
an extended eu should represent a means to balance the asymmetrical relationship between eastern europe &apos;s small countries with germany .
even in this situation the political right has been quarrelsome , creating space for meciar &apos;s possible return to power .
for the system of official atheism and legalized mendacity , the church was a living rebuke .
it was conservative in its absolute fidelity to evangelical values , to the truth of faith , to its historical identity .
without a regulatory framework beyond 2012 , the window of opportunity for initiating project-based transactions will close by 2006 / 2007 .
the best that we can plausibly hope for is to ensure that the worst of what they do is done out in the open .
in the absence of plausible alternatives , one hopes that this will also be the case for israelis and palestinians .
using an initial period of growth to experiment and innovate on these fronts can pay high dividends later on .
malaria can be controlled through newly designed long-lasting mosquito nets and a new generation of effective medicines .
governments cannot substitute for parents or for communities , but they can encourage young people and their families to invest in themselves .
but there is little doubt that the option value has been greatly impaired and will likely remain so for several years .
instead , they are promises of a certain standard of living ( including the value of medical services ) , corrected for inflation .
the policy debate then turned to capital-account convertibility , with the imf and the world bank strongly in favor .
but they don &apos;t know when to slam the mental brakes by making concessions to other points of view .
but , however compelling the cause of humanitarian military intervention , such actions must be brought under the umbrella of the un charter .
certainly , when a war &apos;s timing is a matter of choice , as in this case , inadequate preparation is even less justifiable .
last week &apos;s bruising battle over the medium-term future of the union &apos;s budget has confirmed that verdict with a vengeance .
they have certainly been great for america &apos;s trading partners ; wal-mart alone accounts for over 10 % of all us imports from china .
for americans , there is the additional question of what to do when the big-box store phenomenon has run its course .
the deepest problem is europe &apos;s inability to grow at more than a snail &apos;s pace and to provide jobs to its citizens .
the un general assembly should keep this in mind as it starts to codify the doctrine of the &quot; responsibility to protect . &quot;
the united states and its european friends have repeatedly stated their intent to make the difficult decision before the end of the year on whether to separate kosovo from serbia .
independent fiscal authorities-or fiscal rules such as the stability pact-stand in the way of this political use of fiscal policy , which is costly .
can he walk the tightrope of maintaining security on the peninsula , keeping america engaged , and retaining the support of the voters who elected him ?
in the future , the virtual enterprise model will shape how business is conducted , wars will be fought and probably how government services will be administered .
one impulse behind america &apos;s international engagement , and one of the great sources of its global power , has been its enduring impulse to make the world a better place .
working with partners , the world bank is supporting financial strategies to assist developing countries in meeting the costs caused by climate change .
they , too , must be allowed to feel those ties of &quot; unity resulting from feelings and sympathy . &quot;
more than most places , latin america was born in violent conquest .
as the major player , germany will gain by capitalizing on these developments .
such an explanation , backed by rigorous evidence , is no less necessary today .
should we fear the fact that europe is no longer a purely jewish / christian and white continent ?
this month , water once again takes center stage at the fourth world water forum in mexico city .
only then will we know whether germany can meet the toynbeean challenge it is facing .
after all , institutions are not hot-house plants capable of being planted in any soil and climate .
so discussions about deficits should be recast in terms of the really long-term intergenerational issues that matter .
to do so , there cannot be too wide a gap between our stated principles and our actual behavior .
and when economists see behavior that has destructive side effects , we like to tax it .
indeed , before world war i the german national football team consisted entirely of players with polish names .
so , six years after nato &apos;s intervention , kosovo seems as far from stability and social peace as ever .
legal restraints on humanitarian intervention are necessary because dictators too often use it to justify criminal aggression .
people feel safest investing in their homes , and there is little reason to expect imminent change .
the small suppliers actually provide you with 80 % of the value and innovation but only receive 20 % of the reward .
at present , most of the price of any product supports the huge , inefficient organization that assembled it .
governments are worried now , not because of capabilities , but because of america &apos;s real or imagined intentions .
in fact , serbia &apos;s government is already trying to persuade the west to postpone a decision until mid-2007 .
following the 1991 balance of payments crisis , the rupee &apos;s exchange rate was devalued around 20 % .
the horrors of a senseless war are almost too frightening to contemplate .
if the iraqis launch an attack with such weapons , this would demonstrate that the weapons were ready for use .
for those who support one or the other reading , sharon will forever hold the benefit of the doubt .
realistically , all that the commission can ask of european national governments is for transparency and clarity in their fiscal accounts .
the accusation is meant to suggest that the church cannot live comfortably with a pluralist democracy .
while motivated by the best of intentions , the hope of reviving the road map is out of touch with reality .
for example , assad apparently still does not realize how much the bush administration associates his regime with terrorism .
on the american side of the atlantic , the usefulness of these automatic fiscal stabilizers is unchallenged .
other governments should follow this model in order to fulfill their neglected role as guardian of public health .
indeed , as far as protecting the public is concerned , drug safety is the regulator &apos;s neglected stepchild .
the objective of growth for the accession countries is apparently the sole imperative in brussels ; macroeconomic stability can wait .
why do businesses in these countries complain of a lack of skilled workers when so many university students are jobless ?
the chain reaction of reawakening nationalisms is altering the political landscape in dangerous ways .
all five shocks constitute historical developments that are good for the world as a whole , but problematic for germany .
governments must broaden opportunities for young people by improving access to , and the quality of , health and educational services .
indeed , today &apos;s budget deficits reflect long-term problems that are not what keynesian theory envisions .
notions about &quot; collective guilt &quot; were put aside as having no place in a united and uniting europe .
bringing such an integrated world may be optimistic , even idealistic , but it is hardly naive .
but today it is the westphalian order that is in decline , along with the significance of state borders .
switzerland , with its generally slower pace and its thorough political debates before votes are held , may be the exception .
as to the yukos affair , my office cannot intervene in any legal process until it is completed .
two decades of applying neoliberal economic policies to the developing world have yielded disappointing results .
the paraphrasing would subtly change blix &apos;s comments to suit america &apos;s case for war .
these problems raise thorny questions : what prevents more young people from attending secondary school ?
the same holds true for britain and australia , where public opposition to war counted for naught .
international financial liberalization , for example , has undermined the use of more inclusive and targeted developmental credit to promote desired economic activities .
many european union countries are worried about the implications of taking away a country &apos;s territory , as well as the impact of kosovo &apos;s independence on serbian democracy .
when disagreements run as deep as they do on agriculture , there can be no give-and-take of the kind that allows for successful negotiations .
a corollary is that public money makes it possible for adventuresome programming even if audience tastes run to the conservative side .
hence , in the absence of negotiations , a unilateral withdrawal is the only meaningful step towards de-escalation and stabilization .
the us productivity miracle and the emergence of wal-mart-style retailing are virtually synonymous .
this congruence of interest and agreement on the rules of international order offers a promising foundation for managing the common challenges that confront us all .
ebeneezer scrooge &apos;s nocturnal visitors were able to convince him of the errors of his ways .
housing prices have shown tremendous upward momentum in the face of previous warnings that the party is over .
on the palestinian side , consolidation of the palestinian authority &apos;s control over a dozen security services and militias would be an important step .
but in any event , it was too late to protest : the ten eastern states had already been granted membership of the union .
asian developing countries are now producers of computers , semiconductors , pharmaceuticals , and software .
kosovo has subsequently become an international experiment in society building , led by the un interim administration mission in kosovo ( unmik ) .
many governments are so fearful of their farmers that they see no other option than to hold their ground , no matter what .
fixing the problem requires full cooperation from clinicians , but this requires ending their fear of litigation .
like de gaulle in algeria , sharon has reshuffled the cards of israel &apos;s politics .
the main purpose of his new constitution is its preamble , which enshrines kosovo as an inalienable part of serbia .
indeed , he saw it as his surest route to power , because the vast majority of the population thought exactly as he did .
today , china , india , and other developing countries cannot , and it would be unfair to penalize them for that .
syria &apos;s leaders also continue to dismiss demands from within lebanon for an end to syria &apos;s 28-year military presence .
the few exceptions have been due largely to continued or new progressive government interventions .
it is like putting a patient on prozac before he becomes suicidal .
some hope that postponement will stimulate violence in kosovo and further encourage western reconsideration of independence .
failure , however , offers such a horrific prospect that no one can possibly hope for it .
whether or not deficits treat future generations properly depends on how a government &apos;s systems for taxation and expenditure are designed .
communist police disappeared from the main streets of warsaw , yet the streets became models of order .
amazingly , debate is heating up even though it is uncertain that nmd will work .
no serbian leader will agree to kosovo &apos;s independence , because nationalism remains the dominant political force in the country .
the ill will orban &apos;s gambit inspired brought to a halt much of the regional cooperation of the last decade .
the worry now is that such demagoguery may incite a cycle of populist victories .
indeed , a broad multi-communal opposition front has formed in beirut to demand syria &apos;s departure .
with the association agreement of 1963 , a special relationship was established , culminating in the customs union of 1996 .
these two imperatives are inherently contradictory , but the balance between them is still best achieved through representative , parliamentary democracy .
most people live near the coasts , with good access to international trade , and most live in cities - another advantage for growth .
bush and blair must show that any weapons of mass destruction that are recovered posed a grave and urgent threat .
the ecb must not make the same mistake , even bearing in mind that the two central banks operate in different milieus and under different constraints .
extreme rainfall variations , floods , and droughts can have huge social and economic effects and result in the large-scale loss of life .
however , if western governments do not develop a deep understanding of how these structures operate , they stand no chance of combating the agile terrorist enterprise .
tens of thousands of innocent patients -- perhaps more -- suffered such adr &apos;s before the first two drugs of this class were withdrawn .
the development challenges in africa are just one example of how tough societal problems can be addressed by the design and spread of improved technologies .
john paul ii demonstrated that moral force was a weapon potent enough to undo yalta &apos;s division of the world .
unfortunately , the research program was cancelled before its findings could be applied in the business world , almost certainly because it threatened large companies .
now , though , it looks like i may finally be right -- or at least right to worry , if not to panic .
given serbia &apos;s political instability , they question the harm of a short-term postponement -- albeit mostly self-inflicted .
it presupposed moral agnosticism and a plurality of meanings , none of which are sacred or compulsory to all .
the situation of the political right in each central european country is also influenced by experiences that are rooted in history and tradition .
if an international intervention is to have any credible chance of success , clear criteria for what constitutes &quot; success &quot; are needed from the start .
some kinds of trust can be based on an artificial notion of &quot; not us &quot; rather than on real values and direct experience .
syria &apos;s suspected support for iraqi baathist exiles threatens to damage relations with the new iraq .
so it is vital for india to increase the inward flow of long-term capital , regardless of whether the capital account is closed or open .
generally , these countries &apos; citizens enjoy services that provide for all water needs , from drinking to irrigation to sanitation .
if these investments reach all parts of latin america , rich and poor , the region &apos;s prospects will brighten enormously .
part of the seeming disconnect on foreign policy emerges from a misunderstanding about what &quot; europe &quot; is about .
it described a remarkable two-chain helical structure for dna--the genetic material in living organisms .
nato &apos;s intervention in kosovo is a precedent that us secretary of state colin powell used to justify the war with iraq .
still others might need deeper reservoirs , more modern filtration plants , or improved water transport schemes .
the best known in the west is the management of savagery , but only because it was translated and made public .
inherent to drug safety is the fact that all drugs , in addition to their benefits , cause harm in certain patients .
governments without adequate capacity to exercise leadership over their private sectors are likely to mess things up rather than improve allocation of resources .
this has been a big windfall to homeowners , but has hurt anyone planning to buy .
none of this swayed the rest of the world , which views the war with disdain and alarm .
third , and no less important , is the speculative contagion that underlies any bubble .
our values reflect the democratic debate itself , nothing more , and our defense of them must address three related fields .
it is in that process , mostly inward looking , that france and germany claim to make europe advance .
those votes partly reflected displeasure with domestic policies , and partly disappointment with the way governments conduct european affairs .
in mid-july the great-and-good finance ministers of the european monetary union ( emu ) gathered to consider the euro zone &apos;s economic condition .
moreover , there are vast differences in terms of risks , rewards , and imperatives as one moves up the organizational chain , or jumps from cell to cell .
the uneasy partnership of prime minister tony blair and chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown is a good example of this tactic .
so now is the time to build , not disrupt or impede , the international institutions that will manage our response to global climate change in the years ahead .
but in the new world of globalization , there is greater economic interdependence , which requires more collective action , rules and institutions , and an international rule of law .
the irony , of course , was that most of the 15 old member states had refused to give the new members full and immediate access to the western job markets .
of course , these indicators do have a legitimate role to play in explaining housing markets , but they are simply not adequate to account for the recent booms .
this rentrée is also marked ( on both sides of the atlantic ) by the return of worries about how classical music is financed .
so it is not the sum of the two that matters , but the deal between the two , which should be viewed as a prototype of the emerging europe .
the response of some countries within the region was truly impressive , showing how far they had come in establishing efficient and effective governments .
this brings me to another key point : a workable exit strategy is just as important to the success of any future humanitarian intervention as the entry strategy .
the international community has yet to figure out what to do with an aberrant member who fails to live up to its responsibilities as a global citizen .
it is now abundantly clear that national governments ( especially those of large countries ) will never accept substantial limitations on their fiscal discretion .
it is harder because the binding constraints on growth are usually country-specific and do not respond well to standardized recipes .
an independent fiscal authority could arguably implement a society &apos;s long-term goals in these areas better than politicians , who have their eyes on the next election .
if a taste for classical music is to be subsidized , some more targeted subsidies should be preferred to cheap prices .
kosovo &apos;s ethnic albanians have proclaimed that they will not accept any tie to serbia , no matter how tenuous .
rather , in defending their values and security , americans strive to defend the world , especially the western world , from dark new threats .
while this threat lacks credibility ( it would harm russian interests most ) it has a certain logic .
there are a number of other costs , some potentially quite large , although quantifying them is problematic .
until recently , no one knew who is right , because no one was keeping score .
encouraging foreign investment or liberalizing everything and then waiting for things to improve does not work .
big-box stores are not exactly attractive -- hence their name .
many people believe that the socialists would not privatize the economy or slash welfare systems if such measures were not absolutely necessary .
and what next for the ecb , which has just nudged up interest rates by 0.25 % , after 30 months on hold .
sometimes parliaments wish to act quickly , and perhaps must do so , but as a rule they take enough time to examine issues fully .
limits on exporters &apos; foreign-currency accounts will be removed , and banks may invest in overseas money and debt markets .
there is , however , little evidence that capital account convertibility has a meaningful impact on a country &apos;s growth rate .
the iraq war was not and could not be justified on the basis that saddam hussein was a tyrant .
is it because they are sometimes close to being illiterate even after primary school , or because it is unaffordable ?
americans , in turn , must think about where the proper balance lies between aesthetics , community , and low prices .
they know how to stoke momentum in an argument by multiplying reasons why they are right and others are wrong .
then , to a minister , without exception , they all but decided that their economies should suffer more of the same , if not worse .
an effective strategy must accomplish two tasks : encourage investment in non-traditional areas , and weed out projects and investments that fail .
what good are cheap prices , which serve mainly to subsidize the same subscription holders , if there are no seats ?
in the coming month , several rounds of retirements should allow the president to place more of his people in positions of power .
if khodorkovsky disagrees with the final decision of the russian courts , he will undoubtedly appeal to that court .
will the future be as promising for the developing world &apos;s billion-plus young people between the ages of 12 and 24 ?
candidate roh called for a new relationship between south korea and the us , one based on the principle of independence and equality .
the result : hedgehogs make more mistakes , but they pile up more hits on google .
indeed , the media shower lavish attention on over-claimers while neglecting their humbler colleagues .
it is unfair to blame clinicians for serious adr &apos;s , particularly in the absence of complete safety information .
europe needs a monetary policy that views aiding employment growth in northern europe as more important than continental price stability .
but delay only offers more room for kostunica to find ways to make a security council decision more difficult .
in the end , whatever light there is , it may not shine until 2007 , after the french elections .
at the end of this current &quot; super election year , &quot; we will know the answer .
imagine your job as a media executive depends on expanding your viewing audience .
to defuse an electoral fight with his rival , schroeder agreed .
with all the attention devoted to strained transatlantic relations , it is easy to overlook how often our preoccupations overlap .
for example , the duma has taken far too long to enact a law on lobbying , which in most developed democracies clearly defines what constitutes acceptable and unacceptable behavior .
europe and the rest of the world will have to do their part--abiding by these principles themselves , and giving each other , and america , a shove in the right direction .
the size of these transfers , however , would depend on the eu &apos;s financial policies at the time of admission , the outcome of accession negotiations , and economic developments in turkey .
to be sure , an unexpected slowdown in economic activity or a strong rise in the value of the euro could postpone the inevitable rate hike .
when voters in france and the netherlands turned down the proposal for a constitution for the european union , the world knew that the european project was in deep trouble .
and , while agricultural trade liberalization may enhance export earnings for some poor countries , the main beneficiaries will be the more well-to-do agricultural exporters .
moreover , for decades turkey has been a responsible member of many european institutions , and there is no reason to believe that it would act differently in the eu .
they are not quite the pandemic that their explosive growth pattern resembles , but nor is their emergence completely benign .
to be sure , in the struggle against communism , the polish church was , indeed , conservative--and thank god for that !
hariri &apos;s assassination makes that far more difficult , and syria must prepare for a strong backlash from the us and france .
democracy does nurture some common values , but they are overwhelmingly liberal values - in other words , individual rights trump collective obligations .
in any case , the eu &apos;s practice of &quot; capping &quot; its budget would prevent an explosion in the financial costs entailed by turkey &apos;s accession .
while such a move is out of the question -- it would require a change in the european treaty -- the noise is unhealthy .
one of the defining features of the past decades is the sharp increase in services productivity in the us ; none of that happened in europe .
moreover , terrorism is now viewed as a problem for everyone , with major tragedies in indonesia , spain , and russia .
but even in our euphoria , we did not expect how much the new pope would change not only poland , but the world .
among the former socialist economies of eastern europe and the soviet union , few have caught up with real output levels that prevailed before 1990 .
europe is doing badly , they argue , not because of their own failure to lead the structural reform process , but because interest rates are too high .
this would be disastrous for europe &apos;s economic recovery , as the ecb would have no choice but to slam down hard on the monetary brakes .
america &apos;s aid still appeared niggardly when compared with the amounts offered by countries with a fraction of america &apos;s economic wealth .
indeed , throughout the 1990s , despite rising output , deflation occurred , which means that india &apos;s potential output is expanding .
whether they posed any real threat outside iraq &apos;s borders , or would have been used in the absence of the current war , must still be assessed .
doctors without borders introduced the concept of &quot; the right of intervention &quot; in humanitarian disasters , bypassing the strictures of traditional international law .
but the new member states in central and eastern europe are deeply embedded in the economic , social , and cultural development of our continent .
even if a budget is adopted , there is no lack of depressing business for the austrian presidency , which starts on january 1 .
deflation --a steady ongoing decline in prices-- gave businesses and consumers powerful incentives to cut spending and hoard cash .
the question seems absurd in the light of photographs of american soldiers torturing and humiliating iraqi prisoners .
the eu &apos;s disunity over the war in iraq should not overshadow its member states &apos; agreement on almost all other great questions of international affairs .
this is exactly what the european commission did recently by providing its first strategy for a post-kyoto era , which will be discussed by the european council next march .
if we are to make the world politically more secure and economically more stable and prosperous , political globalization will have to catch up with economic globalization .
this new technology , called &quot; carbon capture and sequestration , &quot; can cut by 80 % the carbon dioxide emitted during the production of electricity .
for instance , americans pay some $ 300 billion annually for the &quot; option value &quot; of military preparedness -- being able to fight wherever needed .
in particular , the central issue is how far the old member states are willing to pay to boost the less developed economies of the new members .
· patients need to be better informed about the risks of prescription drugs and more involved in detection and reporting .
almost weekly , mr. duisenberg acts or says something that demonstrates his incompetent judgment .
everyone should want today &apos;s undivided europe to build on these accomplishments , rather than for generations of high unemployment to jeopardize them .
europe and the us must pursue their aims in cooperation , while ensuring that such cooperation never becomes an alliance of the &quot; west against the rest . &quot;
western europe &apos;s accomplishments since world war ii are among the most heartening and impressive success stories in world history .
astbury , meanwhile , moved to leeds in 1928 , where he also began working on amino acids and proteins .
but first , all countries must integrate climate concerns into policy planning , and improve their governance in key sectors such as energy , infrastructure , and transport .
his &quot; war &quot; approach is making it easier for islamist terrorists to view the west as an equally united and malevolent force .
for example , structural reforms in europe are thought impossible to enact unless imposed by some reincarnation of margaret thatcher .
then the east asian currency crisis put further action on hold and raised serious questions about when--and whether--to proceed .
still others say that while it is clearly essential to restore economic growth , the recovery must occur <<unk>> <<unk>> within the spirit of the pact . &apos; &apos;
countries , like thailand , that felt that they could handle the finances on their own asked that assistance be directed to others .
the governing council is in danger of running out of adjectives -- as well as credibility -- if it does not act soon .
normally , a us defense project in its infancy would not cause the excitement nmd generates .
indeed , even in countries with high primary-school completion rates , many young people do not attend secondary school .
all eyes turned to syria following the assassination of former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri .
japan &apos;s public deficits spawned a national debt of 140 % of annual gdp , without producing any economic resurgence .
on average , wage costs in the ten countries that joined the eu in 2004 are only 14 % of the west german level .
as a rule however , referenda measure the popularity of political leaders at a particular moment , regardless of the issue at stake .
the notion that americans have gotten better at everything while other rich countries have stood still is thus wildly misleading .
the palestinian leader , abu mazen , recognizes this , but the question is whether he can deliver .
consider germany , where some leaders of the opposition christian democrats yearn to sink the schröder government .
conventional military models are geared to decapitate something that , in this case , has no head .
at this point , uncharitable <<unk>> tics chortle that we get the media we deserve .
because concepts of human rights remain rudimentary , the best that can be hoped for is that awareness will slowly begin to take hold .
and they continue to push &amp; <<unk>> 45 ; &amp; <<unk>> 45 ; unsuccessfully &amp; <<unk>> 45 ; &amp; <<unk>> 45 ; for ahtisaari &apos;s removal in order to prolong the vienna talks .
leftist parties in various central european countries , indeed , have often turned out to be more successful in reforming because they , paradoxically , have greater legitimacy in this respect .
of course , with reduced public spending on the performing arts , not only will there be greater reliance on private money , but ticket prices will have to rise as well .
particularly for those countries that have adopted the euro , government spending on the arts will be constrained for some time by the requirement that fiscal deficits be kept to 3 % of gdp .
time-bound subsidy schemes , public venture funds , and export subsidization are some of the ways in which this approach can be implemented , but there are many others .
he alone seemed to incarnate the combination of reassuring strength and vision to carry the majority of israelis behind him in a process of unilateral disengagement .
whether a patient &apos;s death or hospitalization is due to a particular drug , the underlying illness , or a combination of the two can be hard to determine .
while brushing up the vocabulary and abbreviations of the age of superpower deterrence , they discover that such a world has gone .
indeed , prime minister vojislav kostunica , the apostle of serbian nationalism , has been trying in every way to undermine kosovo &apos;s interim government .
indeed , they need a chance to make mistakes and to learn and recover from their errors , as long as their decisions do not affect the foundations of the democratic order itself .
my tactical goal is thus to raise the public profile of the ombudsman &apos;s office , in order to win more respect and recognition by both citizens and the state .
beyond this , a basic failure of economic strategy has been largely overlooked , one that is reflected in a major difference between public policy discussions in latin america and asia .
russians seem to care less about political freedom than they do about social welfare - pensions , domestic violence , children &apos;s rights , or police brutality .
over the last decade , germany has been the slowest growing economy in the european union , and europe has been the slowest growing continent in the world .
monetary policy can be used to stimulate an economy just as much as fiscal policy , if not more , in election years , which politicians will always want to do .
since then , x-ray structural analysis of protein molecules has helped us to understand the chemistry of biological reactions .
but inequalities at the national level have deepened in most countries in recent years , largely due to economic liberalization at both the national and international levels .
for the ecb , an increase of 50 basis points could do the job at this point -- after which rates could probably be put on hold for some time .
remarkably , roh won the election despite north korea &apos;s decision to reactivate nuclear reactors that had been frozen since 1994 .
for contemporary democrats , the fullest possible respect for the autonomous individual is , as thomas jefferson put it , &quot; self-evident . &quot;
former yukos ceo mikhail khodorkovsky &apos;s lawyers have sent a complaint to the european court for human rights in strasbourg .
the world bank has been instrumental in advancing carbon finance as a viable development tool , and in facilitating private-sector participation in the market .
one consequence of this cynical treatment of political ideologies is the wild swings in voters &apos; preferences seen in various central european countries .
in east asia , this &quot; demographic dividend &quot; is believed to have generated more than a quarter of the region &apos;s economic growth .
the accession countries have upheld their end of the bargain , achieving a degree of trade integration with eu countries that is even higher than many current members .
indeed , in much of the world , such economic reforms have actually undermined growth rates as well as the progressive role of government , while otherwise increasing overall inequalities .
un soldiers should not bear the consequence of america &apos;s failure to manage the occupation , so us cries for financial help should fall on deaf ears .
in the united states alone , it is estimated that every year up to 100,000 patients die due to serious adverse drug reactions ( adr &apos;s ) .
since communism &apos;s fall , center right parties in the czech republic , hungary , poland , and slovakia have suffered from disunity and a lack of vision .
given the expected upswing of turkey &apos;s economy and its declining birthrate , experts predict a figure of around 2.7 million immigrants by that point .
when the nuclear plant issue was resolved , populist pressure was forced into a single channel , the demand to abrogate the benes decrees .
elaborate cost-benefit analyses of major projects have been standard practice in the defense department and elsewhere in government for almost a half-century .
consequently , entrepreneurship of this type--learning what can be produced--will typically be under-supplied in the absence of non-market incentives .
orban argued that revoking the &quot; benes decrees &quot; must be made a condition for the czech republic ( as well as slovakia ) joining the european union .
probably the only rational way to proceed would be to acknowledge that unilateral steps on both sides can still further the cause of de-escalation and ultimate reconciliation .
right now , rich countries are changing the world &apos;s climate by emitting billions of tons of carbon dioxide each year from the use of coal , oil , and natural gas .
at the same time , our efforts to promote democracy worldwide serve us interests , owing to the hardheaded realization that democracies settle their differences peaceably .
as a result , trade liberalization of manufactures has resulted in de-industrialization and greater unemployment in much of the world , as in the case of garments this year .
but when enemies are merely threatening , it is better first to assert legitimacy , and thus acquire some credibility at home and abroad .
as neither germany &apos;s unions nor its welfare state would accept falling wages , the result was higher unemployment and slower growth .
the results of this first defining moment in protein crystallography were published as a letter in nature in 1934 .
just as citizens in a democracy continuously learn to participate , democratic governments continuously learn how to get their way despite the participation .
it is now standard practice for international organizations publishing a report to involve all the &quot; stakeholders &quot; and to reflect their opinions .
they assigned probabilities of 70 % to bleak scenarios that materialized only 12 % of the time .
coupled with all this is northern european discontent with the central bankers , specifically with the ecb and the euro .
if serbia wants to join the west , it must not forsake that opportunity by trapping itself in its nationalist past .
in the past , some governments , when faced with large national debts , effectively <<unk>> <<unk>> inflated them away . &apos; &apos;
those who advocate running deficits often portray them as necessary to fix an economy in which confidence is draining away .
no one considers how to put further downward pressure on the economy by raising tax rates and cutting back on spending programs .
realists observe that in the long race between the environment and technology , it appears that technology has so far been losing .
the moves towards full capital-account convertibility have proceeded in step with impressive growth in india &apos;s foreign-currency reserves .
yet it has failed to exercise the kind of leadership needed to create a new world order based on principles like fairness .
after 1945 , western europe undertook painful debates about history , and these helped bring about franco-german reconciliation .
the disaster was international , so it was appropriate that the united nations take the lead in coordinating the relief effort .
each factor deserves greater attention if we are to understand current housing market conditions and discern future price trends .
add the practical difficulties of broken-down roads and few cars and trucks , and economic isolation follows .
clearly , the need for international intervention in crises is often time-specific and a fairly swift response is frequently required .
here bush is conspicuously absent without leave ( awol in military jargon ) .
some see in the pope the person responsible for a religious revival ; others see a man of peace .
economists would rather talk about interest rates or unemployment statistics - factors that are concrete and knowable .
deficits raise not only immediate political issues , but also issues of distributive justice between generations , and of intergenerational risk sharing .
but what these accountants do not provide is a way to judge when deficits are justifiable and when they are not .
we must recognize and confront this problem to prevent established democracies from atrophying and to help new democracies become more effective .
but the size of a country plays only a limited role in the eu &apos;s decision-making process , because political influence within the union depends more on economic power .
here , europe acts like america , which has long talked the rhetoric of free trade , while its actions have long ignored the principles .
the threat of return to power by meciar forced all democrats , leftist or rightist , into one camp .
political developments in czechoslovakia during the last 20 years of communism set the czech republic and slovakia apart from both poland and hungary .
solidarity , in the sense of unity resulting from common interests , also clearly exists within both the original eu-15 and the enlarged union .
missile defense is not a threat to us-russian strategic stability ; its mishandling is a threat to political predictability .
such questions were never so urgent in the past , partly because fundamental democratic values were less abstract than they seem nowadays .
further procrastination on interest-rate normalization by the ecb could well lead to a nasty bout of inflation .
unlikely as it may be in view of turkey &apos;s deeply rooted secularism , such a risk cannot be totally excluded .
christian-democratic parties , associated with the catholic church , and the liberals have been to some extent marginalized .
this is why i suggested to putin that chechnya have its own regional rights ombudsman who would spend all his time there .
indeed , about the only people who are unconcerned about creeping authoritarianism in russia are the russians themselves .
over the past 25 years in europe , unemployment rose as monetary policy was tightened and interest rates were raised to fight inflation .
governments must also begin to offer &quot; second chances &quot; for young people who have fallen behind due to difficult circumstances or poor choices .
this is why postcommunist societies do not demonstrate any nobility or disinterestedness that seriously contrasts with the west .
the second worry is that , as nato and the eu expand , these ugly debates will infect relations within these international bodies .
in kosovo , such clarity is and has been absent ; as a result , nato and the un have no clear idea about when and how both should leave .
syrian officials believe that because the baath party is secular , the us will invariably support it against an islamist resurgence .
it is hard to imagine , for example , how to &quot; make poverty history &quot; without also generating enough decent work , educational opportunities , and healthcare for all .
the psychological factors are more important for longer-term forecasts , beyond a year , where momentum no longer plays an important role .
i am betting that some high-flying glamour cities will continue to see decelerating growth in home prices - and eventually decreases .
today &apos;s world lacks irreconcilable conflict among the main concentrations of world power : europe , russia , china , japan , and the us .
i was receiving a gift--itself merely another demonstration of the president &apos;s arbitrary exercise of power--not proof of respect for moral principles .
overthrowing a totalitarian regime and organizing elections may be hard , but the harder task is to go from voting to establishing a true democracy .
even today , income inequality in latin america is among the highest in the world , reflecting the old patterns of ethnic and racial division .
indeed , the central feature of the first decade of the pope &apos;s reign was his struggle against dictatorship--communist dictatorship in particular .
bush &apos;s &quot; us and them &quot; rhetoric clearly defines an &quot; other &quot; and positions it as a cohesive enemy .
a virtual enterprise is any small group that self-assembles into an organization that is just large enough to accomplish the collective intention .
at the same time , europe is again blocking progress in the doha round of world trade talks , with the farmers &apos; lobby fighting to preserve its subsidies .
people expressed their opinion freely--in newspapers , on television , in internet chat rooms--concerning george bush &apos;s planned war on iraq .
indeed , eu institutions &apos; current paternalistic stance towards the accession countries threatens to create a two-tier europe that will complicate the task of integration .
these books ( and the trends they indicate ) are becoming less dogmatic and increasingly sophisticated in the adoption of modern management techniques .
in other words , we must act in accordance with the recognition that climate change and its effects on people in both rich and poor countries remains a threat to global security .
the next year , he was given excellent hemoglobin crystals and soon produced the best x-ray diffraction patterns to date .
and the entry of big-box stores into a community crushes long-established retailers , often traumatically transforming their character .
in other places - for example , guatemala and parts of the andean region - social divisions remain fraught with violence and distrust .
it is ironic that the candidate countries are being lectured to by officials at the ecb and the european commission on the trade-off between nominal and real convergence .
it was , of course , the embrace of rational , market-driven economic policies by the former communist nations that has brought them to the brink of eu membership .
however , apart from military factors , where such intervention is being considered , it is of vital importance to focus international policy discussion on the rapid deployment of a linked civilian and security presence .
after all , the history of missile defense is a tale of technology constantly disappointing its advocates in and out of government .
my office is open not only to russian citizens , but to foreigners and stateless people who feel their political rights have been compromised .
america &apos;s unwillingness to provide small sums to wage peace contrasts sharply with the huge amounts congress quickly granted to wage war .
with no more than 35 % of the vote , schröder &apos;s &quot; red-green &quot; coalition would have suffered a disaster .
any us foreign policy must combine interests and values , because the american public always insists that us national objectives be linked to national ideals .
but the 1972 abm treaty prohibits , for the indefinite future , systems to protect either country against such nuclear attack .
why is france growing faster when , to paraphrase mao , the french moon is also the german moon ?
they should also increase their focus on scientific and technological training and encourage a higher proportion of students to go on to university education .
virtual enterprises are unusually innovative , and , in the business sector , they are possibly the only system that can build a one-off product well .
europeans subdued amerindian populations and also brought in massive numbers of slaves from africa , especially to the caribbean basin and brazil .
in this , he personifies the paradox that is christianity : unbreakable and lasting principles joined by understanding and tolerance .
women &apos;s status has improved , and girls enjoy equal access to education , with even higher enrollment rates than boys in many countries .
while the forces were deployed for a flexible entry and withdrawal , the bush administration ended up using them for an old-fashioned occupation .
the gulf coast of mexico and central american countries has repeatedly experienced such tragedies , with poor communities the most vulnerable and the least able to cope .
the main question nmd poses is not how to prepare for a future world of missile defense but how to dampen today &apos;s political concerns .
but continuing opposition by eu institutions has led most candidate countries to abandon the idea of adopting the euro unilaterally or as quickly as possible after entering the union .
and i don &apos;t agree with friends of mine who turn their noses down at wal-mart stores , and claim never to have visited one .
by constantly pushing for lower interest rates than the ecb can deliver , politicians set the central bank up as a scapegoat for europe &apos;s poor economic performance .
the reshuffle last november that brought kanaan and others into the cabinet was seen to reflect assad &apos;s preferences .
in latin america , the global technological revolution is much less discussed , and national policies to promote science and technology are rarely given prominence .
if there is a next time , the us will make its judgments on what is in its best interests , regardless of what the un does .
today , some politicians want to capitalize on eastern europe &apos;s desire to be part of europe to reopen historical issues to their political advantage .
the us , also victim of a horrendous attack , feels drawn to the world but not to promote a similar model of cooperation .
so tempers are rising over something which , if and when it happens in the distant future , may or may not have much impact .
their research surely includes the young science of virtual enterprise management : how to nurture and support self-organizing cells .
so despite the enormous amount of excellent data that was collected , the solution remained tantalizingly out of reach .
because india is still running a trade deficit , there could be some pressure on the rupee following any negative shock .
that he overcame this obstacle without changing his stance on engaging north korea means that times have radically changed .
the standards we apply are not only those contained in russia &apos;s constitution , but also international legal principles and human rights norms , even if they sometimes contradict our constitution .
nowadays it is often alleged that the european union &apos;s sense of solidarity was put in jeopardy , if not shattered outright , by its enlargement to take in the countries of central and eastern europe .
the &quot; bulldozer &quot; had become the grandfather of most israelis and the last card of western diplomacy , for americans and , surprisingly , for europeans , too .
even without the tsunami , this debt burden would have been an enormous hindrance to the country &apos;s development as it finally recovers from the aftermath of the 1997 financial crisis .
the downside risk of higher volatility for the rupee is aggravated by some serious problems , including a deficit running at 6 % of gdp and the strategic stand-off with pakistan .
what actions are we obligated to take now in order to diminish the risks to our descendants and our planet from the increasing likelihood of global warming and climate change ?
at this point , there is likely to be some downward instability in prices , because enthusiasm for investing in houses is likely to wane in line with declining price growth .
for 20 years , i have been wrong : west european polities have remained stable despite the exclusion of a large proportion of citizens from meaningful participation in much of economic life .
the appeal of us leadership abroad rests in part on the attractiveness of america &apos;s political institutions , society , and culture , and its willingness to champion human rights and democracy .
a person may describe him or herself as , for example , a liberal , yet at same time demand that the government continue subsidizing energy , education , or housing .
the economic liberalization carried out in much of the world in the last 25 years was a flawed policy from the start , and its consequences have become glaringly obvious .
to build successful youth-friendly policies , governments need to focus on three policy areas : expanding opportunities , enhancing capabilities , and providing second chances for young people .
tony blair , british prime minister , electrified the world of european politics by telling the european parliament that he was a &quot; passionate pro-european &quot; .
indeed , many europeans , and others , will view holmes &apos;s video simulation of wal-mart &apos;s spread as a horror film .
low farm yields can be addressed through improved seed varieties specially adapted for african conditions , combined with technologies for replenishing soil and managing water .
they are not the ones who will be blamed for soaring prices , nor are they the ones who will have to force the inflation genie back into the bottle .
even so , they are not immune to water-related disasters , as hurricane katrina &apos;s destruction of new orleans taught us .
this is why the us should encourage the development of a common european security and defense policy , which is merely the burden sharing that america has been pressing on europe for decades .
in iraq , since the fall of baghdad on april 9 , 2003 , damascus has shown undue nostalgia for the old system .
the most important of confidence-building measures , a modification of the abm-treaty to allow for limited missile defense , is being explored .
the bush administration , while not formally blaming syria , virtually did so and recalled its ambassador to damascus .
for the first time in modern korean history , the presidential campaign actually debated the central issues facing the country , rather than focussing on parties and personalities .
it is especially difficult to attribute an adverse reaction to a drug if the medical event is common in the user &apos;s age group or in the condition being treated .
interestingly , the video shows how the stores spread out like petals of a flower , ever thickening and expanding .
now is the time for every major international agency and national government to assume responsibility for gaining the scientific and technological expertise that they will need in the twenty-first century .
in decade from 1993 to 2002 , using imf figures , the eu grew at an average of 2.3 % while germany averaged only 1.7 % growth .
china , vietnam , india : all three violated virtually every rule in the neoliberal guidebook , even as they moved in a more market-oriented direction .
certainly , according to sharon &apos;s thinking , there is no future for 9,000 jewish settlers living among 1.2 million palestinians in the gaza strip .
rigid as it was , with an extensive welfare system and an over-regulated labor market , germany was unable to react to these shocks and ran into trouble .
what sympathy does the us agenda deserve , when president bush has ladled out tax cuts of hundreds of billions of dollars to the richest people in the world .
if young people are not to become stuck in dead-end jobs , or end up without jobs at all , they need better education and skills that match those needed by employers .
moreover , some of the debt was incurred as part of the 1997-1998 crisis , which was aggravated and deepened by imf-imposed policies .
the basic idea was to solicit thousands of predictions from hundreds of experts about the fates of dozens of countries , and then score the predictions for accuracy .
this gap between human rights and the behavior of rulers has brought about the greatest shift in the conduct of international affairs in our time--the advent of &quot; humanitarian intervention . &quot;
opposition groups in lebanon , as well as hariri supporters , openly accused syrian president bashar assad &apos;s regime of being responsible for the killing .
what the world needs is a system of legal injunctions--bilateral and multilateral agreements , as well as appropriate monitoring and supervisory institutions--to regulate the use of force for humanitarian reasons .
global demand for fish consumption is growing , and so , too , is the global capacity to catch fish , driving some species to the point of extinction .
the ties that bind us together were frayed by forty years of soviet domination , but this did not fundamentally change these states &apos; european character .
ordinary koreans insist that us soldiers who commit crimes should be tried in korean courts .
the strategy rests on peer pressure , naming and shaming governments that fail to make progress .
this approach works well in the airline industry : pilots reporting near misses are not penalized ;
following keynes , they argue that running deficits will restore confidence before a recession or depression can take hold .
after failing to crash , america now looks set to pull out of its downturn and resume strong growth .
in sub-saharan africa , most economies failed to respond to the adjustment programs demanded by the imf and world bank .
politicians don &apos;t understand science , and rarely seek the advice of scientists and engineers in addressing major issues .
nor can we claim , as we used to , that our values spring from god , nature , reason , or historical laws .
at the very least , investors clearly do not fear that high debt will lead governments to stoke inflation by printing more money .
detection technology made it clear that iraq did not have nuclear weapons , as chief un inspector hans blix pointed out .
under president roh , south korea &apos;s domestic politics and relations with the us and north korea will require an almost total overhaul .
moreover , fertility rates have fallen sharply , to a point where populations in many countries will probably level off in coming decades .
the old adage that &quot; an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure &quot; applies with particular force to monetary policy .
with the world becoming a global stage , the media &apos;s role in fueling the appetite for providential leaders is essential .
are today &apos;s democracies virtuous enough to rally the energies - including self-sacrifice - needed to defeat their enemies ?
the us wants to retain control of the occupation , but it wants others to receive the bullets now mowing down american soldiers .
low-wage competition has led to substantial outsourcing and off-shoring activities that have kept german firms competitive by reducing their demand for domestic labor .
for example , economists estimate that the food section of wal-mart charges 25 % less than a typical large supermarket chain .
the ecb should not try to balance inflation in the south and east with deflation in the north in order to hit artificial continent-wide targets .
yet , in morocco , for example , more than 80 % of school children complete primary school , but fewer than 20 % have mastered the material .
pensioners are among the most powerful lobbies in a democracy , and politicians are loath to confront them on so fundamental an issue .
other tropical diseases also can be controlled , and practical technologies for safe drinking water can dramatically reduce diarrheal diseases .
it is another when the european project means that french workers face competition from polish plumbers , romanian farmers , and turkish shop clerks .
nor have stabilization and structural adjustment programs , imposed since the 1980 &apos;s , delivered on their promise of achieving higher economic growth .
this will cause obvious hardship , but it will also hold back the economic growth needed for millions of people to escape poverty .
the eu cannot simply proclaim &quot; solidarity &quot; as a core value and then do nothing to foster it among those who feel marginalized .
spontaneous reporting rates to regulatory agencies are low -- approximately 1 % -- and ongoing monitoring is passive in many countries .
the potential for budgetary shortfall with social security and health care is even worse in europe and japan , due to their more troublesome demographics .
however , monetary policy is a much more awkward , indirect and imprecise way of choosing winners and losers than fiscal policy .
these and other cities have been booming pretty much ever since ; prices in most are up at least 50 % in real terms since 2000 .
in practice , this has meant large flows of money either to big agricultural producers , like france , or to poorer member states , like greece and portugal .
even more irksome is the fact that france ( france ! you can almost hear the groans ! ) is doing so much better than germany .
healing today &apos;s divided world could start only with fresh political leadership in both the us and uk , and a strong assertion of un authority .
even in a debilitated state , the euro reminds europeans ( and the world ) that europe is a vast , integrating market .
the rules that govern politicians &apos; behavior must not be written as if disinterested , well-intentioned public servants will apply them .
it was initiated to create &quot; solidarités de fait , &quot; promote political stability , and consolidate democracy and europe &apos;s social model .
having lived and worked long enough in kosovo to see the outcome so far , i contend that such experiments require further research .
the second temptation is a purely military policy that fixates on physical strength without considering how to project greater credibility and fairness .
this is why they should commit their cruelest deeds in the first year and soften up as the next election approaches .
can these issues be addressed now , when the economic slowdown in most advanced countries makes most politicians focus on short-term fixes ?
czech prime minister milos zeman quickly demonstrated that he , too , could play a demagogic nationalist card .
he is merely an unthinking nationalist , living in terror of the nationalist yellow tabloid press .
whether the security council will approve independence largely depends on averting a russian veto , which will require considerable diplomatic effort .
germans should look to brussels as a liberating force to accomplish what would otherwise be politically impossible at home .
he is rushing to hold a national referendum this month on a new constitution without serious parliamentary debate or the usual public education .
but this does not seem to be what the german electorate wants , and this makes the complexion of german politics four years from now incalculable .
at the recent world trade organization ( wto ) meeting in cancun , the developing countries put america--and europe--on notice that this system can no longer continue .
surely , the best protection against such a calamity is to strengthen turkey &apos;s democratic system , which can best be achieved by anchoring it firmly in a bloc of similarly democratic countries .
another , more plausible theory is that over the past fifteen years there have been various external challenges or shocks that have hit the country simultaneously .
the new government that voters will most likely elect in september will be confronted with the difficult task of confronting germans with reality and pushing through the necessary reforms .
the slow growth of the eastern part of the country has pulled down the germany-wide average , while the enormous demand for public funds in the east has increased public debt .
focusing political will and the efforts of young people themselves to expand opportunities , enhance capabilities , and provide second chances can help countries make the most of today &apos;s demographic advantage .
this was a message for which britain &apos;s european friends had long been hoping , and for which they had waited in vain since blair &apos;s election in 1997 .
on the contrary , whenever recession threatens , political debate revolves around whether they need to be reinforced by additional stimulus via discretionary fiscal policy .
in the eyes of many , that would amount to america opting out of the structure of nuclear arms control built in the latter part of the cold war .
the us federal reserve faces a dilemma , for it needs to continue raising interest rates in the face of a hurricane-devastated economy .
indeed , it would be difficult to carry out critical dimensions of us foreign policy-from trade to non <<unk>> proliferation to environmental policy-without them .
but if you look at the euro zone &apos;s economic problems today , the danger of high long-term nominal interest rates does not even rank among investors &apos; top ten concerns .
so president vaclav havel courageously argued during his first trip to germany in january 1990 , but his comments were mistaken for weakness .
the fourth shock was eastern eu enlargement , which has brought extraordinary chances for trade and investment in the east , but has also brought massive low-wage competition .
it is a sad conclusion to a presidency , launched six-months ago , with blair &apos;s claim that he was a &quot; passionate pro-european &quot; .
this trend exposes candidate countries &apos; real economies to precisely the risk of a capital flow reversal and currency crisis that early euro adoption was meant to eliminate .
these programs have successfully increased secondary school enrollment in countries like mexico , ecuador , bangladesh , and cambodia .
if unemployment was not stuck quite at great depression levels , it remained high enough to make long-term joblessness or the fear of long-term joblessness a defining experience .
they assigned probabilities of 65 % to rosy scenarios that materialized only 15 % of the time .
the bank is focused on representing the interests of its borrowing countries , helping them to develop assets for carbon trading according to their own priorities .
the messianic idealism that liberated europe from nazism and protected western europe from communism is now directed at other enemies .
roh &apos;s populist and nationalist stance will be swiftly and sorely tested by reality when he assumes power in february .
when eu leaders met last spring to assess progress , they pitifully recognized that the lisbon strategy &apos;s goal was unlikely to be met .
in the absence of a credible democratic left party , czech center-right politicians had the upper hand , and were relatively united , until 1997 .
bangladesh &apos;s female secondary stipend program was successful in helping girls aged 11 to 14 to delay marriage and remain in school .
similarly , engineers have developed ways to capture the carbon dioxide that results from burning coal in power plants and store it safely underground .
but reckless use of either mechanism for short-term goals may create long-term costs , justifying some restrictions on politicians &apos; latitude in influencing macroeconomic policies .
beyond partnerships , international institutions add value-provided they are effectively organized , have realistic mandates , and contain members that are committed to common norms and aims .
this came after assad last september imposed an unconstitutional extension of lebanese president emile lahoud &apos;s mandate , despite french and american warnings .
malaria poses a unique challenge , owing in large part to africa &apos;s mosquito species , which are especially adept at transmitting the disease .
this is one reason performing artists in europe like public money -- it liberates them from a diet of only beethoven and mozart .
of course , these fears are accompanied by the hope that structural reforms and monetary expansion work in harmony , boosting employment and output without raising inflation by much .
the iraq war was an immense &quot; project , &quot; yet it now appears that the analysis of its benefits was greatly flawed and that of its costs virtually absent .
with proper leadership ( which unfortunately seems in short supply ) , today &apos;s milder hardships could provide an opportunity for public discussion of better ways of intergenerational risk sharing .
the longer energy prices remain at their current lofty levels , the greater the probability that inflationary expectations will increase and that second-round effects will materialize .
fifty years ago , on april 25 , 1953 , james watson and francis crick published a short letter in the science magazine nature .
but , more importantly , when private incomes fall , government social-welfare expenditures rise , sparking a recovery in demand , output , investment , and employment .
if true , drug-induced death would qualify as the fourth or fifth leading cause of death ( depending on which mortality estimates are used ) .
in fact , we can think of participatory democracy as a meta-institution that helps select among the &quot; menu &quot; of possible institutional arrangements in each area .
for it is not only morally wrong to leave nations and communities feeling marginalized and without voice ; it is a recipe for frustration , rage , and terrorism .
they are an enormous boon to low-income consumers , partly compensating for the tepid wage growth that many of them have suffered during the past two decades .
but the faith remained that detailed information about protein structure could be obtained from the x-ray patterns in some way , if only it could be discovered .
chances that it gets the budget approved this year are slim , and , unless the dispute is resolved soon , the union will not have an operational budget by 2007 .
they sprinkle their conversations with linguistic qualifiers that limit the reach of their arguments : <<unk>> but , &apos; <<unk>> however , &apos; <<unk>> although . &apos;
the pact is already knocking germany into recession , and italy &apos;s government is struggling to revise its growth forecasts fast enough to keep up with falling output .
these budgetary costs ( exclusive of interest ) amount to $ 652 billion in our conservative estimate and $ 799 billion in our moderate estimate .
nonetheless , current interest rates were described as &quot; still appropriate &quot; in october , signaling that the ecb has not yet reached a decision to bite the bullet .
gdp per working-age person in east germany had been 61 % of the west german level in 1996 , but it is now only 59 % .
likewise , almost everyone understands that while global warming might be a much smaller or larger problem than existing models suggest , this uncertainty is no excuse for inaction .
indian companies listed abroad can buy property in foreign countries , and resident firms will be allowed to pre-pay external commercial debt up to us $ 100 million .
it provides a forum in which to negotiate new trade liberalization agreements , seek remedies against protectionist and discriminatory policies , and resolve disputes with trading partners .
mobile phones , local wireless internet , and more paved roads could do much to break the economic isolation of africa &apos;s villages .
as bulgaria and romania come closer to membership , and with accession talks with turkey and croatia set to begin , it has become increasingly important to challenge that view .
in its place , an ugly new form of national populism is emerging across the plain that extends between bavaria and the danube .
the research noted the conditions and triggers needed to facilitate the self-assembly of small opportunistic groups and enable them to act like large companies .
several times before , schröder had been thoroughly energized by desperate situations when he stood with his back to the wall .
indeed , many ordinary people now view the us presence , and not north korea &apos;s communist regime , as the biggest obstacle to unification .
many observers nonetheless insist that those under criminal investigation should be released on bail instead of being kept in prison .
some non-democratic systems seem to evoke deeper support , because they are based on religious or national communal solidarity , and because closed societies minimize doubt , drift , and criticism .
although the current governing coalition , consisting of conservatives and populists , has been successful , the real reckoning for hungary &apos;s right may still be yet to come .
but the observable diffraction pattern--the intensities and positions of the individual reflections--represents only half of the data needed to deduce the structure of the diffracting object .
the second , paradoxically , reflects our growing cynicism towards politics and politicians . and the third is the result of our media culture , obsessed as it is with putting a &quot; face &quot; to events .
the french may have invented the hyper mart -- the forerunner of the big-box store -- but they never intended to let their growth go unchecked .
twenty-five years ago , poland &apos;s people were stunned by the choice of their compatriot , cardinal karol wojtyla of cracow , as pope .
of course , russia provides far more headline-grabbling examples of political and human rights problems , such as the low-grade war in chechnya or the yukos affair .
the fact that it provoked debate and dispute does not detract from the conviction shared by old and new member states that they had an obligation to rebuild the continent after 40 years of division .
though the syrian and iraqi baath parties were bitter foes , there was consolation in that both were members of a confederacy of despotisms .
but the world &apos;s great democracies--the us , india , the uk , and others--are increasingly adept at not allowing freely expressed opinions to constrain what the government does .
the collective response , adopted in 2000 , has been the &quot; lisbon strategy , &quot; which aims at making the eu &quot; the most dynamic and competitive knowledge-based economy in the world &quot; by 2010 .
but in a world where , as yeats said , &quot; and the best lack all conviction , while the worst are full of passionate intensity , &quot; it is worth trying .
in slovakia , where nationalist sentiments were an important political factor after 1989 , the political spectrum has not yet coalesced along standard right-left political axis .
but the planning for the iraq invasion , in which rumsfeld advocated the use of fewer troops than advised , suggests a poor understanding of distributed systems .
the lesson for india is that , in the event of a domestic or external shock , full convertibility could prove to be a costly , short-lived experiment .
the two-tier exchange-rate system acted as an export tax , but it did not survive for long , giving way to a unified exchange rate on the trade account .
the tone of ecb president jean-claude trichet &apos;s comments in the q &amp; a section of the press conference following the october meeting was unusually hawkish .
the sudden meltdown of apparently healthy economies served as a stark reminder that strong external liquidity should not be the driving force towards full convertibility .
the government &apos;s response to these efforts will be an important indicator of whether and to what extent putin &apos;s administration intends to include human and political rights within its so-called &quot; dictatorship of law . &quot;
in mathematical terms , it gives the amplitude , but not the phases--i.e. , the stages in an oscillatory motion--without which the atomic positions could not be determined .
californians , of course , won &apos;t be disenfranchised , but their willfulness threatens to yield a wayward and irresponsible form of state politics .
in latin america , about 15 % of the population -- roughly 76 million people -- do not have access to safe water , and 116 million people do not have access to sanitation services .
unfortunately , the host of the 2000 summit was josé manuel barroso , then prime minister of portugal and current president of the european commission , who has staked his presidency on the lisbon strategy .
by limiting strategic missile defense , the old treaty provides a certain predictability of deterrence for all nuclear weapon states .
should the extra &quot; global warming &quot; tax be $ 0.05 a gallon , $ 0.50 a gallon , or $ 1.50 a gallon ?
growing opposition to syrian hegemony in lebanon is but one of four related problems syria faces , all of which it has addressed inadequately .
others say that this is not an option in khodorkovsky &apos;s case - being very rich , he could easily jump bail and flee abroad .
to attempt negotiations under these circumstances would not only be an exercise in futility , but may merely deepen alienation and suspicion on both sides .
how it goes about this will not only effect india &apos;s economic development , but provide object lessons for china as it ponders convertibility in the years ahead .
the great breakthroughs of 1953 rested on the strength of experimental physics at cambridge , beginning in the late 19th century .
water infrastructure can and must be developed in parallel with sound institutions , good governance , great attention to the environment , and an equitable sharing of costs and benefits .
the confusion has been made complete by the existence of relatively strong nationalist and populist parties that use the numerous polish farmers as their electoral base .
west european economies have continued to grow -- albeit not as rapidly as they might have -- despite bearing the heavy burden of the unemployed 10 % or more of the labor force .
of the three tests so far conducted , one failed almost , two entirely , which is why president clinton left the matter to his successor .
this can be done by showing that the iraqis were simply hiding the evidence at sites visited by the inspectors and declared free of weapons .
in politics this can be dangerous , because it encourages basing decisions , no matter how weighty , on whatever popular opinion momentarily prevails .
both call upon latin american societies to invest more in their people , so that latin americans can join the cutting edge of global productivity .
badly managed infrastructure will do little to improve peoples &apos; health or support economic growth , so water development and water management must go hand in hand .
individuals can be involved for profit and power , or for political and religious reasons , while others participate for hate or thrills .
although marginally less bloated than the us deficit , other rich countries are drowning in red ink .
so pervasive is this tension , in fact , that any chance of even beginning the much-needed reconciliation process must now be pushed far into the future .
the most important strategic goal of my office is that people learn how to defend their rights better , and to make the authorities take the complaints of ordinary russians into consideration .
the bush administration &apos;s growing impatience with syrian involvement in the iraqi insurgency is a major reason for syria &apos;s deteriorating relationship with the us .
there should also be an explanation , if weapons of mass destruction are uncovered at other sites , as to why the inspectors could not have found such weapons in a realistic period of time .
this is the very meaning of the word &quot; solidarity , &quot; as defined in the oxford english dictionary : &quot; unity resulting from feelings and sympathies . &quot;
every time hans blix commented on the un inspections of iraq that he was conducting , members of the bush administration would paraphrase what blix said .
so the evolving report is usually put up on a web site and suggestions are invited from one and all--ngos , trade unions , and other organizations of civil society .
of course , it seemed to take somewhat longer for news of the extent of the disaster to reach the crawford , texas , ranch of president bush .
it is now the israeli left that , however reluctantly , <<unk>> es that sharon &apos;s new pragmatism may be the first step in the right direction .
in order to make the &quot; war &quot; paradigm fit , the bush administration alludes to al-qaeda as a centrally directed enemy .
the bush administration argues that , because the cold war is over , the formal disappearance of the abm treaty would not mean a loss of nuclear stability .
a major item of discussion in syria is the revival of islam as an alternative to a political and economic system offering few incentives except to regime grandees .
so it is no surprise that its figure of $ 500 billion ignores the lifetime disability and healthcare costs that the government will have to pay for years to come .
despite aids and the resurgence of malaria and tuberculosis , life expectancy has increased in much of the world due to improved public health systems .
that fight is not over , but after my intervention , moscow &apos;s authorities must take into account the public &apos;s negative attitude to their effort to quash this publication .
they will come later , and will depend on whether george bush and tony blair can justify their onslaught on a largely defenseless population .
they may have suspended their freedom of fiscal maneuver long enough to launch the euro , but in normal times , national governments will reclaim their fiscal turf .
second , the public &apos;s faith in glamorous international cities has increased with the explosive growth in global communications due to the internet and the cell phone .
first , youth may not take advantage of cheap tickets to the extent that they are not interested in going to hear live classical music at any price .
moreover , the government has encouraged the leaders of bosnia &apos;s republika srpska to threaten to hold their own referendum on separation from a still fragile bosnia .
both discoveries--dna structure and protein structure--were made at cambridge university &apos;s cavendish laboratory .
the paradox here is that he was the sound money crowd &apos;s candidate to head the ecb . - a different performances between the us and europe .
· penalties for drug companies &apos; failure to report and communicate safety information must be increased dramatically if they are to serve as effective deterrents ;
being extremely conservative , we estimate the overall effect on the economy if only $ 5 or $ 10 of the increase is attributed to the war .
but we must also establish an autonomous european military planning capacity , because the eu might need to lead its own operations , perhaps because nato is unwilling to .
it began well , when spanish voters approved the draft european union constitution , but it turned sour when french and dutch voters spurned it soon after .
the same will be true of how the world best addresses manmade climate change -- another of those seemingly intractable global problems .
the us is said to be extremely angry at syria &apos;s refusal to withdraw its forces from lebanon in line with a united nations resolution .
perhaps in part because of their strong anticommunist stance , the polish church and john paul ii are often branded as &quot; conservative . &quot;
although monetary growth is more than twice the rate of real gdp growth , the inflationary risk is probably low because substantial excess capacity exists .
however , lack of a strong opposition corrupted the political right , which splintered into various groupings that cannot find a common language .
they fail to see that american officials regard syria as complicit in the activities of islamist terrorist groups in the palestinian territories , iraq , and lebanon .
no surprise , then , that in germany -- where 50 years of sound money brought pride and economic success -- the euro &apos;s softness is worrying .
while the regulatory mechanisms of both kyoto and the european trading scheme have contributed to the establishment of an emerging market for carbon trading , interested parties are now concerned about the immediate future .
even though each new store takes away business from wal-mart stores established nearby , ever-improving supply efficiencies help maintain the chain &apos;s overall growth .
when the leaders of the world &apos;s richest nations gather in evian , france , one unasked question will dominate : what does america want in the world ?
above all , the success of any comprehensive effort to improve drug safety hinges upon establishing an independent office of drug safety to advocate , coordinate , and provide direction to the regulatory agenda .
yet no country , rich or poor , is keen to cut its energy use , owing to concern that to do so would threaten jobs , incomes , and economic growth .
this is good for europe , because it helps improve the allocation of capital and stimulates growth by transporting german savings to the remote and previously disadvantaged regions of the euro zone .
the world trade organization ( wto ) , supposedly run on the principle of one country one vote , actually has its agenda selected behind the stage by a small group of nations .
judging from the outcome of last month &apos;s meeting of the ecb &apos;s governing council , that &quot; ounce of prevention &quot; appears to be right around the corner for the euro-zone economy .
when a new kid arrived , accompanied by a doting mother , we could convey to one another with a mere glance that the kid would be an elé belé .
america has not won the hearts and minds of those in iraq ; indeed , it has lost them , just as it has lost the hearts and minds of much of the world .
it also brought to a sorry close the uk &apos;s six-month presidency of the european council , confirming britain &apos;s long-standing reputation as the odd-man-out in the european union .
democracy is government by debate , by taking important decisions after thorough deliberation of the kind that--at least in large countries--must be conducted in a parliament through elected representatives .
but that doesn &apos;t mean that issues involving the preservation of life ( or a way of life ) , like defense , should not be subjected to cool , hard economic analysis .
indeed , i could spend all my time in chechnya , but russia has 89 regions with countless human rights issues to address .
if they continue their explosive growth over the next 20 years , will americans someday come to regard their proliferation as a spectacular example of the failure to adopt region-wide blueprints for balanced growth ?
the result is large re-enlistment bonuses , improved benefits , and higher recruiting costs -- up 20 % just from 2003 to 2005 .
hungary &apos;s political right has suffered mainly from differences between conservative and populist forces on the one hand , and traditional , mainly urban , liberals on the other .
no one in his right mind can assume that something never achieved before , namely destroying a small number of warheads in flight , will happen over night .
with the world focused on iraq , north korea , and a possible clash with iran over nuclear weapons , kosovo has fallen off the radar screen .
the accountants who compute government deficits try to keep politicians from fooling us into accepting the benefits they offer without understanding something of the future cost .
most countries have recognized this , coming together in rio and kyoto to do something about it <<unk>> not enough , but the kyoto protocol was intended only as a start .
moreover , infighting among the socialists has dented one of their biggest political advantages : the hard-headed discipline and political professionalism inherited from their communist days .
already , &quot; hybrid &quot; automobiles , which combine gasoline and battery power , can roughly double fuel efficiency , cutting carbon dioxide emissions by half .
today , economists are similarly troubled by unwanted ghosts , as they ponder the reappearance of economic ills long thought buried and dead .
many of us believe that such an impossible wager can be fulfilled only by a providential man , with all the hopes -- and dangers -- that this entails .
serbian politics will be chaotic and unstable for the foreseeable future , and serbian politicians will attempt to present this as an excuse to avoid facing the loss of kosovo .
it is curious how many people seem to think that the us will grow faster than europe and japan over the next ten years simply because it has done so for the past ten years .
democracy , he hinted more ominously , would enable him to &quot; eliminate &quot; --he did not dwell on the exact meaning of the word--those who did not .
at least , that is what we should do , if our actions are based on some moral principle , rather than that of leonid brezhnev : what we have , we hold .
but it is easier because once those constraints are appropriately targeted , relatively simple policy changes can yield enormous economic payoffs and start a virtuous cycle of growth and institutional reform .
at the same time , the ecb does not need to go nearly as far as the fed , which has raised interest rates in increments of 25 basis points at 12 consecutive meetings , with still more to come .
just as people increasingly admire international celebrities , so they believe that world famous centers of business , technology , and culture - whose names are household words to people everywhere - are uniquely valuable .
last september , the us , together with france , sponsored un security council resolution 1559 demanding a syrian pullout and the disarming of militias -- mainly hezbollah .
germany has recently been overtaken in terms of per capita income by several eu countries , including ireland , the uk , the netherlands , and france , and is still growing more slowly than all of them .
in germany , the electorate seems poised to eject chancellor gerhard schroeder out of discontent with his tepid allegiance to the neo-liberal project .
what happened in iraq should not be over <<unk>> interpreted as a rigid template for us policy toward countries that pursue weapons of mass destruction , support terrorism , or deny people liberty .
to date , over $ 1 billion dollars in global environment facility ( gef ) grants , together with about $ 8 billion in co-financing , have been committed to programs related to climate change .
whenever proposals have surfaced for some sort of balanced-budget amendment to the us constitution , proponents have typically included exemptions not just for war , but also for recessions .
they have embraced the elé belé strategy : let people believe that their opinion counts , that they are participating in their nation &apos;s decision making , while keeping them out of the real game .
the natural course of history in the most optimistic sense is progress &quot; at the margin , &quot; but the rapid pace of technological change is pushing us to expect equally rapid progress in human affairs .
it is unrealistic to ask poor countries , where more than 1.6 billion people do not have access to clean energy and technologies , to bear the costs associated with the much needed technological change .
democracy &apos;s values may be one-sided on behalf of individual rights , but this has also made them universal , legitimizing the struggle against oppression , wherever it is played out .
one theory , endorsed by the head of germany &apos;s ruling social democratic party , franz müntefering , is that germany is already where the others still want to be .
everything is viewed as politics and votes , not as technical problems requiring technological expertise , which is why africa &apos;s poverty is so often attributed to corruption rather than to ecological challenges .
these judgments vary , depending on whether they are made by a drug company , which stands to benefit from sales , or a patient at risk of suffering a serious adverse effect .
what remains are the values linked to the global order , defense of which requires leading by example , not by narrow , legalistic initiatives aimed at crisis management or conflict resolution .
the euro &apos;s problems , however , are not spawned in such supposed soft money countries as france or italy , greece or spain -- to round up the usual suspects .
hedgehogs are big-idea thinkers in love with grand theories : libertarianism , marxism , environmentalism , etc .
the third shock was the euro , which has induced a rapid convergence of long-term interest rates , which in some countries had been five to seven percentage points above the german level .
surveys undertaken by the world bank in developing countries show that , when poor people are asked to name the three most important concerns they face , &quot; good health &quot; is always mentioned .
if president bush , as he has hinted , now favors a different design , it will take even more time to develop the architecture and devise a test program .
according to a recent poll , only 54.8 % of koreans now support the stationing of american troops in the country , while 31.7 % oppose it .
for three years , america &apos;s president has pursued a unilateralist agenda , ignoring all evidence that contradicts his positions , and putting aside basic and longstanding american principles .
lightly populated australia offered more than twice america &apos;s assistance , japan promised almost 50 % more , and europe pledged more than five times as much .
as for the eu , it must decide whether it wants to be a closed &quot; christian club &quot; or an open and inclusive society , drawing strength from cultural and religious diversity .
negotiations this year in vienna , brokered by the united nations , showed that an agreed settlement between serbia and kosovo on &quot; final status &quot; will not happen .
yet rather than address the front &apos;s demands and shape a healthy bilateral relationship between equal countries , syria has sought to divide the opposition and reassert control .
the few instances of success occurred in countries that marched to their own drummers--and that are hardly poster children for neoliberalism .
but if our civilization is worth defending , why is it that fundamentalists , of whatever stripe , have the most committed fighters on their side ?
as a legitimate iraqi authority emerges following the elections , the syrians will have to show foresight in jettisoning their pro-saddam acquaintances .
adolf hitler minted this strategy when he dismantled czechoslovakia--supposedly in defense of the sudeten germans--and later when he invaded my homeland , poland .
in no small measure , the failures of globalization can be traced to the same mindset that led to the failures in iraq : multilateral institutions must serve not just one country &apos;s interest , but all countries &apos; .
but the challenge is to provide an alternative set of policy guidelines for promoting development , without falling into the trap of promulgating yet another impractical blueprint , supposedly right for all countries at all times .
but in addition to today &apos;s officially measured government deficits , there are also other looming obligations caused by a demographic change ( declining birth rates ) and the prospect of huge social-welfare payments in the future .
the last time an american government tried to ensure a balanced budget in the face of a recession was over seventy years ago , during the presidency of herbert hoover at the outset of the great depression .
historically , housing prices have shown a lot of momentum , and prices in all these cities are still going up at a brisk rate , though usually somewhat slower than a year or more ago .
in 1998 , i visited central asia &apos;s former soviet republics for talks--concerning the democratic development that was--or should have been--taking place in those newly independent countries .
average annual per capita incomes in the us , japan , and western europe are currently around $ 40,000 , and less than $ 6,000 for the poorer half of the world &apos;s population .
but many commentators believe that they were protesting against what they perceived as the precipitate admission of ten new member states , mainly much poorer countries from central and eastern europe .
some of these changes are important , but the role of the rich countries has been lopsided , focusing on everything except how to finance and introduce practical technologies to solve practical problems .
while corrosive immobility is a trademark of the syrian regime , these challenges threaten to reinforce each other and marginalize syria internationally even more so than today .
second , even if they do want to go , they may not be able to get seats , which often are not available because subscriptions stay in the same hands year after year .
this policy has deeply divided israel : the settlers -- mostly , but not exclusively religious -- feel betrayed by sharon , &quot; the father of the settlements . &quot;
so why were these two foundation stones of the revolution in biology and medicine that dominated science in the second half of the 20th century uncovered in a british physics lab ?
different policies-tailored for local , regional , and international realities-will be needed to meet the challenges posed by north korea , iran , syria , or elsewhere .
democracy , in the words of the philosopher karl popper , is about being able to remove those in power without violence ; it is in this sense about trial and error .
not all exceptional periods create their bonapartes , and this is probably a good thing , for exceptional leaders may give the illusion that all problems have solutions , which is far from true .
max perutz , a chemistry graduate from vienna , arrived in cambridge in 1935 to work as a graduate student with bernal .
excluded and facing bleak life prospects , young people , in particular , often experience anomie and may turn to anti-social behavior , including violence .
this would require increasing investments in energy research and development for new and improved technologies -- a process that needs to be supported by stronger public-private partnerships .
if so , pundits might adapt to accountability by showing more humility , and political debate might begin to sound less shrill .
it was supposed to dethrone the dollar or , at least , challenge american financial hegemony .
in germany , the chancellor holds the strongest position among the key political players .
but in the world &apos;s most advanced countries , the promise of material prosperity that freedom made possible has long since replaced attention to and defense of fundamental democratic values as the cement of society .
in france , the debate has stalled altogether due to bitter distributive conflicts , deep division within the left , and the right &apos;s absence of an economic and social vision .
that promising development is being endangered by a fevered electoral nationalism which seeks to gain votes by promising to reopen old wounds and settle old scores .
the right response here would be to use the costs associated with new members as an excuse to abolish eu subsidies and anti-market mechanisms and so create a bigger , better market .
intra-european competition in services is restricted by innumerable national regulations that , for instance , strictly determine the requirements for becoming a hairdresser or a plumber .
pundits who make it into newspaper opinion pages or onto television and radio must have good track records ; otherwise , they would have been weeded out .
the rate of price growth in london and new york slowed sharply over the past year , to only about a 1 % real increase in the second quarter of 2004 .
the september 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in the united states allegedly changed everything - not only international relations , but the balance between rights and obligations that we long took for granted .
moreover , the euro &apos;s continued softness has rekindled fears that german financial stability is being undermined by partnership with countries with no tradition of sound money .
consider the many second generation indian and pakistani britons who are now seen in business suits carrying laptop computers and flying around the world .
inflating this political damage is the fact that , thirty years ago , the us and the then soviet union renounced effective defense against strategic nuclear missiles .
talks continue , but , as un negotiator and former finnish president martti ahtisaari diplomatically told the security council , they are effectively dead .
europe has no trouble seeing the dangers of unilateralism in america &apos;s actions , in everything from abandoning kyoto to its refusal to join the international criminal court .
the main political battles occur between nationalist / populist forces , whose outlook have in essence been undemocratic , and forces that struggle for standard democracy .
in the interest of reducing the blow to serbia , the security council must avoid granting independence in ways that are so contorted that the new state cannot effectively function .
as in so many other ways , things have turned out differently : the oil companies are the big winners , while the american and global economies are losers .
latin america may be known for its &quot; macho &quot; culture , but women increasingly participate in the labor force and attain prominent political and social positions .
our pension systems and our national budgets must be based on a <<unk>> <<unk>> generational accounting &apos; &apos; that assures that economic risk is spread systematically across generations .
human mobility is limited , and turkey workers &apos; would probably be allowed to move freely within the eu only after a long transition period , possibly not before 2025 .
such adjustments will probably happen anyway in the coming decades , but only after a long lag and with many inequities in the process .
second , again as the <<unk>> tics warned , over-claimers rarely pay penalties for being wrong .
love them or hate them , what is undeniable is that wal-mart is the quintessential example of the costs and benefits of modern globalization .
in the past , the big loser from the eu system , in budgetary terms , was the uk ; for while agriculture accounted for two thirds of all eu spending , the uk had a small farm sector , and therefore received small farm payments .
in various surveys , significant segments of central european electorates describe themselves as <<unk>> <<unk>> rightist , &apos; &apos; but years of communist paternalism pushed the region &apos;s political center of gravity firmly to the left .
as the united nations-appointed ombudsperson in kosovo for the past five years , i have had the unique opportunity to observe the aftereffects of that doctrine following nato &apos;s intervention in the former yugoslavia in 1999 .
on defense and security matters , the eu &apos;s security doctrine provides a great opportunity to build on our common worries : terrorism and non-proliferation , but also the need to ensure sustainable development in all quarters of the world .
in germany , chancellor angela merkel is obviously more positive on europe and more pro-reform than her predecessor , but she is tied up in a grand coalition .
bernal and dorothy crowfoot ( later hodgkin ) obtained patterns of the dry crystals , as astbury had , and with similarly disappointing results .
its tasks in this area were affirmed in the 1948 universal declaration of human rights and the 1975 helsinki accords , which give human rights legal supremacy over the sovereignty of individual states .
indeed , the combined size of the candidate countries &apos; economies is so small--around 6 % of the enlarged eu &apos;s gdp--that they cannot possibly exert any significant effect on the euro .
the result , beyond the health benefits for all , has been a proven record of economic growth ; one only has to look at investment in hydropower to see the positive impact of water management projects on many economies .
france &apos;s opposition to syria &apos;s presence in lebanon was at least partly a reflection of disenchantment with assad &apos;s reformist ambitions , and the european union has expressed similar reservations .
up to now , with only 15 % of the world &apos;s population , rich countries have been responsible for more than 75 % of global carbon dioxide ( co2 ) emissions , and thus most of the environmental damage .
by announcing its determination to go ahead with a distant nmd , the us has created political turbulence which it must address now if major damage is to be avoided .
the crash in equity prices since 2000 in most countries has made financial assets look less secure , spurring a &quot; flight to quality &quot; - in this case , housing .
argentina , chile , and other countries could become high-tech agricultural producers , in the forefront of agro-biotechnology for example , if they put their minds to it .
this lack of foresight about and planning for the aftermath of armed intervention is not only dangerous to the people who have ostensibly been &quot; saved &quot; ; it is counterproductive .
growth in much of the world during the past quarter-century has been slower than in the previous 25 years , despite more rapid growth in east asia , india , and a few other countries .
that means facing down the myriad interest groups -- from industry lobbies to trade unions and entrenched bureaucracies -- that have ( so far ) successfully protected their turfs .
but today we must move away from fascination and gratitude and realize that the pursuit of european integration remains in the best interest of the us , which has supported it for 50 years .
they pose a particular challenge in the developing world , where a demographic bulge equal to the great &quot; baby boom &quot; that occurred in the west at the end of world war ii is growing .
he is a conservative who loves freedom and a &quot; peacemonger &quot; who condemns injustice , but who reminds us that mercy is more important than justice .
indeed , organizations that are officially committed to involving all nations in their decision making are often controlled by small groups of powerful nations , while others merely go through the motions of participation .
this underscores the importance for india &apos;s financial stability of successful management of the capital account ( monitoring inflows and outflows ) following any move toward full convertibility .
western citizens do not rush to emulate the freedom fighters who built their world , despite celebrations , memorials , and the persistence of oppression .
government stipends for tuition and for new and enlarged universities can play a big role , as can investment in computers and information technology in schools and communities .
in fact , uncertainty about global climate change should lead us to do more to guard against it than if we knew it would proceed exactly according to the central-case projections .
the madrid , london , and bali attacks , as well as several thwarted operations in the united states and britain , were all characterized by their dispersed organization .
now is the time to start thinking about how to engage all nations , including large emitters , in conversations about what to do after the treaty &apos;s expiration in 2012 .
despite occasional grumbles from politicians , no one seriously doubts the european central bank &apos;s independence , or that monetary policy within the euro zone is therefore well insulated from political pressures .
the first has been around for centuries : the social divisions that trace their origins back to the european conquest over native americans in the sixteenth century .
as it is , the ecb and the european commission are de facto supporting the positions of populist governments in eastern europe that are already spending the funds they hope to get in the future from the eu .
it distracts the ecb , adds to the impression that europe is bad , and , more importantly , will be used by ineffective governments as a scapegoat for their failings .
our over <<unk>> riding goal should be to create a world in which governments , organizations , and peoples embrace arrangements that allow them to realize their shared interests and that reflect fundamental universal values .
a second major advance came a few months later , when max perutz discovered a technique to determine the structures of large molecules like myoglobin and hemoglobin .
for now , korean voters--apparently impervious to the threat that north korea &apos;s nuclear weapons poses--support roh &apos;s policy of maintaining dialogue and economic exchange with the north .
two of the three psychological causes suggest continued upward momentum in housing prices , while the third suggests that the momentum will come to an end some day , but does not pinpoint when .
we are all allies of the us ; our draft constitution restates the importance of the nato link ; our strategy for growth and our contribution to global stability depend on the irreplaceable nature of our relationship with america .
on the other hand , critics point out that the world today is poor : average annual gdp per capita at purchasing power parity is roughly $ 7,000 .
then , in auschwitz , the pope said : &quot; i speak in the name of everyone whose rights go unrecognized and violated anywhere in the world , i speak because i am bound , we are all bound , by truth . &quot;
india &apos;s political boldness in seeking peace with pakistan in their half-century twilight struggle for kashmir may soon be matched by economic moves equally as daring .
even citizens who prize accuracy have little way of knowing that they are sacrificing it when they switch channels from boring foxes to charismatic hedgehogs .
bush and blair talked repeatedly about stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction , massive underground and mobile units to produce or launch such weapons , and active programs to obtain nuclear weapons .
first , as the <<unk>> tics warned , when hordes of pundits are jostling for the limelight , many are tempted to claim that they know more than they do .
throughout the developing world , governments urgently need to devise the right mix of investments and policies to encourage their young people to get an education , find work , stay healthy , form families , and exercise citizenship .
in particular , voters were afraid that their jobs would be lost to hordes of eastern immigrants , exemplified in the image widely quoted at the time , of the low-cost polish plumber .
premier orban &apos;s semi-successful efforts to unify the right under the banner of fidesz are unique among eastern europe &apos;s fractured and fractious rightist parties .
prices in glamour cities are likely to drop sharply the next time there is a serious recession , or if the local economy suffers a severe shock , or if interest rates rise too fast .
but it did the same for andrei sakharov and vaclav havel , who defended their supreme values with reference to , and in the language of , lay humanism .
this is especially important for indonesia , which must service a debt of $ 132 billion ( of which $ 70 billion is owed to public creditors or guaranteed by government agencies ) .
since then the broad consensus in the us has been that cyclical economic distress requires the use of budget deficits to ameliorate suffering , stimulate aggregate demand , and hasten recovery .
such values animated the fight against nazi and soviet totalitarianism , fascism , and military dictatorship ; in their name , decolonization was achieved , and minorities gained equality and dignity .
given the long lead time between project preparation and the first benefits of emissions reductions , project developers have only a few years to act before carbon payments cease to make a meaningful contribution to project finance in the current context .
in short , if the world &apos;s rich are stingy today toward our much richer descendants , and if we want to leave our environmental mess to them to deal with , we should be lavish toward the world &apos;s poor .
part of what happened--or , rather what didn &apos;t happen--is admirable : almost no effort was made to muzzle criticism of the government , as happens in china and scores of dictatorial countries .
the problem of identity is made even worse by the fact that most central european nations , where nation-building was retarded by communism , easily succumb to nationalist sentiments that in turn are misused by some politicians .
because political intentions , not technical capabilities matter , nmd creates problems now : it pushes russia into confrontation , heightens chinese nervousness , and underpins a european sense of estrangement from the us .
among them , as well as among the palestinians , one hears the hope that after the gaza withdrawal , it will be possible to return to the road map and to resume negotiations leading to a final agreement between israel and the palestinians .
similarly , my office defended the liberal weekly newspaper novoe vremya ( new times ) , which was being pressured by moscow &apos;s city government on the pretext of a commercial dispute about a lease .
in charles dicken &apos;s great novel &quot; a christmas carol , &quot; the soulless businessman ebeneezer scrooge is tormented by a visit from the spirit of christmas past .
meanwhile , italy must decide whether it replaces prime minister silvio berlusconi , who displayed no interest in reform and european affairs , with the cautious romano prodi , the former european commission president .
we can see this process in sharp relief when , following the philosopher sir isaiah berlin , we classify experts as &quot; hedgehogs &quot; or &quot; foxes . &quot;
like alexander solzhenitsyn , the pope tends to believe that it was above all in resistance to totalitarianism that man could become truly free and preserve the fundamental values of civilization .
some members of the security council -- particularly russia and china -- are opposed to or <<unk>> tical of an imposed settlement , and few governments favor dividing up another country &apos;s territory , however compelling the circumstances .
nations could set the more ambitious goal of limiting the long-term change in the earth &apos;s temperature , and then assign emissions rights among countries in such a way that will eventually limit temperature increases to an acceptable level .
but the post-war era in the world &apos;s most developed countries was one of unprecedented prosperity for the baby boom generation , which is now nearing retirement .
such apathy makes my task as russia &apos;s ombudsman , an office charged by the state duma ( parliament ) with protecting political rights in russia , difficult , if not impossible .
initially , even currency boards were considered unacceptable , although , as is often the case in europe , exceptions were made : countries with currency boards could keep them after entry into the eu .
our analysis starts with the $ 500 billion that the congressional budget office openly talks about , which is still ten times higher than what the administration said the war would cost .
the result was the fixed-but-adjustable exchange rate system of bretton woods , which over time mutated into the floating-rate system of the 1980s .
three of them--estonia , latvia , and lithuania--have currency boards or a fixed exchange rate with the euro , as does bulgaria , which is expected to enter the eu in 2007 .
africa &apos;s farmers produce roughly one-third or less food per hectare of farmland than their counterparts around the world , resulting in massive hunger , which is exacerbated by a heavy disease burden .
ethiopia &apos;s development potential is closely tied to seasonal rains , so high rainfall variation , together with lack of infrastructure , has undermined growth and perpetuated poverty .
it is incumbent upon bush and blair to prove their case , and to prove it in the face of worldwide suspicion that the us and uk security agencies might plant phony evidence .
for the people of poland , john paul ii , by making human rights the central subject of his teaching , will forever be the man who gave us courage and hope , who restored our historical identity .
all of us can recall collective decision-making situations--a selection committee , a team for drafting rules--where some members were elé belés . all of us have been elé belés at one time or another , though we may not be aware of it .
so , for 20 years it has seemed to me that western europe &apos;s underlying political equilibrium -- corporatist bargaining and ample social insurance , on the one hand , and tight monetary policies , on the other -- must crack .
politicians -- like jacques chirac in france , silvio berlusconi in italy , and ecofin ( the finance ministers of the european union &apos;s member states ) -- continue to press for fixed , even lower , interest rates .
in addition , contrary to the promises of its proponents , financial liberalization has actually resulted in net capital flows from the capital-poor to the capital-rich over the long term , while increasing financial volatility and weakening economic activity .
a water investment policy that reduces the vulnerability of the poor and offers basic water security for all will require customized planning and an effective partnership of donor countries , developing country governments , the private sector , and local communities .
the french rejected the european union constitution , primarily -- or so it appears -- because further european integration , it is feared , must bring in its wake the huge costs and disruptions of neo-liberalism .
but in the real world -- and cyprus , bosnia , and kosovo may be examples -- stabilization and the slow de-escalation of violence can sometimes achieve the same end , even without formal agreement .
the first temptation , characteristic of frightened societies , is a rush to embrace so-called &quot; traditional &quot; values , with their implications of withdrawal , closure , intolerance , and even hatred .
several countries now facilitate access to secondary schooling , in particular through &quot; conditional cash transfer programs , &quot; which offer a stipend to poor families whose children regularly attend school .
it reduced the ability of businesses and banks to service their debt , and might trigger a chain of big bankruptcies that would destroy confidence in the financial system , providing further incentives to hoard .
better a 50-basis-point increase now -- thereby allowing the economic recovery to continue by keeping inflation in check -- than triple or quadruple that figure down the road .
on all of these issues , the gulf between the israeli and palestinian positions has not narrowed since the failed negotiations at camp david in 2000 , while fear and distrust have increased .
one way to overcome this chasm is to introduce into the un charter a new chapter devoted to human rights and to reformulate chapter iv , which concerns the use of force in international relations .
in iraq , the us used force as a last resort , against a country with a clear record of aggression , and after a large degree of international consensus had developed about what iraq needed to do .
but what seems clear is that the ecb used the october press conference to warn politicians , trade unions , and the markets that its long period of monetary-policy inactivity is coming to an end .
but now the 25 member states must deal with the financial consequences of that enlargement , not just in the overall size of the european union budget for the next seven years , but in who pays and who benefits .
in economic matters , disagreements on , say , a single eu regulation should not be allowed to mask the fact that no member state , new or old , has ever contested the internal market .
the sanguine view is that as long as those selling expertise compete vigorously for the attention of discriminating buyers ( the mass media ) , market mechanisms will assure quality control .
it was not long ago that a republican congress held up $ 1 billion of un dues , and threatened that it would only pay what it owed if the un satisfied a raft of conditions .
more than 80 % of children now attend primary school , up from 50 % in 1970 , and infant mortality has fallen from more than 10 % to 6.5 % over the same period .
such specificity helps explain why successful countries--china , india , south korea , and taiwan , among others--usually combined unorthodox elements with orthodox policies .
indeed , his new interior minister , ghazi kanaan , an old-school hardliner , spearheaded a crackdown on reformers and kurds in the past year or so .
countries can either harness this growth -- and in so doing , transform their development prospects -- or face the risk of an alienated generation embittered by the unfulfilled chance of a better future .
unless a humanitarian intervention is structured in such a way that it guarantees basic security , the underlying antagonisms that inspired the intervention in the first place will merely be reinforced , not diminished .
on a recent visit to africa , a senior agricultural scientist said that in today &apos;s world , the scientist is closer than ever before to the farmer , but farther away than ever from the policymakers .
in france , president jacques chirac , the epitome of a leader captured by his lobbies , is staggering impotently toward the end of his term in 2007 .
an unprecedented degree of solidarity now exists across europe , as was apparent in the collective mourning and outpouring of sympathy towards spain ; we must build on that huge potential to create a logic of solidarity in the world .
the bush administration once claimed that the iraq war would be good for the economy , with one spokesperson even suggesting that it was the best way to ensure low oil prices .
the entrepreneur who makes the initial &quot; discovery &quot; can capture only a small part of the social value that this knowledge generates , as other entrepreneurs will quickly emulate him .
according to a recent world bank-supported survey of companies interested in carbon finance , only one in five respondents declared that they were interested in buying post-2012 emissions reductions .
french and british leaders engaged in a heated quarrel that derailed the subsequent summit , before britain assumed the rotating six-month eu presidency in july .
still , latin american countries have not yet tried to foster a technological revolution , certainly not with the focus , skill , commitment , and financing that asian countries have shown .
if history matters , it matters most significantly in this : those who have shown that they can be pushed around will be pushed around again .
müntefering , however , is more attached to traditional social democratic ( or old labour ) values .
his style and rhetoric projected the fresh ( for korea ! ) image of a common man committed to eliminating the ossified networks of cronyism and corruption .
the euro will , also in time , deploy important economic benefits making europe more integrated with better financial markets and lower transactions costs for cross-border business .
having deduced the presence of polypeptide chains , astbury continued to pursue his pioneering studies of their configurations in fibrous proteins .
but america &apos;s automakers love their gas-guzzlers , and bush &apos;s oil industry pals want no interference with their destruction of the planet &apos;s atmosphere .
<<unk>> tics , however , warn that the mass media dictate the voices we hear and are less interested in reasoned debate than in catering to popular prejudices .
yemen , for its part , has no perennial surface water ; its citizens depend entirely on rainfall , groundwater , and flash flooding .
they are comfortable with protracted uncertainty about who is right even in bitter debates , conceding gaps in their knowledge and granting legitimacy to opposing views .
granted , rich countries have a certain advantage : they benefit from generally moderate climates , with regular rainfall and relatively low risks of drought and flooding .
the most important determinant of income inequality today is wealth inequality , with the increasing concentration of asset ownership in recent years principally responsible for greater income inequality in most countries .
they can begin by viewing accession countries &apos; early adoption of the euro more favorably , both for countries with a currency board and for those with floating exchange rates .
many governments were initially <<unk>> tical about disengagement , but realized that -- as the washington saying goes -- &quot; this is the only game in town . &quot;
john paul ii undoubtedly keeps a distance from liberal economic ideas and the liberal state , which he often charges with permissiveness and moral relativism .
its problems originate in the communist era , when a trade union movement , which under normal circumstances should stand to the political left , became the main anti-communist opposition .
it arose initially outside established international institutions and the un system , originating with the french group , doctors without borders , which deemed human rights to be a value superior to national sovereignty .
as a result , various political groups associated with the solidarity trade union movement have , since communism &apos;s fall , aspired to represent the political right , confusing the terms of political discourse .
we estimate that if a proportion of that money had been allocated to domestic investment in roads , schools , and research , the american economy would have been stimulated more in the short run , and its growth would have been enhanced in the long run .
if the security council fails to reach a decision on final status , it will produce a grave situation : kosovo would declare independence unilaterally , and all nations would have to make up their mind whether or not to recognize the new state .
in france for example , the overly flattering commemoration of president françois mitterrand &apos;s death ten years ago primarily reflects widespread disillusion with his successor , jacques chirac .
since 1991 india has been travelling on a path from rupee devaluation to full convertibility , with the reserve bank of india ( rbi ) relaxing a range of foreign-exchange controls .
two right-wing parties have left his ruling coalition , he has lost his majority within his own li<<unk>> party , and his finance minister , binyamin netanyahu , has quit his government .
the emergence of an embryonic &quot; world civil society &quot; heightens demand for universal and charismatic figures , holding out the hope of global accountability , but also carrying populist overtones .
in fact , one may wonder if the world has made of sharon a providential man because it wanted so much to believe that there was still &quot; hope around the corner &quot; in the middle east .
in a world searching for providential leaders , the case of ariel sharon is both symbolic and paradoxical , for this universal man remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades .
since the early 1980 &apos;s , latin america has been stuck , with per capita incomes growing slowly ( if at all ) in most of the region , and with one big crisis following another .
the american people have been treated to a spectacle of jingoism , fear mongering , confusion of iraq with osama bin laden &apos;s terrorists , and simple patriotism .
various rightist parties failed to decide whether the modus operandi on the political right should be traditional western ideologies or a hungarian brand of nationalist conservatism and populism .
this theory recalls that of the british historian arnold toynbee , according to which empires collapse because they are unable to react to external challenges .
in 2003 alone , almost 40,000 social democrats left their party , a hemorrhaging previously unheard of .
developing infrastructure projects is a long process that requires 3-7 years from identification , through licensing , financing , and construction , and finally to the first certification of carbon emission reductions .
the council should be made explicitly responsible for &quot; human security &quot; and be given a responsibility to protect it , in addition to its current role in safeguarding more traditional notions of international security .
the bush administration &apos;s face-saving rhetoric that it had rushed to push together the core group in the absence of other efforts was quietly let to pass .
by contrast , even latin america &apos;s star performer , chile , remains largely a resource-based export economy , with a heavy concentration in copper and agricultural exports .
the bush administration still uses the phrase &quot; war on terror &quot; and behaves as though it really is a war , the ordinary kind where one government fights another .
the test is not whether traces of those weapons remain , as such traces will be found at disposal sites , but whether those weapons were poised for use in threatening amounts .
the big question for europeans is whether they can find ways to exploit some of the efficiency gains embodied by the wal-mart model without being overrun by it .
this requires more funding , which should come from the main beneficiary of drug sales -- the pharmaceutical industry -- just as oversight of aviation safety is funded by the airlines .
northern european countries--particularly germany and the netherlands--prided themselves on traditionally maintaining moderate debt-to-gdp ratios and relatively low interest rates .
they ruminated over the most recent economic forecast , which projects annual gdp growth in the euro zone this year at a pathetically anemic 0.7 % .
health conditions are reasonably good , and all latin american countries have made headway against illiteracy , with most reaching 90 % adult literacy or higher .
twenty-five years after john paul ii left poland for rome , we poles remain grateful to him for having helped us regain our freedom .
now , with countless private interest groups trying to water it down into irrelevance , the battle will be firmly on the eu &apos;s agenda in 2006 .
when you buy a car from general motors , 80 cents from each dollar goes to gm , which mostly only manages itself .
as herbert hoover could attest , when we see only the economic policy problems of a generation ago , we risk missing the hazards that lie directly in front of our eyes .
but if those who built the post-world war ii international monetary system worked to guard against the dangers posed by panic-driven international financial crises , why are these financial devils back ?
the last weeks have seen massive demonstrations , some of them verging on violence ; many of the settlers have declared that they will not obey government orders to evacuate .
when politicians can control inflation by exercising decisive sway over central banks , they can use their power to devalue the burden of public debt , avoiding the need for more taxation to pay it off .
whereas americans depend upon tax-deductible private donations and box office receipts to finance live classical music , europeans prefer direct government support for the arts .
the downside risk of capital-account liberalization , after all , is higher exchange-rate volatility , and even countries with sound liquidity positions could not prevent a run on their reserves .
the problem is that the electorate will then get four years of rule by a chancellor , angela merkel , whose commitment to the neo-liberal project is almost as strong as mine .
the failure of the annan plan for cyprus suggests that good intentions are not enough -- and the disagreements in cyprus were miniscule compared to what divides israelis and palestinians .
if and when britain votes on joining the euro , the result will most likely tell us all sorts of things about tony blair and about the european union , but little about the merits of the common currency .
in public , all contact group members have tried to leave the question of kosovo &apos;s final status open , but informally the us and some of its allies have told the two parties that they will propose independence this year .
based on extrapolation of growth trends , it looks safe to predict that prices will go up substantially in most of these places for another year or more , even as the rate of increase continues to decline .
with simpler structures made up of small numbers of atoms , chemistry could provide considerable guidance as to the atomic arrangements , and a solution could thus often be found by trial and error .
due to the economies of scale that the common market made possible , nokia was able to exploit its inventions fully , while germany &apos;s siemens recently decided to give up on the mobile phone market .
our views will change as we learn more , but at the moment the size of the tax hinges on a question of moral philosophy : how much do we believe we owe our distant descendents ?
ironically , extensive research into alternative models was funded through the us department of defense , which , as the world &apos;s largest buyer of complex machinery , wanted better , cheaper and more tailored goods .
given the terrible costs , i hope that this war will prove justified , though i have my doubts based on the current evidence .
flexible exchange rates , designed to allow the market to signal when confidence in the currency is declining , also put exporters at a competitive disadvantage against foreign-country producers whose prices aren &apos;t batted around by unpredictable exchange rates .
shortly before the current iraq war , when bush administration economist larry lindsey suggested that the costs might range between $ 100 and $ 200 billion , other officials quickly demurred .
north korea &apos;s decision to expel un atomic energy inspectors is but another reason to view roh moo hyun &apos;s election as south korea &apos;s president two weeks ago as an historical watershed .
daniel barenboim is rumored to have left the chicago symphony orchestra in part because he objected to the fundraising demands that were being made of him .
so the european commission should stop fighting a rearguard battle that merely weakens its credibility , especially in the eyes of small countries , which are the only ones that can be bullied into accepting unwanted fiscal rules .
every day , experts bombard us with their views on topics as varied as iraqi insurgents , bolivian coca growers , european central bankers , and north korea &apos;s politburo .
the eu &apos;s problems are stagnant output , high structural unemployment , weak productivity growth , the wasteful and unfair common agricultural policy ( cap ) , and the forthcoming structural adjustments from the expansion of the eu itself .
that is why syria &apos;s denials that it is playing a spoiler role in iraq are rarely taken seriously , and why assad has not gained american support for renewed negotiations with israel over the golan heights .
the scientific revolution was made possible by the printing press , the industrial revolution by the steam engine , and india &apos;s escape from famine by increased farm yields -- the so-called &quot; green revolution . &quot;
but they are exceptions : the cumulative impact of these reforms over the past 25 years has been greater inequality in most developed and developing countries , with rising unemployment , greater earnings disparities , reduced social protection , and environmental degradation .
these countries saw that southern european countries--italy and greece were the biggest worries--traditionally had high debt-to-gdp ratios and relatively high nominal interest rates because of their perceived tolerance of inflation .
similarly , in kosovo the international community has devoted little time to helping former combatants contemplate their collective responsibility for atrocities , no matter how direct or indirect their personal involvement .
these can all potentially be designed to improve and expand water supplies for power generation , irrigation , and household and industrial use , while providing security against droughts and protection from floods .
despite the fact the region is still recovering from decades of communist mismanagement , the political right &apos;s fragmentation helped the political left , in some cases represented by former communists , to win democratic elections regularly .
some members of the opposition in germany would dearly love to do the same to chancellor gerhard schröder , though they have not ( yet ! ) found a film star to replace him .
hence the keynesian solution : use monetary policy ( lower interest rates ) and fiscal policy ( expanded government spending and reduced taxes ) to keep the economy from ever approaching the precipice where deflation becomes possible .
so meciar pounced , denouncing the &quot; hungarian menace , &quot; undoing in a stroke four years of hard work by slovakia &apos;s current government to integrate representatives of the ethnic hungarian minority into slovakia &apos;s government .
according to one report , over 60 % of people in their twenties and thirties voted for roh to produce a margin of 2.3 % in this first two-man , head-to-head presidential race in 31 years .
this was the great lesson of the 1970 &apos;s and early 1980 &apos;s , when rampant inflation forced politicians to surrender this power to independent central banks , which alone could convince markets that price stability would be restored .
indeed , germans resent intrusiveness from brussels , which wants germany to cut subsidies to quasi-state enterprises such as the länder banks and has fined volkswagen for anti-competitive practices .
independent central banks can occasionally be a pain for politicians , but at least they can be used as scapegoats when necessary-a role whose political benefits outweigh the costs of losing control over a useful tool .
this led many observers to reflect on the fact that the world &apos;s richest country was in general the most miserly in foreign assistance -- all the more so in comparison to the amount it spends on war and defense .
the world bank estimates that by 2035 , as many as three billion people , almost all of them in developing countries , could live under conditions of severe water stress , especially if they happen to live in africa , the middle east , or south asia .
forget about america &apos;s rhetoric of upholding fairness and justice ; in trade negotiations , the us ignores the pleas of the poorest countries of the world to eliminate the cotton subsidies that have had so devastating an effect on them .
in contrast to europe and russia , china is not party to an alliance ( as is europe ) or to a network of arms control treaties through which political solutions can evolve ( like russia ) , factors that contribute to asian instabilities and chinese sensitivity .
similarly , the rate at which eighth graders from the dominican republic entered upper secondary levels increased when they were simply told how much more those who finished high school earned -- an amount they had vastly underestimated .
but , without a commitment by governments to limit greenhouse gas emissions beyond 2012 , the carbon market will remain uncertain , and the private sector -- vital to the market &apos;s success -- is unlikely to expand its participation in a meaningful and sustained way .
despite the frequent assurances of un authorities that kosovo is on a path toward reconciliation and true home rule , nato officials indicate that there are plans to maintain a long-term military presence in the province in order to &quot; guarantee that the political process will be concluded successfully . &quot;
back in 1933 irving fisher --milton friedman &apos;s predecessor atop america &apos;s monetarist school of economists-- announced that governments could prevent deep depressions by avoiding deflation .
with capital-account convertibility , the rupee &apos;s exchange rate will be determined more by capital flows than by inflation differentials , as india &apos;s inflation rate remains broadly in line with the oecd average of around 3 % .
californian voters &apos; first mistake is thus what may be called &quot; the lure of the immediate &quot; --none too surprising in a state where instant gratification is supposedly a core value .
physicians may feel guilty and fear litigation , drug companies worry about the threat to corporate profits and regulatory agencies must face the question : &quot; why was the drug approved in the first place ? &quot;
one cannot help but wonder : were there alternative ways of spending a fraction of the war &apos;s $ 1- $ 2 trillion in costs that would have better strengthened security , boosted prosperity , and promoted democracy ?
will eu citizens whose origins are in other continents and whose religion is hindu or islam , sikh or buddhist , be able to identify with &quot; european &quot; values and culture ?
their forced mass exodus in 1999 and nato &apos;s subsequent intervention , which ended serbia &apos;s rule and established a quasi-state under un administration , has made anything other than independence intolerable .
an suv going ten miles in the city and burning a gallon of gasoline pumps about three kilograms of carbon into the atmosphere .
this promotes a sense of participation , but as a friend , seasoned in such matters , informed me , the key in the end is to ignore all the comments received and to write up the report as if there were no web site and no participation .
implementing such a strategy may differ from country to country , depending on administrative capacity , the prevailing incentive regime , the flexibility of the fiscal system , the degree of sophistication of the financial sector , and the underlying political economy .
more than 20 % of all firms , in countries as diverse as algeria , bangladesh , brazil , china , estonia , and zambia , rate inadequate skills and education of workers as a major or a severe obstacle .
it is often forgotten that us defense secretary donald rumsfeld emerged from a comfortable retirement to reorganize the american military into a smaller , more agile force , using some of these same insights .
unfortunately , the stubbornness of the ecb and the european commission is now providing ammunition to populist governments in accession countries that are counting on currency appreciation to escape the fiscal discipline that adopting the euro would imply .
bernal &apos;s main scientific interest was initially the atomic structure of crystals , metals , and minerals , then of hormones and sterols--and of some amino acids , the building blocks of proteins .
against all expectations , it struck a morally advantageous posture by offering to surrender some part of its budget rebate , but only if the rest of the european union ( i.e. france , in particular ) would agree to fundamental reforms of eu farm policy .
it took some time before the british came to understand that since president jacques chirac is a beleaguered lame-duck president , who will remain in office but not in power until 2007 , he is in no position to agree to any such bargain .
a recent harris survey in the us concluded that 60 % of adults are either not confident at all or not very confident that drug makers will publicly and in a timely manner disclose data on their products &apos; adverse effects .
but the real problem for my office is neither ignorance nor legal infirmity , it is that in an under-developed legal system such as russia &apos;s , my authority is mostly personal , and requires help from the mass media .
some argue that this is a bad thing , because they prefer queuing to the price system and fear that higher prices will compromise future audiences by excluding young people .
a ruthless program to absorb his political rivals on the right has helped orban &apos;s fidesz party become nearly equal in size to his socialist rivals on the left .
roh &apos;s victory over lee hoi chang signifies a generational shift in korean politics , with the young determined to gain a freer hand in korea &apos;s relations with the us .
for most people , however , life under totalitarian dictatorship was not ennobling ; it was , rather , a daily immersion in lies , spiritual depravity , and material corruption .
yet a glaring contradiction exists between the universality and supremacy of human rights and the principles of sovereignty and non-interference in states &apos; internal affairs , which are also enshrined in un documents .
traditionally , europe &apos;s social democracies have preferred allocating scarce goods and services like concerts and operas by queues ( financed by huge subsidies to keep prices low ) rather than by willingness to pay .
improved aquaculture , in which fish are grown at manmade fishponds and reservoirs is still far from being a perfect technology , mainly for environmental reasons , yet it is enormously promising .
indeed , there is a compelling case to be made for indonesian debt relief in any case , given that much of the debt was incurred in loans to the corrupt suharto government .
they worry that even after undertaking structural reforms to reduce the attractiveness of unemployment benefits and increase the ability of workers to move to jobs and of firms to move to workers , central bankers will continue to insist on tight money .
but what they are doing , however , is dealing with the biggest problem of the moment but at the price of removing institutions and policies that policymakers before them had put into place to control problems which they felt to be the most pressing .
as leszek balcerowicz , the governor of the national bank of poland , argues , adoption of the euro by candidate countries will certainly create benefits for candidate countries , while in the worst case being neutral for current members .
someone once rightly said that it is easy to bomb , but much harder to build ; it is relatively easy to defeat a regime militarily , but it is far more difficult to create a solid , sustainable , civil society in its place .
clearly , the reforms proposed and already partly enacted by the government are unpopular , and there is little doubt that , a year after their re-election , the coalition of the social democrats and the greens would not stand much of a chance at the polls .
indeed , democracy nowadays has embraced a pop culture of rapidly passing fads ; today &apos;s hysteria-generating pop group is forgotten tomorrow , and there are always more waiting in the wings .
such demands escalated dramatically after hariri &apos;s death , as tens of thousands of the former prime minister &apos;s partisans , who previously sat on the fence when it came to syria , shouted &quot; syria out . &quot;
because american orchestras can &apos;t count on schools or government to provide the basic music education necessary to ensure a continuing audience for classical music , some orchestras are doing it themselves with private money .
for example , when demographic trends or persistent economic hardships impose undue social-welfare burdens on working people , benefits to pensioners should be automatically modified by raising the retirement age and / or adjusting benefits .
all european countries probably believed at the outset that non-european newcomers could be assimilated in the same way that polish immigrants were assimilated into germany &apos;s ruhr region in the nineteenth century .
indeed , as a matter of principle , it is not clear why monetary policy and fiscal policy should be treated so differently , with one completely delegated to a bureaucratic agency and the other completely discretionary and in the hand of politicians .
this quality is his greatest strength , and it seems he has now embarked on his riskiest counteroffensive ever .
certainly not the threat of many billions of black economy lira or ff supposedly coming out from under the mattress next january to be converted into dollars .
the payoff is huge if they get it right : accelerated development as economies reap the benefits of a burgeoning working-age population and lower dependency ratios .
the term &quot; international relations &quot; assumes the westphalian order of commitments among sovereign nation states , which replaced the medieval order of communities defined by personal fealty to a king .
as during those years , many people now formally accept ideological labels but identify with them only as long as such an allegiance to a specific political current has tangible short-term benefits for them .
we expect improved technology and its spread to make the world of 2100 , at a 2 % annual growth rate , much richer : $ 50,000 per capita of year-2006 purchasing power .
it is not that the end of european monetary union is on the agenda ; it is merely that people have begun thinking about possible low-probability futures in which the end of emu might be placed on the agenda .
but when bernal observed the crystals in a light microscope , he noticed that as the large amount of water in the crystal lattice evaporated , they became disordered .
imposing a tax on those who , say , drive low-mileage suv &apos;s is a way of harnessing humanity &apos;s collective intelligence to decide when bad side effects are a reason to alter behavior .
in addition to the lack of an adequate civilian and security presence to reassure every community of its safety , the overall lack of legal mechanisms to deliver swift justice for crimes committed during and after the intervention created additional tension .
but , in the end , he decided to interrupt his vacation and offer amounts of aid that were successively revised upwards , in a global competition which promised to benefit those who were desperate for help .
that sharon &apos;s stroke could be compared -- in terms of political consequences -- with the assassination of yitzak rabin demonstrates that his personality had become associated with hope and security .
replacing a governor whom they re-elected only a year before with arnold schwarzenegger must have given californian voters an enormous--if guilty--pleasure .
five years have passed since the terrorist attacks on new york and washington of september , 2001 , yet it seems that policymakers have learned little about how terrorist cells operate , and what their weaknesses are .
experts can disagree about whether the move was premature , but no one agrees with the many political leaders who have argued that the tiny hike will derail the timid resumption of economic growth .
indeed , the region is not poor by international standards , but rather stuck in the middle-income range between the world &apos;s poorest places and the high-income countries of north america , europe , and east asia .
the rich have long fought against taxation needed to increase investment in the education and health of the poor , perpetuating deep social divisions and leaving many people without the health and skills that global competitiveness requires .
we find that the media not only fail to weed out bad ideas , but that they often favor bad ideas , especially when the truth is too messy to be packaged neatly .
we ignore failing states at our peril , because anarchy creates an environment conducive to extremist ideologies and can offer a haven for terrorists , criminals , and drug traffickers .
indeed , by his words and example , the pope disrupts the world : it wants to live in wealth and comfort ; he reminds us that we must also live in dignity .
migraine : its economy has the worst performance in euroland , eu enlargement seems more threat than opportunity , the weak euro causes angst , brussels wants to slash its cushy state subsidies .
unless the world refocuses economic policies to address the adverse impact of economic inequality on growth and poverty reduction , the poor and the privileged will continue to live worlds apart .
they reiterated their commitment to the stability and growth pact , which requires euro-zone countries to raise taxes and cut spending , putting even more downward pressure on their economies .
reconciling those goals would test even the most experienced and cynical of politicians , so it is anyone &apos;s guess as to whether president roh can succeed .
but a visit to africa &apos;s villages makes clear that the problems have more to do with the struggle for survival under difficult physical conditions than with any special problems that are unique to african societies .
if so much of the us productivity edge really amounts to letting wal-mart and its big-box cousins run amok , what will happen after this source of growth tapers off ?
in central europe this effect has been amplified by the fact that , regardless of ideological leanings , rulings parties have had to privatize the economy and , under pressure from the european union , introduce reform measures that would , in a classical western system , usually be undertaken by the political right .
those who would aim to emulate us productivity trends must come to grips with how they feel about big-box stores sprouting across their countryside &apos;s , driving down wages and plowing under smaller-scale retailers .
here , then , is a modest proposal that applies to all democracies : the marketplace of ideas works better if it is easier for citizens to see the trade-offs between accuracy and entertainment , or between accuracy and party loyalty .
they repeated the x-ray experiment , but with the crystal surrounded by its mother-liquor and sealed in a glass capillary , obtaining patterns with large numbers of crystalline reflections .
yet america and europe often do not seem to see the world through the same glasses : spain &apos;s response to the terrorist attacks - a threat common to all democracies - was to vote in a government promising an end to pro-us policy on iraq .
even we , as opponents of the war , were staggered by what we found , with conservative to moderate estimates ranging from slightly less than a trillion dollars to more than $ 2 trillion .
even within countries experiencing rapid economic growth , an array of factors , exacerbated by tremendous demographic changes , has conspired to transmit inequality of knowledge , social responsibility , and life chances from one generation to the next .
any approach must be tailored to the circumstances of each country and the needs of its people , but there is no fundamental constraint to designing water development investments that ensure that local communities and the environment gain tangible and early benefits .
leaving aside the immorality of this war--and immoral it is--i wish to draw attention to this increasing ability and inclination of democracies to &quot; deal &quot; with ( meaning neutralize ) public opinion .
the two frontrunners to succeed him , dominique de villepin and nicolas sarkozy , both in government , compete on a reformist agenda , but pre-election years do not encourage bold moves .
september is traditionally the time when opera companies and orchestras return to their home cities from aix , salzburg , tanglewood , and countless other summer festivals .
the truth is that economic policymakers are juggling sets of potential disasters , exchanging the one that appears most threatening for a threat that seems more distant .
the international system rather quickly adopted ( and transformed ) this notion , and numerous humanitarian military interventions followed--in somalia , haiti , bosnia , kosovo , east timor , and sierra leone .
he described the sudeten germans as hitler &apos;s &quot; fifth column &quot; and suggested that israel could solve its palestinian problem through resort to the czech method of 1945 : deportation .
when the un or other bodies are unwilling or unable to move against dire threats , america reserves the right to act in less encompassing alliances or flexible , ad hoc coalitions of the willing .
a strategic lack of transparency is the bread and butter of shrewd politicians who want to please a lobby by hiding the costs of the public &apos;s largesse from the majority of citizens .
legal experts in washington suggest that modest preparations for building missile and radar sites do not violate the abm-treaty and so do not yet require a us notice to quit .
in europe , the european central bank believes that the danger of uncontrolled inflation following a loss of public confidence in its commitment to low inflation outweighs the costs of european employment that is far too high .
by sheer force of conviction and personality , such figures , many of us believe , can carry the day , bringing a glimmer of hope to an otherwise detached and impersonal universe .
but us experience shows that getting artistic leaders like orchestra music directors to participate in fundraising need not be bad for the artistic side of the job .
nearly all the creativity and problem solving occurs in small companies and is later &quot; integrated &quot; by mega-corporations , which have an expensive and vulnerable infrastructure , and keep most of the profit .
their thoughts retrace the economic thinking of over fifty years ago , a time when economists concluded that the thing to do with deflation was to avoid it like the plague .
communism &apos;s defeat left a huge black hole in communities &apos; souls , which is now being filled with nationalism , bigotry , and western consumerism .
some conductors , not wanting to carry a tin cup as they wave their batons , have rejected important posts in the us for this reason , feeling that it would interfere with their art .
for all of america &apos;s power , there is little that the us can do in the world that it can &apos;t do better with the active participation of others , be they governments , international organizations , or non-governmental organizations .
globalized markets , unfettered trade , militant islam , china &apos;s awakening : these are the things historians and strategists usually portray as the key forces shaping our destiny .
this will depend on an objective assessment of the costs of the war in terms of loss of life , destruction of property , economic impact within iraq , spillovers into other forms of violence such as terrorism , and geopolitical consequences .
only if wages adjust downward to accommodate the new international environment can german workers become competitive again , so that the country returns to a higher employment level , exploiting its human capital up to the capacity constraint .
an immediate deployment of an adequate civilian and security presence during the months immediately after the end of the 1999 nato bombing campaign might well have provided suitable protective mechanisms against the backlash that allowed victims to become victimizers .
thus , when we seek solutions to some of the world &apos;s toughest problems , they , too , are likely to be found , at least in part , in new technologies that can resolve old and seemingly intractable problems .
in the next three weeks , the israeli army will do something unprecedented : instead of defending the country against external enemies or terrorism , it will evacuate -- by force if necessary -- 9,000 israelis from their homes .
health hazards -- nuclear reactors , guns , and contaminated foods -- surround all of us , so governments take an active role in limiting these hazards through regulations , which , in many cases , are very successful .
in a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist thomas holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of wal-mart stores throughout the united states .
from 1995 to 2005 , germany will have grown by only 14.6 % , while the old eu on average will have grown by 24 % , the us by 39.9 % , and the world economy by 45.6 % .
for the syrians , a democratic iraq friendly to the us was always far worse than saddam hussein , the enemy they knew -- and later profitably traded with -- during the years of international sanctions against iraq .
such strong incentives to hoard rather than spend can keep demand low and falling , and unemployment high and rising , for a much longer time than even the most laissez-faire-oriented politician or economist had ever dared contemplate .
if no evidence of such weapons is produced , then both bush and blair deserve to be finished politically , no matter what else happens in iraq .
in such democracies without democrats , &quot; human rights &quot; are more problematic to discuss than procedural formalities , because they are not thought of as &quot; rights &quot; in the legal sense , but merely as pangs of conscience , or else as gifts to be exchanged for something else of value .
if compelling evidence proves that weapons of mass destruction were at hand ; that they were poised for use on a threatening scale ; that the un inspectors had poor prospects of uncovering and dismantling those weapons , then we must acknowledge the arguments made by bush and blair .
in the end , john paul ii does not fit neatly into any category and often represents a meeting of opposites : rejection of compromise with ecumenism , toughness with warmth , intellectual openness with insistence on theological orthodoxy .
israel &apos;s unilateral withdrawal is the outcome of a deep political shift that has been caused by two somewhat contradictory convictions that have characterized prime minister ariel sharon &apos;s policies since 2003 : first , that the us-initiated &quot; road map &quot; is going nowhere and , second , that the status quo is untenable .
trichet appeared to be calling for a pre-emptive approach when he said , &quot; we must not allow second-round effects to materialize . &quot; for the first time , the ecb president was willing to admit publicly that the governing council had discussed the pros and cons of a rate hike at the meeting .
so when the british came to terms with this harsh reality , they played out the lamentable end-game of their management of the negotiations with small-minded cheese-paring and logic-chopping offers , all designed primarily to safeguard narrow british interests , mainly at the expense of the new member states .
moreover , the direct annual hospital costs attributable to adr &apos;s run into the billions of dollars , and this does not include all the suffering that adr &apos;s cause that does not lead to hospitalization ( or death ) .
nevertheless , the issue rekindles old debates over deterrence , mutual assured destruction and nuclear arms control , and revives the rivalry between the nuclear powers just when nuclear weapons had lost much of their relevance .
fear about this may be one reason why president bush refused to meet prime minister orban recently , and there are frequent suggestions that , had orban spoken as he now does before hungary joined nato , his country &apos;s application would have been rejected .
for example , sub-saharan africa has thousands of young combatants -- 100,000 in sudan alone -- who hope to reconstruct their lives in peacetime but clearly require skills training and jobs , as well as medical and psychological support .
although president george w. bush apologized twice for the deaths of the girls , demands continue to escalate for changing the status of force agreement ( sofa ) that governs the legal treatment of american troops stationed in south korea .
this debate has not happened in the us , despite vague attempts at the beginning of the first clinton administration ; it has barely begun with tony blair &apos;s &quot; third way &quot; in the uk , or with gerhard schröder &apos;s variant in germany .
while both the polish and hungarian communist parties experienced internal liberalization that allowed relatively large semi-official zones of activity outside communist control , czechoslovakia after the soviet-led invasion of 1968 became a rigid neo-stalinist regime .
as a result of a current-account surplus and an interest-rate differential of 3-4 % , foreign reserves reached $ 70.3 billion by the end of 2002--enough to cover almost 15 months of imports--up from only us $ 4 billion in 1990 .
in cameroon , horizon jeunes , a reproductive health program that targets urban youth , increased young people &apos;s knowledge of reproductive health and successfully changed their behavior , with condom use among females increasing from 58 % to 76 % in the treatment group .
argentina &apos;s crisis at the end of 2001 looked remarkably like argentina &apos;s baring brothers crisis of 1890 -- save that politicians and international bankers seem to have had a much better idea of what to do to minimize the damage in 1890 than they do today .
the record suggests that an adequate growth program needs to be anchored in two strategies : an investment strategy designed to kick-start growth in the short term , and an institution-building strategy designed to provide an economy with resilience in the face of adverse shocks .
berlin : like old battle horses feeling young as the bugle sounds , cold war strategists are feeling the adrenalin mount as missile defense becomes front page news .
the acquittal by a us military court of two american soldiers who accidentally killed two korean schoolgirls with their armored car last june triggered street demonstrations across the country .
their double-helix model provided the key to understanding how living cells can produce two exact copies of themselves and how genetic material stores all the information for synthesizing the proteins needed to build a living organism .
developing countries &apos; international terms of trade have worsened : prices of primary commodities have declined in relation to manufactures , as have tropical agriculture prices against temperate agriculture , and prices of generic manufactures have fallen relative to output protected by intellectual property rights .
the british long complained of the unfairness of these rules , especially in view of the fact that the uk was one of the relatively poorer member states ; and in 1984 , margaret thatcher &apos;s conservative government demanded , and got , a massive rebate on its net contribution to the eu budget .
everyone has an interest in a world in which force is used only as a last resort , terrorism is regarded as beyond the pale , weapons of mass destruction do not spread and are not used , free trade becomes the norm , citizens enjoy basic liberties , democratic values triumph , and the rule of law replaces the way of the gun .
a friend of bernal &apos;s named glenn millikan had happened to visit a lab in uppsala , sweden , where large pepsin crystals had been obtained , and he brought some of the crystals , still in their mother-liquor , back to cambridge .
some time over the next month or two , the balkan contact group <<unk>> the us , uk , france , germany , italy , and russia -- will consider ahtisaari &apos;s recommendations on kosovo &apos;s final status and possibly propose a solution to the security council , which must make the final decision .
the answer is that fiscal policy is the key tool politicians use to attract and maintain the support of a winning coalition of voters , say retirees , public employees , and middle-class homeowners , while imposing the costs on the losers .
was sharon really convinced by demographers that the &quot; great israel &quot; that once seemed to be his dream would actually mean the end of a jewish state , or did his disengagement strategy of &quot; gaza first &quot; really mean &quot; gaza last &quot; ?
boom mentality spread to los angeles , new york , and sydney around 1997 , to paris in 1998 , to miami , moscow , and shanghai in 2001 , and vancouver around 2002 .
the fed &apos;s failure to raise rates earlier thus holds a powerful lesson for the european central bank : after a prolonged period of monetary stability at unusually low interest rates , waiting too long to raise rates to more normal and appropriate levels holds dangerous consequences .
as with fear of terrorism and suspicion of equities , geographical celebrity appears resilient , if not self-reinforcing : the more famous new york , paris , and london get , the more glamorous they become .
they thus shifted the debt burden away from the next generation and onto investors who did not bail out of the bond market at the first sign of rising prices , or who postponed buying a house when inflation would have wiped out the real value of their mortgage debt .
but europe should also reflect on its own practices , including trade policy , where the eu works systematically to unbalance the global trade regime against developing countries , despite promising that those imbalances would be corrected in the current round of trade negotiations .
performing arts advocates in europe point to the us where , among other things , music directors of even major orchestras are now expected to fully participate in fundraising activities and be active in the local community on the orchestras behalf .
in may 1997 , the tarapore committee on capital account convertibility charted a three-stage liberalization process to be completed by 1999-2000 , with an accompanying emphasis on fiscal consolidation , a mandated inflation target , and a strong financial system .
michael tilson thomas in san francisco , for example , has combined effective fundraising and artistic leadership to propel the san francisco symphony to the top rank of us orchestras .
now is the chance to look forward and enlist the global community -- with no exclusions , although with differentiated responsibilities -- in the pursuit of a more secure world , one that avoids the dire risks of environmental degradation and social conflict implied by inaction .
our civilization , despite its drugs , prostitution , alcoholism , incivility , and vandalism , will always be better than rule by mullahs or soldiers , because its social problems can be allayed , if never entirely eliminated , without changing the foundations of the regime .
their <<unk>> ticism is hardly groundless : internal documents obtained in recent lawsuits reveal that drug companies often fail to submit critical safety information to regulatory agencies , as required by law , and fail to communicate such information to physicians and patients .
when the communist regimes collapsed in 1989 , the communist parties of poland and hungary transformed themselves into credible democratic-left parties that became formidable opponents of the newly emerging political right .
for example , the bush administration has been doing everything it can to hide the huge number of returning veterans who are severely wounded -- 16,000 so far , including roughly 20 % with serious brain and head injuries .
for example , he said that he would not kow-tow to the us or visit washington just for the sake of a photo opportunity he also promised to continue president kim dae jung &apos;s &quot; sunshine policy &quot; of engagement with the north .
advocates of a softer approach say that if the un stays on the sidelines , it will become irrelevant ; by participating in iraq , it will build trust with america , so that the next time a dispute such as this arises , america will turn earlier to the un .
he has become a nearly revered figure in his country , and large segments of western public opinion believe that his political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region , even as he remains hated in large parts of the arab and muslim world .
consider the following stunning fact : together with a few sister &quot; big box &quot; stores ( target , best buy , and home depot ) , wal-mart accounts for roughly 50 % of america &apos;s much vaunted productivity growth edge over europe during the last decade .
ours is a civilization that accepts selfishness towards one &apos;s own family and group ; that tolerates , with few exceptions , autonomy in moral matters ; and that considers blasphemy , criticism of authority , and even civil disobedience fundamental freedoms .
linked to eu <<unk>> tics like italy &apos;s berlusconi and austria &apos;s schüssel-haider coalition , the very nature of european politics may turn decidedly nasty .
both politicians will constitute a tandem , but schröder will be more dependent on müntefering &apos;s loyalty than müntefering is dependent on schröder &apos;s success .
the stability and growth pact was intended to keep the public debts of southern europe low , and thus keep interest rates low by reassuring investors that national debts would never be allowed to rise high enough to generate serious inflationary pressures .
it claims that if kosovo is granted independence , the ultranationalist radical party will come to power in the next elections , and believes that holding elections as early as this year will cause the contact group to delay a proposal to the security council .
resident indians can now maintain a foreign-currency account and invest in shares of foreign companies , while non-resident indians can repatriate legacy / inheritance assets .
latin america , the region that tried hardest to implement the &quot; washington consensus &quot; recipes--free trade , price deregulation , and privatization--has experienced low and volatile growth , with widening inequalities .
as milosevic showed again in the 1990s , when he claimed to be defending innocent serbs in croatia and bosnia , justifying military intervention solely on the basis of moral principles leaves too much room for their distortion and abuse .
instead , most people still instinctively look at &quot; great men &quot; as the agents of history , the men ( and women ) who seem to forge events through their political vision , personal charisma , and the force of their moral claims .
although such politicians often describe themselves as <<unk>> <<unk>> rightist , &apos; &apos; their real policies , such as , for , example , those of former slovak prime minister vladimir meciar , are in fact demagogic populist or authoritarian .
while completely legal , studies suggest that wal-mart &apos;s labor policies exploit regulatory loopholes that , for example , allow it to sidestep the burden of healthcare costs for many workers ( wal-mart provides healthcare coverage to less than half its workers ) .
it was only natural that where chemistry fell short , physics--and its premier laboratory--showed the way forward , a way grasped by watson and crick in the epic breakthrough that we celebrate this month .
on issues such as terrorism , weapons proliferation , iran , afghanistan ( where we jointly train the country &apos;s future army ) , and africa ( where french initiatives with american support recently succeeded in stabilizing côte d &apos;ivoire and congo ) , europe and the us speak with a common voice .
all of a sudden tremendously destructive herd-driven financial crises were back : mexico , thailand , korea , brazil , and so on looked like nothing as much as the us financial panic of 1873 or the austrian creditanstalt crisis of 1931 .
while the kyoto protocol represents only a modest reduction of carbon emissions in industrialized countries -- 5.2 % between 2008-2012 relative to 1990 levels , with varying targets for individual countries -- real progress can be made in sustaining development efforts and preserving our planet .
the &quot; retreat of the state &quot; in much of the developing world in recent decades has involved a generally reduced role for government , including the capacity to lead and sustain development , as well as its progressive social interventions in areas such as public education , health , housing , and utilities .
future negotiations will have to deal with the ultimate borders between israel and palestine , the fate of 200,000 jewish settlers in the west bank , the status of jerusalem , and with the problem of the 1947-48 palestinian refugees .
the us economy has many other strengths , including its superior financial system and leading position in high-tech capital goods , but the fact remains that america &apos;s advantage in these areas has so far not been nearly as striking as the wal-mart phenomenon .
recent evidence that deaths and injuries would have been greatly reduced had better body armor been provided to troops suggests how short-run frugality can lead to long-run costs .
since britain had been one of the most insistent advocates of enlargement of the eu to the candidates from central and eastern europe , one might have expected that the blair government would have wished to be correspondingly generous to the new-comers in the conduct of the budgetary negotiations .
but , despite their progress in bringing their inflation and interest rates closer to eu levels , many candidate countries fear that with the full opening up to capital flows--a requirement of accession--they will be exposed to the risk of sudden stops in capital flows and currency crises .
in many parts of europe , however , turkey &apos;s admission to the eu is viewed with <<unk>> ticism owing to its size , relatively poor economy , fears of massive immigration , and , above all , cultural and societal differences - a euphemism for islam .
what is certain is that the vacuum left by sharon &apos;s departure from politics is all the more striking in view of the images of chaos emerging from the gaza that israel has vacated , and the collapse of the palestinian authority before our eyes .
the trustees of the us medicare trust funds ( providing medical services to the retired ) estimate that their unfunded obligations have a present value of $ 5.9 trillion--50 % larger than america &apos;s official publicly-held national debt .
but john paul ii &apos;s basic intuition is correct : the postcommunist world--east and west--is in spiritual crisis , and the pope wants to shake it into <<unk>> ing the importance of higher values .
describing his unsuccessful attempts to obtain well-ordered x-ray diffraction patterns from crystals of the protein pepsin , he wondered whether bernal could help obtain crystals of other proteins .
tony blair , once an ardent pro-european ( at least by britain &apos;s undemanding standards ) , might finally have to cede power to gordon brown , who is famously cold to european integration .
the immediate winner is franz müntefering , age 64 , the spd &apos;s parliamentary floor leader who will succeed schröder , as party chairman .
europe &apos;s central bankers fear that their political masters will order them to loosen monetary policy , that the structural reforms needed to free up aggregate supply will not be forthcoming , and that the result will be a return to the inflation of the 1970 &apos;s .
since the end of 2002 , schröder and the spd have been facing unusually low public approval ratings - and this pattern is not likely to change soon .
some problems faced by central europe &apos;s right are similar to those the political right faces elsewhere in europe , where social democratic parties expropriated many formerly liberal ideas to seize a monopoly of the political center .
so the critics argue that we need the marginal $ 70 per capita today much more than the richer people of 2100 will need the $ 500 that they would gain from being spared the effects of global climate change .
america relies on partnerships in the global war on terrorism : foreign governments provide intelligence and law enforcement cooperation ; trading partners ensure the security of shipping containers ; private financial institutions help track the transfers of funds that sustain terror networks .
as the us proceeds with nmd , it will either have to violate the treaty or give six months notice to quit , something both signatories are entitled to do if they feel their vital security interests demand it .
it also should be reassuring to europeans who are concerned that greater reliance on private money necessarily means conservative programming that the san francisco symphony has one of the most adventuresome repertoires in the us .
so john paul ii is no enthusiast of modern western civilization , with its divorce from the world of values , and he contrasts with it the moral sensitivity of societies with fresh memories of decades of dictatorship .
two savage consequences are foreseeable : first , that there is no better way to turn parts of public opinion in the candidate countries against the eu than by allowing local populists to portray the union as an agent of spreading german power .
similarly , payments for those who are killed amount to only $ 500,000 , which is far less than standard estimates of the lifetime economic cost of a death , sometimes referred to as the statistical value of a life ( $ 6.1 to $ 6.5 million ) .
turkey &apos;s formal recognition as a candidate state in 1999 led turkey to undertake unprecedented reform efforts in the area of human and minority rights , including abolition of the death penalty , safeguards against torture , promotion of religious freedoms , gender equality , and restriction of the military &apos;s role in political life .
although right-of-center politicians in central european countries formally embrace traditional ideologies , for example , liberalism or conservatism , their electorates , unfamiliar with western political philosophies , do not always understand the real meaning of those terms .
from one perspective , it is good that the euro zone &apos;s finance ministers are eager to keep their national debts low in the long term : it is a sign that the victories over inflation won in the 1970 &apos;s will not be casually thrown away .
but any attempt to limit the fiscal discretion of america &apos;s federal government in the manner of the stability pact-for example , the infamous gramm / rudman rules of the clinton era-always collapse in the end in the face of presidential and congressional pressure .
in iraq , bush again pursued a unilateralist agenda , saying that there was incontrovertible evidence of a link with al queda , and that saddam had weapons of mass destruction .
one reason that won &apos;t happen because germany is too busy trying to keep out polish , czech and hungarian workers to press for such reforms .
the rich countries &apos; mistakes wouldn &apos;t matter if african countries had enough money to adopt the needed technologies on their own , but africa is so poor that it must get financial help to escape poverty .
if this line of thought sounds familiar , perhaps it is because it ( more or less ) recapitulates the foundations of the unsustainable planning system with which the accession countries broke at the beginning of the 1990 &apos;s .
totalitarian pressure did , indeed , form exceptional people such as john paul ii and alexander solzhenitsyn , people for whom religious faith bought freedom from mendacity and solitude .
france &apos;s ongoing public debate about secularism and legislation is an important effort in this direction , even if the debate could be better organized to demonstrate the link between principles , social and anthropological facts , and public policy .
what this means is that pension and tax institutions must be designed to take better account of the changing circumstances facing different generations , rather than make fixed promises--which most likely cannot be kept , anyway--of a certain payout in the future .
the beginning of his term not only coincides with one of the most dangerous episodes on the korean peninsula in decades , but his presidency will also test south korea &apos;s relations with the us to a degree that has not been seen for many years .
the others have declared for several years their interest in adopting the euro early on , in some cases unilaterally , even before entry into the eu--a position openly supported by the national bank of poland , and less forcefully by the national bank of hungary and the czech national bank .
even the import-substitution policies , now universally scorned , were originally adopted by the developing world for good ( as well as bad ) reasons : the protectionist shutting-off of developed-country markets during the great depression which had disastrous consequences for the developing economies .
freed from exchange-rate risk , international investors no longer demanded a risk premium from these countries and were willing to provide funds to all of them under the same favorable conditions that previously had been reserved for germany .
the problem is that economic and social reform are purely national responsibilities , and do not lie within the competence of the union ; if there is to be economic and social reform in france and germany , that is a matter exclusively for french and german voters and politicians .
in this context , it is noteworthy that china , with a closed capital account , has foreign-exchange reserves of us $ 286 billion , four times the size of india &apos;s , though china &apos;s economy is only double india &apos;s size .
rather than jumping out to the coasts -- 80 % of all americans live within 80 kilometers of the pacific or atlantic oceans -- wal-marts have spread organically through an ever-expanding supply chain .
so european institutions should abandon their paternalistic approach and take seriously the concerns of accession countries &apos; central bankers about the risks of maintaining their own currencies for a long period during which their economies have to open up completely to capital flows .
indeed , when asked by bush to look into the matter , america &apos;s national academy of sciences came to a resounding verdict ( the only one they could honestly reach ) that greenhouse gases are a menace .
we must forge greater european military capacities simply to put in place a mechanism that allows us to stand effectively shoulder to shoulder when terrorism or other catastrophes strike one of our democracies , as just happened .
a resurgence of substantial inflation may seem unthinkable in today &apos;s environment , but remember that even a relatively modest 6 % annual inflation rate cuts the real value of a nation &apos;s debt in half in just 11 years .
unfortunately , in an effort that was widely seen as another attempt to undermine multilateralism , the us tried to lead a &quot; core group &quot; driving the assistance program , ignoring ongoing efforts within the region and at the un .
in saying aloud that &quot; there can be no just europe without an independent poland on its map , &quot; the pope effectively swept away the unjust postwar settlement that had subjugated poland to soviet power .
for example , when the new class of painkillers called cox-2 inhibitors was introduced , regulators , physicians , and patients were unaware that these drugs could cause heart attacks and strokes .
there will , after all be inflation in southern and eastern europe -- there must be , for as regions develop and industrialize their terms of trade must improve , and under a monetary union regional inflation is how this can happen .
nato , for example , is evolving from a cold war alliance focused solely on europe to one suited to meeting today &apos;s security challenges wherever they may arise , such as in afghanistan and possibly iraq .
the months until euro notes and coins are introduced will produce even more scare stories , which are bound to hold the euro back . - an insistence on keeping wim duisenberg as head of the european central bank .
after first disputing that there was scientific evidence of the problem , the largest polluter in the world , the us , is now simply refusing to do anything about it ( other than preaching voluntary restraint <<unk>> of which there is little evidence , at least in america ) .
arguably , since the government has not reined in other expenditures or increased taxes , the expenditures have been debt financed , and the interest costs on this debt add another $ 98 billion ( conservative ) to $ 385 billion ( moderate ) to the budgetary costs .
the european commission predicts that the french government deficit will reach 3.7 % of gdp this year , with germany &apos;s widening to 3.4 % --both figures well beyond the deficit cap ( 3 % of gdp ) set by the euro-zone &apos;s stability and growth pact .
after all , if politicians could not win elections by taking money from some-including future generations , which will have to foot a portion of the bill-and giving it to others , they would have to work much harder to display some ability in producing public benefits for all .
it is an opportune moment : while much of the world &apos;s attention has been fixed on issues of energy supply and security , hundreds of millions of people in the developing world continue to see the supply and security of fresh water as equally , if not more , important .
we participated in all the major developments in european music , literature , and film ( think of andrzej wajda &apos;s films from the solidarity era , such as &quot; danton , &quot; which were french co-productions ) .
as eu expansion looms , europe &apos;s mission must not become undermined by the advocates of that old and &quot; other &quot; central europe , politicians who prefer to wallow in the past rather than think in responsible ways about building a peaceful and prosperous europe .
macroeconomic policies , financial globalization , and changes in labor market institutions have exacerbated inequality in recent decades , not only in income and wealth , but also in access to education , healthcare , social protection , as well as in political participation and influence .
by the time of the next regularly scheduled election , it could become clear that there were no real alternatives to schröder &apos;s policies , and it could even be the case that the predicted beneficial effects of painful reforms will become apparent by then .
at the same time , the risks of rejecting turkey must also be taken into account : the likelihood that the reform process would collapse , bringing radical currents to the fore and leading to instability and political unrest at the eu &apos;s doorsteps .
it also accounts for why important institutional differences persist among the advanced countries of north america , western europe , and japan in areas such as the role of the public sector , the legal system , corporate governance , financial markets , labor markets , and social insurance .
the carrot is needed because there is great social value in discovering , for example , that cut flowers , or soccer balls , or computer software can be produced at low cost , because this knowledge can orient the investments of other entrepreneurs .
the fed waited too long to start the normalization process , and , because it was more aggressive in lowering rates in the downward phase of the interest-rate cycle , it has had to be more aggressive in raising them in the upward phase .
although max von laue , walter friedrich , and paul knipping had discovered the diffraction of x-rays by crystals , it was lawrence bragg who understood how it could be exploited scientifically .
the strategy formulated by the pope for the catholic church , and his ability to mobilize millions of believers in its cause , meant that no one could ever again repeat stalin &apos;s question : &quot; how many divisions does the pope have ? &quot;
when the 13 british colonies in north america launched their own war of independence , thomas jefferson understood that &quot; the decent respect to the opinions of mankind &quot; required an explanation for that war , which he set forth in the declaration of independence .
the current boom has seen contagion within markets and across markets , as rising prices fuel popular excitement - and hence further price increases - in the same city , and then in other cities , even on the other side of the globe .
it is one thing to back the &quot; european project &quot; when the idea is to bind germany so tightly to france that never again will anybody think it worthwhile to wage a war over what language is spoken in alsace-lorraine .
in the late 1940s , those present at the creation of the post-world war ii international economic order tried to create an international monetary system that would ( a ) allow for exchange rates stable enough for producers and consumers to escape the risks of excessive and irrational exchange rate fluctuations , ( b ) allow countries to follow their own domestic macroeconomic policies , and ( c ) prevent the catastrophic panics affecting not just individual banks but whole countries that produced the destructive international financial crisis of the great depression .
since the election that brought the coalition of wolfgang schüssel &apos;s and jorg haider &apos;s parties to power in vienna , austria &apos;s relations with the <<unk>> boring czech republic have deteriorated over two issues : a demand that the czechs shutdown the temelin nuclear power plant on the austrian border , and revoke the benes decrees in which sudeten germans were deported from czechoslovakia and settled massively in bavaria but also in austria .
september headline inflation , at 2.6 % , is above the ecb &apos;s 2 % target <<unk>> -- as is the latest forecast for 2006 inflation ( updated forecasts will be released at the beginning of december ) . &quot; the period of wage moderation may be coming to an end , &quot; warns otmar issing , the ecb &apos;s chief economist , implying that soaring energy prices may now be feeding through into the overall price level ( so-called &quot; second-round effects &quot; ) .
the need to refute arguments against turkey &apos;s admission to the eu leaves the advantages rarely mentioned : its unique geopolitical position at the crossroads of the balkans , southern caucasus , central asia , and the middle east - vitally important regions for europe &apos;s security ; its role as mayor transit country for energy supplies ; its military capabilities at a time when the eu is developing its new european defense policy ; and the great potential of the turkish economy , with its young and dynamic labor force .
true , the defense against missiles which bill clinton ( reluctantly ) and george w. bush ( enthusiastically ) are proposing -- with massive support from america &apos;s congress -- is different from ronald reagan &apos;s star wars dream of twenty years ago : nmd is supposed to catch only a modest number of warheads , not provide complete protection against enemy missiles .
that worry was dented when viktor orban &apos;s fidesz party lost in hungary &apos;s recent parliamentary elections , but other politicians happy to demagogue national resentments - vaclav klaus in prague , edmund stoiber in germany , vladimir meciar in slovakia - still see nationalism as an electoral plus despite orban &apos;s defeat .
if national elections had , say , been held last sunday , february 8 , a centre-right coalition consisting of the christian democrats and the liberals would have won 57 % of the vote , according to &quot; infratest dimap , &quot; one of germany &apos;s main polling institutes .
while it seems to be premature to speak , as some in germany now do , of a &quot; twilight of the chancellor &quot; or to call schröder &apos;s surprising step &quot; the beginning of the end &quot; of his tenure , it is perfectly correct to describe it as a dramatic loss of power .
almost everyone -- except the likes of exxonmobil , us vice president dick cheney , and their paid servants and deluded acolytes -- understands that when humans burn hydrocarbons , carbon dioxide goes into the atmosphere , where it acts like a giant blanket , absorbing infrared radiation coming up from below and warming the earth .
eu farm policy has started to be reformed , and its share of the eu budget has fallen from over 60 % to 40 % ; britain has for several years enjoyed significantly faster economic growth than most other member states , so that it is now one of the richer eu countries , even compared with france and germany ; and the new member states are so much poorer than even the poorest of the old members , that they have an unanswerable moral case for a generous share of whatever budget could be negotiated .
at the beginning of what has been dubbed a &quot; super election year &quot; in germany - with 14 elections , one at the european , five at the regional , and eight at the local levels - this is hideously bad news for the spd .
in the us , the bush administration is <<unk>> tical of the stimulative power of monetary policy and wants bigger fiscal deficits to reduce unemployment , hoping that the future dangers posed by persistent deficits -- low investment , slow growth , loss of confidence , uncontrolled inflation and exchange rate depreciation-- can be finessed , or will not become visible until after the bush team leaves office .
myriad details were addressed : thailand flew ambassadors to the affected part of the country to help attend to the needs of their citizens , helped those who lost their money and passports return home , provided health care for the injured , set up systems to identify bodies , and dealt with the difficulties posed by shortages of body bags and the lack of cold storage facilities .
roh , a self-made man who passed a bar examination without going to college and law school , succeeded in convincing voters that he would usher in a new brand of politics reflecting south korea &apos;s growing wealth and middle class sentiments , thereby sweeping away insider-dominated politics , regional bickering , and factional struggles .
in the best case scenario , schröder will therefore stick to the &quot; agenda 2010 &quot; philosophy , and müntefering will patiently explain to a reluctant spd that you have to cross the desert in order to make it to the promised land .
in the worst case , schröder will lapse back into populism for the sake of short-term electoral success , and müntefering will confirm that method so as to save the wounded social democratic soul from total despair .
with one notable exception in the 1950 &apos;s , none of germany &apos;s two main political parties - the social democrats and the moderately conservative christian democrats - has ever managed to win an absolute majority in parliament .
this expression of wounded national pride was enabled by south korea &apos;s tremendous performance in the world cup football tournament last summer , which helped convince ordinary koreans that their country was fully grown up--and thus might be able to stand on its own without the presence of 37,000 us troops .
chancellor gerhard schröder &apos;s resignation as chairman of germany &apos;s social democratic party ( spd ) will deeply affect the distribution of forces within the german government and its slim &quot; red-green &quot; majority in parliament .
but , given germany &apos;s economic distress , which looks likely to worsen given the country &apos;s demographic problems , the social democrats are now condemned to give wealth creation priority over redistribution .
in the same period , doomsters performed even more poorly , exaggerating the chances of negative changes in all the same places where boomsters accentuated the positive , plus several more ( i still await the impending disintegration of canada , nigeria , india , indonesia , south africa , belgium , and sudan ) .
that orban seconded stoiber &apos;s demands came as something of a gift from god to the slovak nationalist vladimir meciar in his bid to become prime minister once more , as it allowed him to argue that his domestic opponents were preparing to surrender to eu pressure and force slovakia to compensate the hungarians expelled by benes in 1945 .
edmund stoiber , bavaria &apos;s leader , the conservative cdu / csu candidate for german chancellor against current chancellor schroeder , and a staunch advocate of the sudeten germans , demanded that schroeder cancel a scheduled visit to prague in response to zeman &apos;s outburst .
in calcutta , when some younger kid came along and insisted on joining the game my friends were playing , we would let the new kid in , but only after whispering into each other &apos;s ears the words , elé belé . an elé belé is a player who thinks he is participating but , in truth , is merely going through the motions .
on that spot , that golgotha of modern times , he called the poles , who remembered dear ones gassed to death in auschwitz &apos;s crematoria as well as those frozen into glass in siberia &apos;s concentration camps , to a brotherhood devoted to struggle against even justified hatred and revenge .
only after his re-election in autumn 2002 , did he give up his previous populist stance , short-term responses and neo-corporatist ways of trying to talk trade unions and employers &apos; associations into compromise .
this was subsequently replaced with a two-tier exchange-rate system making the rupee partially convertible--60 % of export earnings could be converted at the market exchange rate , and the rest at the rbi &apos;s fixed rate ( used by the government to finance essential imports like petroleum , cooking oil , fertilizers , and life-saving drugs ) .
beyond europe this is true even for the recently acclaimed brazilian president luis inacio &quot; lula &quot; da silva , to say nothing of mexican president vicente fox and south korean president roh moo-hyun , the latter having called for a referendum to help arrest his sinking popularity .
concerned that the bush administration might be misleading everyone about the iraq war &apos;s costs , just as it had about iraq &apos;s weapons of mass destruction and connection with al qaida , i teamed up with linda bilmes , a budget expert at harvard , to examine the issue .
latin american countries should aim to increase spending to around 2 % of gnp ( from 0.5 % currently ) , partly through public support for laboratories and universities and partly through incentives for private-sector r &amp; d. they should roll out the red carpet for high-tech multinational firms , just as asia has done .
between 1985 and 2005 , boomsters made 10-year forecasts that exaggerated the chances of big positive changes in both financial markets ( e.g. , a dow jones industrial average of 36,000 ) and world politics ( e.g. , tranquility in the middle east and dynamic growth in sub-saharan africa ) .
because the risk of heart attacks is high in older people , many of whom have arthritic pain requiring treatment with painkillers , it took six years to link cox-2 inhibitors to a two- to three-fold increase in the risk of heart attacks .
as a consequence , german chancellors usually preside over coalition governments , and their effective authority is based on the loyalty of the party forces they command within such political alliances .
the same logic that says we need our $ 70 more than the people of 2100 need an extra $ 500 dictates that we should tax the world &apos;s rich more , as long as each extra $ 500 in first-world taxes generates as little as an extra $ 70 in poor countries per capita incomes .
the clearest case of this comes from hungary , where prime minister viktor orban demanded an abrogation of president edvard benes &apos; decrees of 1945 ( which confiscated the assets of and stripped citizenship from the german and hungarian populations deported from czechoslovakia at that time ) as part of a re-election campaign that failed narrowly .
reflection by &quot; bragg planes &quot; --sheets of atoms that can diffract x-rays at specific angles that are determined by the separation between sheets--enabled the braggs to calculate the exact arrangement of sodium and chloride atoms in a crystal of salt .
these sentiments will form part of the diplomatic test shaping roh &apos;s presidency from the start , for he must re-engineer relations with america at the same time that the bush administration is fretting about north korea &apos;s nuclear ambitions and its role in spreading weapons of mass destruction to rogue states .
schröder has been representing a moderately left political platform and agenda , one comparable to british prime minister tony blair &apos;s new labour philosophy or former us president bill clinton &apos;s centrism .
this legacy shaped the intellectual environment in which the father-and-son team of william and lawrence bragg were trained , and where lawrence bragg--first as an undergraduate and then as a research student--developed in 1912 the ideas that led to x-ray structural analysis .
but as iraq spirals into chaos , diplomats and leaders everywhere are again asking themselves if it is ever appropriate for alliances of nations or the international community as a whole to intervene when a sovereign country appears unable or unwilling to defend its citizens from genocide , war crimes , or ethnic cleansing .
but we want structured co-operation - meaning that some european states may press ahead in defense capacity - because we are not prepared to let the more cautious and hesitant dictate a recurrence of the balkan tragedy of the 1990 &apos;s , when europeans couldn &apos;t act and americans wouldn &apos;t ( for a while ) .
propaganda , streets lined with cheering iraqis , amazement over the prowess of us smart bombs , would not distract us from an awful truth-that bush and blair shattered world peace , engaged in massive premeditated killing , and did so against overwhelming global opinion .
starting at the epicenter in bentonville , arkansas , where sam walton opened his first store in 1962 , giant boxy wal-mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average american lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
sharon &apos;s transformation from villain to hero within the space of a mere few years is a source of fascination for his people , the region , and the world -- all the more so because his ultimate intentions will remain a subject of endless dispute among historians tomorrow and among politicians claiming to be his faithful heirs today .
baghdad has repeatedly accused the assad regime of allowing iraqi funds to be channeled to insurgents , and recently notified the syrians that the photograph of a senior syrian intelligence official taken with an islamist combatant was found on the latter &apos;s body in falluja .
at the end of the 1970 &apos;s , monetarists bet that only a transitory and modest increase in unemployment could rein in the creeping -- and trotting -- inflation of the industrial west , and that in retrospect the cost of returning to effective price stability would be judged worthwhile .
indeed , the pace of ecb warnings about the risks of inflation has quickened in recent months -- the earlier &quot; we are vigilant &quot; became &quot; we are particularly vigilant &quot; in september , which became &quot; strong vigilance with regard to upside risks to price stability is warranted &quot; in october .
on the israeli side , further disengagement from dozens of isolated and small settlements on the west bank , entailing the evacuation of between 20,000 and 30,000 settlers , may be politically feasible and would give the palestinians a contiguous territory on the west bank .
but the reality is that steps toward looser monetary policies are non-existent -- especially with the fledgling european central bank anxious to establish its inflation-fighting credibility -- and that steps toward structural reforms are half-hearted , hesitant , and small .
confronted with the problem of bringing about positive changes in a domestic or international environment that seems to defy the power of &quot; normal &quot; leaders , one looks for new alexanders to untie the &quot; gordian knot &quot; and transcend complexity by sheer force of will and dynamism .
finally , almost everyone agrees that governments , non-profit institutions , and energy companies should be spending far more to develop technologies that generate non-carbon-emitting power , that remove it from the atmosphere to forests or oceans , and that cool the earth by reflecting more of the sunlight that lands on it .
in their 2003 report , the trustees of the us social security administration trust funds estimate that maintaining the social security system &apos;s solvency for the next 75 years will require an amount whose present value is $ 3.5 trillion , nearly equal to today &apos;s total us government debt ( $ 3.9 trillion ) .
societies became racially and ethnically complex , as the european , amerindian , and african populations intermarried , but the long-term trend of european dominance , indigenous and afro-american subservience , and entrenched poverty became a scar on latin american societies .
but the response from eu institutions , namely the european central bank and the european commission , has been negative : candidate countries were told that they first must spend at least two years in the european exchange rate mechanism ( erm ii ) , where euro aspirants are expected to prove their policy mettle .
the northern european countries feared that deficit spending by the south might ultimately create pressure for partial monetization of their debt through inflation of the euro--or , more precisely , their leaders feared that investors , fearing the same thing , would demand higher interest rates .
the euro &apos;s weakness result from : - a failure to introduce the euro in one big bang , which incited endless debates and uncertainties rather than the certainty of a fait accompli .
but failure to proceed definitively now on kosovo &apos;s final status will produce a worse balkan situation , one that blocks serbia &apos;s move toward the west and ultimate membership in the eu , condemns kosovo &apos;s ethnic minorities to dangerous ambiguity , and imperils fragile states like bosnia and macedonia .
whom would you pick : an expert who balances conflicting arguments and concludes that the likeliest outcome is more of the same , or an expert who gets viewers on the edge of their seats over radical islamists seizing control and causing oil prices to soar ?
the palestinian leadership could also start down the difficult road of telling the refugees that -- contrary to almost 50 years of palestinian propaganda -- they will not return to israel , but will have to be settled in the west bank and gaza , the areas that will become part of the eventual palestinian state .
however , the main source of any german chancellor &apos;s strength is not to be found in the legal powers conferred upon him by the constitution ; it is the actual support he holds within his own party .
people in shanghai may not talk about london home prices , but shanghai &apos;s opinion leaders know what is happening in london , and the boom there makes it seem plausible that there should be a boom in shanghai , too .
we do not attempt to explain whether the american people were deliberately misled regarding the war &apos;s costs , or whether the bush administration &apos;s gross underestimate should be attributed to incompetence , as it vehemently argues is true in the case of weapons of mass destruction .
from stephen roach at morgan stanley to paul krugman at princeton , to the governors of the us federal reserve and the senior staff at the european central bank , to almost everyone in japan , economists all over the world are worrying about deflation .
erika steinbach , president of the association of deportees ( from the east ) and a member of stoiber &apos;s cdu , argues that the issue of the deportation of german populations is one faced by poles , czechs , slovaks and slovenes , thus taking in most of east / central europe .
but couple the generational changeover thaty put him in office with a strong popular desire for continued engagement with north korea--notwithstanding north korea &apos;s growing nuclear brinkmanship--and the recipe is complete for disputes with the us .
as surveyed in the united nations report the inequality predicament , few countries , rich or poor , have proved immune to the global trend of rising inequality , or to its consequences for education , health , and social welfare .
indeed , the accession countries that have not implemented a currency board have seen their budget deficits surge--exceeding 9 % of gdp in hungary in 2002 and more than 5 % in poland , the czech republic , and slovakia--while large capital inflows have kept their currencies under strong pressure to appreciate .
in san francisco , for example , the symphony runs a $ 23 million privately funded project -- called keeping score -- that includes a national public television series , radio shows , interactive music learning , and school music programs .
three psychological causes stand out : first , a change in people &apos;s perceptions about the source of value in a changing world economy ; second , increasing public faith in &quot; glamour &quot; cities with international name recognition ; and third , the plain giddy dynamics of speculative bubbles .
they may not pay as heavy a price as france a century and a half ago , when the popularly elected louis napoleon transformed himself , via a wildly popular referendum , into napoleon iii--that vote being the last the french would enjoy until the end of the second empire .
meanwhile , growing unemployment , widening skill and productivity gaps , and the &quot; informalization &quot; or &quot; casualization &quot; of labor markets have exacerbated income inequalities worldwide , as the number of &quot; working poor &quot; and the incidence of &quot; jobless growth &quot; has spread .
ironically , while arts advocates in the united states have long argued for adoption of the &quot; european model &quot; -- which has produced a rich and varied artistic life for europeans -- europe is being forced to change its system of support to one that depends more on private money and the box office .
but the recent death of the stability and growth pact-killed off by germany , its father , with france acting as co-conspirator and willing accomplice-reminds us of a key lesson : elected politicians find it hard , if not impossible , to relinquish substantial power in the area of fiscal policy .
foxes will often agree with hedgehogs up to a point , before complicating things : &quot; yes , my colleague is right that the saudi monarchy is vulnerable , but remember that coups are rare and that the government commands many means of squelching opposition . &quot;
nato peacekeeping troops were not directed to stop the abductions , disappearances , retaliation killings , and massive property destruction by groups of ethnic albanians , which led to a vast reverse ethnic cleansing of the non-albanian ( mainly serb ) population .
bernal moved back to cambridge as a lecturer in structural crystallography in 1927 , and in 1931 was promoted to assistant director of research in crystallography , by then a sub-department of the cavendish laboratory .
in developing countries , capital controls to prevent financial crises are feared as obstacles to attracting the finance necessary for industrialization , and as potential sources of corruption as financial flows somehow pass through the hands of the vice minister of finance &apos;s nephew-in-law .
the kosovo intervention was also notable in another way : its legitimation was entirely moral in character , responding to the milosevic regime &apos;s ethnic cleansing campaign , which had created a real threat of yet another immense humanitarian disaster .
with communism gone , however , the problem confronted by john paul ii and his church today is this : in what language can evangelical values be articulated in a world where evil is not incarnated in a political system but is diffused in individual souls ?
nevertheless , it &apos;s time to recognize that governments are ill-equipped to understand the sophisticated technological challenges and opportunities facing the world , and that new ways are needed to ensure that science and technology are given the prominence needed to address a wide range of increasingly urgent global problems .
in view of germany &apos;s most pressing problems - an accelerating demographic decline , an overregulated labour market , and a cloudy and confusing tax system - schröder &apos;s reform agenda may look far too timid , but many cuts have been perceived as extremely cruel by the spd &apos;s core constituency , especially the powerful labour unions .
he became director of the royal institution in london in 1923 , where he attracted some outstanding young scientists interested in the x-ray field . among them were two recent cambridge graduates , william astbury and john desmond bernal , who became interested in the problem of protein structure--astbury as a result of being asked by bragg to provide x-ray diagrams of wool and silk .
although the social democrats never really liked schröder ( they certainly do not love him in the way they did the unforgettable willy brandt ) , they willy-nilly followed him so long as they saw him as the only guarantor of electoral success after 16 frustrating years ( 1982-1998 ) in opposition to helmut kohl .
while americans claim that nmd is not directed against anyone , that all the us wants is to protect its citizens against states like iraq or north korea , almost everyone else thinks differently : russians fear that america wants to cement its military superiority ( and russia &apos;s inferiority ) forever ; the chinese are concerned that nmd signals american readiness to help taiwan remain independent ; europeans worry that america &apos;s plans invite tensions with russia and may separate the us from europe .
