nein .
no .
no .
no .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

danke .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

das waren wir .
that was us .
we were .
we were .

vielen dank euch .
thank you very much , guys .
thank you .
thank you very much .

das ist super wichtig .
that &apos;s super important .
that &apos;s important .
that &apos;s great .

sie sind alle wichtig .
they all matter .
they &apos;re all important .
they &apos;re all important .

hier ist das video .
here is the video .
here &apos;s the video .
here &apos;s the video .

wie interessiert sie sind .
how engaged you are .
how interested they are .
how interested you are .

ich bin schriftstellerin .
i am a writer .
i &apos;m a writer .
i &apos;m a writer .

und so war es auch .
and so i did .
and so it was .
and so it was also .

aber es wird noch schlimmer .
but it gets worse .
but it gets worse .
but it gets worse .

das ist eine großartige frage .
that &apos;s a great question .
that &apos;s a great question .
this is a great question .

die arbeit des interpreten .
the work of the interpreter .
the work of interprets .
the work of the interpret .

und dies öffnet eine karte .
and it opens up a map .
and this opens up a map .
and this opens a map .

was geschah also jahre danach ?
so what happened years afterward ?
so what happened for years ?
so what happened for years ?

wir waren zwanzig leute .
we were a group of twenty people .
we were 20 people .
we were 20 people .

ich habe nur zwei geliebt .
i &apos;ve loved only two .
i only loved two .
i just loved two .

die sagen dann immer , wieso ?
they then also say , why ?
they always say , why ?
they always say , why ?

ich lernte alles auswendig .
and i memorized everything .
i learned everything .
i learned everything .

ist das alles nur einbildung ?
is it just imaginary ?
is it all just education ?
is this all just education ?

der hat nicht diese seele .
it doesn &apos;t have this soul .
it didn &apos;t have that soul .
it doesn &apos;t have this soul .

wir können ihn nicht loswerden .
we can &apos;t get rid of it .
we can &apos;t get rid of it .
we can &apos;t get rid of it .

vielleicht sogar in unseren handys .
we maybe even &#91; have &#93; it in our cellphone .
maybe even in our cell phones .
maybe in our cell phones .

darunter sollten anderen dinge nicht leiden .
it shouldn &apos;t take away from other things .
below the other things shouldn &apos;t suffer .
they should not suffer other things .

das klingt angst einflößend .
it sounds scary .
that sounds frightening .
that sounds scary .

sonst können sie keine zähne haben .
otherwise you couldn &apos;t have teeth .
otherwise you can &apos;t have teeth .
otherwise you can &apos;t have teeth .

es gibt aber noch einen weiteren grund .
but there &apos;s another reason as well .
but there &apos;s another reason .
but there &apos;s another reason .

ich will ihnen das gerne mal beweisen .
i would like to prove that to you .
i want to prove it to you .
i want to show you that .

sie sehen etwas lustiges hier .
you see some fun stuff happening here .
you see something fun here .
you see something fun here .

ich halte das messer in meiner hand .
i hold the knife in my hand .
i hold it in my hand .
i think the knife in my hand .

die heißen heute projektträger .
today they &apos;re called project executing organizations .
the hot days today .
the so-called projects today .

zu fragen , was ist das richtige ?
to ask yourself , what is the right thing to do ?
ask , what is the right thing ?
to ask , what is the right ?

wen wollen sie eigentlich damit informieren ?
who are they actually supposed to be informing ?
who do you really want to inform with this ?
who do you really want to be informed with it ?

die frage ist , was kommt jetzt ?
we &apos;re still extremely attached to storytelling as a method of information brokerage .
the question is , what &apos;s next ?
the question is , what &apos;s going on now ?

ich vertrete menschen in todeszellen .
i represent people on death row .
i stayed in death cells .
i promised people in death row .

ich bin eine redundante person .
i &apos;m a redundant person .
i &apos;m a redundant person .
i &apos;m a speaker person .

und selbst lomborg denkt um .
and even lomborg has changed .
and even lomborg thinks .
and even lomborg thinks about it .

wir erwarten ein paar außergewöhnliche jahrzehnte .
we are living into extraordinary decades ahead .
we expect some extraordinary decades .
we expect a few extraordinary decades .

wir kommen später noch auf diese leute zurück .
we &apos;ll come back to these people later .
we &apos;ll come back to those people later .
we &apos;ll come back to these people later .

schlemmen ? ich war völlig verwirrt .
feasting ? i was totally confused .
bad ? i was completely confused .
bad ? i was completely confused .

aber das spiel ist ein formwandler .
but play &apos;s a shapeshifter .
but the game is a shape-shifting .
but the game is a formal transformation .

der unterschied wird dann als verlust wahrgenommen .
and the difference then , they perceive as a loss .
the difference will be perceived as loss .
the difference then is perceived as a loss .

es kam einfach nicht vor , wissen sie ?
it just didn &apos;t come up like that , you know ?
it just didn &apos;t come out , you know ?
it was just not before , you know ?

erinnern sie sich an die windel noch mal ?
remember those nappies again ?
do you remember the windmill ?
do you remember the winds ?

lassen sie mich ihnen zeigen , wie sie funktionieren .
let me show you how they work .
let me show you how they work .
let me show you how they work .

meine vierte technik : voraussetzung für komplexität .
my fourth technique : condition for complexity .
my fourth technology : predictions for complexity .
my fourth technology : predictions for complexity .

das ist das sogenannte osit-modell .
it &apos;s the so-called osit model .
that &apos;s what &apos;s called osit-model .
this is what &apos;s called the osistic model .

wir denken immer noch , sie seien ursprünglich .
we still think it is pristine .
we still think they &apos;re originally originally .
we still think they &apos;re originally .

also nochmal , das passte wirklich gut zusammen .
so again , that was a real good match .
so again , the most appropriate together .
so again , the passence really good together .

ich war total wissenschaftsbegeistert , wissen sie .
you know , i was a real science geek .
i was totally enthusiastic , you know .
i was totally excited about science , you know .

ich fange mit einigen einfachen beispielen an .
so , i &apos;m going to start with some simple examples .
i start with some simple examples .
i start with some simple examples .

wir haben also diese schrecklich vereinfachende idee .
and so we have this terribly simplistic idea .
so we have this terrible idea .
so we have this terrible idea .

ich will nie mehr etwas verschieben im leben .
i no longer want to postpone anything in life .
i never want to make a difference in life .
i never want to make a difference in life .

alle die so waren , begannen sich aufzuteilen .
and those that were like that started to split and divide .
all of them were so , they started sharing .
all of these were so , started sharing .

wie ich sagte , amanda trägt unser elegs .
amanda is wearing our elegs set .
as i said , amanda , our elephant .
as i said , amanda is our elephant .

es hat ein molekulargewicht von über 300 millionen .
it &apos;s over 300 million molecular weight .
it has a molecular weight of over 300 million .
it has a molecular weight of over 300 million .

und rückmeldung an meinen oberarzt zu geben .
and to report back to my attending .
and feedback back to my doctor .
and melting back to my doctor .

welches sind die emotionen , die gemessen werden können ?
what are the emotions that can be measured ?
what are the emotions that can be measured ?
what are the emotions that can be measured ?

dieser typ war ein held , jonas salk .
this guy was a hero , jonas salk .
this guy was a hero , jonas salk salk .
this guy was a hero , jonas salk .

ja , was für projekte machen wir jetzt eigentlich so ?
yes , what sort of projects do we actually work on ?
yes , what kind of projects we &apos;re doing now ?
yeah , what do we do for projects now ?

ich lernte , dass in einem augenblick alles anders ist .
i learned that it all changes in an instant .
i learned that everything else is different .
i learned that in a moment , everything is different .

8.000 spieler spielten das spiel 8 wochen lang .
we had 8,000 people play that game for eight weeks .
8,000 players played the game for eight weeks .
8,000 players played the game for eight weeks .

dienstag : anpassung wird total überbewertet .
tuesday : fitting in is way overrated .
tuesday : adapting to be totally overrated .
service : adaptation will be completely overwhelmed .

genauso , denke ich , setzen wir heute spiele ein .
now , this is exactly , i think , how we &apos;re using games today .
likewise , i think we &apos;re going to do a games today .
just as i think we &apos;re going to play today .

wir werden alle geboren . wir bringen kinder zur welt .
we &apos;re all born . we all bring our children into the world .
we &apos;re all born . we &apos;re bringing children to the world .
we &apos;re all born . we bring kids to the world .

also , machen sie sich keine sorgen um die klimaveränderung .
so don &apos;t worry about climate change .
so , don &apos;t worry about climate change .
so , don &apos;t worry about climate change .

die erste ist , dass wir uns nicht weiterentwickeln werden .
the first is that we will not evolve .
the first is that we &apos;re not going to continue to evolve .
the first is that we &apos;re not going to evolve .

wenn sie etwas zu geben haben , geben sie es jetzt .
if you have something to give , give it now .
if you have something , you give it to .
if you have something to give you , now you give it .

und wissen sie , was meine antwort auf all das ist ?
and you know what my response to all of that is ?
and you know what my answer to all of this ?
and you know what my answer is ?

und ich sehe denselben prozess im kombinieren von fotos .
and i see the same process with combining photographs .
and i see the same process combined by photographs .
and i see the same process of combining photographs .

man kann fast immer großartig aussehen für weniger als 50 dollar .
you can almost always look phenomenal for under $ 50 .
you can look great for less than 50 dollars .
you can almost look great for less than 50 dollars .

derzeit verbringen wir 3 milliarden stunden pro woche mit online-spielen .
right now we spend three billion hours a week playing online games .
now we spend three billion hours a week playing with online .
currently we spend three billion hours per week with online games .

wir haben also nicht so ein budget wie andere marken .
so we don &apos;t have the budgets that other brands have .
so we don &apos;t have a budget like other marks .
so we don &apos;t have a budget like others .

so funktioniert das überhaupt nicht für das erinnernde selbst .
that &apos;s not the way it works at all for the remembering self .
it doesn &apos;t work for your memories at all .
it doesn &apos;t work for the memory itself .

ich verkaufe schmusetiere im ganzen land , weltweit .
i sell pet toys all over the country , all over the world .
i sold shots of animals throughout the world .
i sell museum in the entire country , around the world .

sie konnte innerhalb eines zeitlichen lernrahmens stattfinden .
it could happen in learning time scales .
it could happen within a period of time .
she could find in a time-to-time learning framework .

kombiniert aber können sie etwas besonderes wie das hier kreieren .
but combined , they can create something like this .
but you can do something special about this .
but they can combine something special like this .

wenn wir städte herrichten , ist das tatsächlich eine große sache .
if we fix cities , actually it &apos;s a big deal .
when we build cities , that &apos;s actually a big deal .
if we build cities , that &apos;s actually a big thing .

das ist schon eine relativ beachtliche anzahl von leuten weltweit .
there &apos;s already a rather impressive number of people worldwide .
this is a relatively remarkable number of people around the world .
this is a relatively remarkable number of people around the world .

und sie tut dies aufgrund des inhalts in den bildern .
and it &apos;s doing that based on the content inside the images .
and she does this because of the content in the images .
and she does this because of the content in the images .

was wir uns hier also ansehen ist ein winziger computer chip .
so what we &apos;re looking at here is a tiny computer chip .
so what we &apos;re looking at here is a tiny chip computer chip .
so what we &apos;re looking at here is a tiny computer chip .

und ich dachte : &quot; moment mal , das klingt interessant . &quot;
and i was like , &quot; hold on . that sounds interesting . &quot;
and i thought , &quot; wait a minute , that sounds interesting . &quot;
and i thought , &quot; well , that sounds interesting . &quot;

das hat mich also richtig umgeworfen , und ich wollte mehr .
so , i was completely smitten by this , and had to do more .
so that got me right , and i wanted more .
so this made me get out right , and i wanted to do more .

wir haben uns vorher im so genannten vogt-zeitalter bewegt .
before this , we were in the so-called age of feudalism .
we &apos;ve moved on to this before , this is what we call the bird crisis .
we &apos;ve been moving in the so-called bird age .

eine folge dessen war , dass das telefon niemals kaputt war .
one consequence of that , by the way , is that the phone never broke .
a consequence was that the telephone was never broken .
one of them was that the phone never was broken .

es war ein laden , der draeger &apos; s hieß .
it was a store called draeger &apos;s .
it was a store called drapos .
it was a store that was called dragger &apos;s .

darum helfen sie da mit , fragen sie bei den leuten mal nach .
so you &apos;re helping out there , just ask the people .
that &apos;s why they &apos;re helping to ask for people .
that &apos;s why you &apos;re going to help , ask yourself at the people .

das verliert ja schon im ersten jahr die hälfte seines wertes .
it will lose half of its value in one year .
it &apos;s the first half of its value .
that &apos;s the first year half of his advertisement .

also , 10.000 stunden ist eine äußerst interessante zahl , aus 2 gründen :
now 10,000 hours is a really interesting number for two reasons .
so , 10,000 hours is a very interesting number , two reasons .
so 10,000 hours is a very interesting number , for two reasons .

wie sich herausstellte ist dna-synthetisierung sehr schwierig .
but it turns out synthesizing dna is very difficult .
it turns out that dna synthesization is very difficult .
it turns out that dna synthesization is very difficult .

hat ein einziger im publikum je jemanden an masern sterben sehen ?
has one person in this audience ever seen someone die of measles ?
has one single audience in the audience ever die of masks ?
does a single one in the audience ever see somebody on masses ?

aber wo wäre der nächste aed , um diesem patienten zu helfen ?
but where would be the nearest aed to help this patient ?
but where would the next aed be to help this patient ?
but where would the next aed to help this patient help ?

ich möchte mit einer geschichte abschließen , die mich wirklich begeistert hat .
let me share and close with a story that really got me excited .
i want to close with a story that really triggered me .
i want to end with a story that really was excited to me .

ich muss ihnen sagen : ich denke , das war ein großer fehler .
and i got to tell you , i think that was a huge error .
i have to tell you , i think it was a big mistake .
i have to tell you , i think that was a big mistake .

normalerweise steht man quasi nur daneben und manche kommen , andere nicht .
usually , you just kind of stand by , and some come along , some don &apos;t .
normally , you &apos;re just kind of standing there and some other people don &apos;t .
normally , you &apos;re just not just dancing and some of them , not others .

er hat den könig von siam zum abendessen eingeladen .
he invited over to dinner the king of siam .
he invited the king from sideam to dinner .
he invited the king of sidewalk to the dinner .

und ich möchte ihnen unbedingt meine outfits für diese woche zeigen .
and i &apos;d really love to show you my week &apos;s worth of outfits right now .
and i want to show you my outfits for this week .
and i want to show you my outcome for this week .

vielleicht sollten sie also vor dem interview ein wenig hiervon auflegen . &quot;
so maybe you should put some one before the interview . &quot;
so maybe you should give up a little bit of this . &quot;
so maybe you should put a little bit about this . &quot;

es ist ein unabhängiges gebiet . sie kontrollieren alle mineralvorkommen .
it &apos;s an independent territory . they control all mineral resources .
it &apos;s an independent area . they all control minerals .
it &apos;s a independent area . they control all minerals .

dann sind das verblassenden einflüsse der vorindustriellen kulturen .
what has an influence on our on our thinking and our ability to remember ?
then these are the supplies of the pre-industrial cultures .
and then they &apos;re the interconnected of the pre-industrial cultures .

wir entwickeln uns zu gemeinschaftlich denkenden , herzlichen wesen .
we are evolving to be a more collaborative and hearty species .
we &apos;re developing to collaborative thinking , heart beings .
we &apos;re developing ourselves in common equity , heart creature .

in welchem zusammenhang steht das zu den gedanken und gefühlen über sie selbst ?
how does this relate to your thoughts and feelings about who you are ?
what correlation is the thought and feelings about you ?
what is the relationship to the thoughts and feelings about you ?

wissen sie wie man einen 300ter in major league baseball nennt ?
do you know what they call a 300 hitter in major league baseball ?
do you know how to call a 3,000-plus in league ?
do you know how to call a 3-foot in leaf baseball ?

ich sah sie an und lächelte , aber sie sah sehr ernst aus .
and i would look at her and i &apos;d smile , but she was very serious .
i looked at them and smiled , but she looked very seriously .
i saw her and smiled , but she looked very serious .

ich habe mich also hingesetzt , und sie haben den tedtalk abgespielt .
so i sat down , and they played the tedtalk .
so i sat down , and they played the tedtalk .
so i set up , and they played the tedtalk .

die zukunft ist hier . wind , sonne und ein neues energiesystem .
future &apos;s over here . wind , sun , a new energy grid .
the future is here . wind , sun and a new energy system .
the future is here . wind , sun and a new energy system .

es ist etwas , an dem wir für die olympischen spiele in london arbeiten .
it &apos;s something we &apos;re working on for the london olympics .
it &apos;s something we &apos;re working on for the olympics in london .
it &apos;s something we &apos;re working on for the olympic games in london .

warum ? ich schrieb ein ganzes buch um zu versuchen es mir selbst zu erklären .
why ? i wrote a whole book to try to explain this to myself .
why ? i wrote a whole book to try and explain it myself .
why ? i wrote a whole book to try to explain it myself .

jetzt aber nicht mehr auf lokaler ebene , sondern auf globaler ebene .
but now it &apos;s not on the local level , but on the global level .
but now not more on local level , but on global level .
but now not on local level , but on global level .

aber es gibt einen hauptunterschied : der transistor war nur für experten .
but there &apos;s a main difference : the transistor was only for experts .
but there &apos;s a major difference : the transistor was just for experts .
but there &apos;s a major difference : the transistor was only for experts .

bg : nun , leider leben die skeptiker in sehr verschiedenen camps .
bg : well , unfortunately , the skeptics come in different camps .
bg : well unfortunately , life is the skeptic in very different camps .
bg : well , unfortunately , life alive in very different camps .

hat jemand den film &apos; schmetterling und taucherglocke &quot; gesehen ?
has everyone seen the movie &quot; the diving bell and the butterfly ? &quot;
anybody has seen the movie butterfly and pigeon ? &quot;
did somebody see the film &quot; butterfly and diving pockets ? &quot;

sie mussten auch ein blatt mit beispieltext aus dieser schreibmaschine registrieren .
you had to register a sample sheet of text out of the typewriter .
they also had to register a piece of text from this typewriter .
they also had to register a sheer from this writing machine .

öl ist ein problem , und kohle ist das gleichwohl grösste problem .
oil is a problem , and coal is the most serious problem .
oil is a problem , and coal is probably the biggest problem .
oil is a problem , and coal is the most common problem .

wieso ist es in spielen unmöglich , zu denken , man könnte nicht einfach alles erreichen ?
what about games makes it impossible to feel that we can &apos;t achieve everything ?
why is it impossible to play in games , you couldn &apos;t just reach everything ?
why is it impossible to play , you couldn &apos;t just reach everything ?

man braucht ja nicht mehr selbst musik zu machen , wenn es einem langweilig wird .
you no longer need to make music yourself when you &apos;re bored .
you don &apos;t need to do more music if it &apos;s boring .
you don &apos;t need to make any more music if it becomes boring .

man kann aber auch anders darüber denken , abhängig davon , wie wir unsere identität sehen .
but there &apos;s another way of thinking about where we are in our identity .
but you can also think differently about how we see our identity .
but you can also think differently , depending on how we see our identity .

wir haben heute dreißig gigawatt photovoltaik in deutschland .
we have thirty gigawatt of photo-voltaic power in germany .
we have three gigawatts of photovoltaics today in germany .
we now have three gigawatts of photovoltaics in germany .

bis in die 1980er war die farm in den händen von argentiniern .
until the 1980s , the farm was in the hands of the argentinians .
until the 1980s , the farm was in the hands of argentina .
until the 1980s , the farm was in the hands of argentina .

sie wissen , wie unbehaglich es ist in einem vollen aufzug zu sein ?
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a crowded elevator ?
you know , how uncomfortable it is to be in a wonderful way ?
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a powerful ?

die grundlage für vieles davon bilden technologien , und diese wachsen expotentiell .
underpinning much of this is technology , and of late , exponentially growing technologies .
the basis of this is in a lot of these technologies , and they &apos;re growing expotentially potentially .
the foundation for many of these technologies , and these are growing exclusively .

jedes hat vier verschiedene variationen ; man kann auswählen , welche man nutzen möchte .
each of these has four different variations , you get to choose which one you want to use .
each has four different variations ; you can select which one wants to use .
each one has four different variations ; you can choose what to use .

ich kann also einen schritt zurückgehen , und direkt zu einer spezifischen sektion springen .
so i can step back , pop right back into a specific section .
so i can go back to a step back , and right to a specific segment .
so i can go back to a step , and jump directly to a specific observation .

weil die haben jetzt schon zweimal den vorstandsvorsitzenden gewechselt .
because they changed their chairman of the board of directors twice now .
because now , the second time , you have the chairman of the board .
because they &apos;ve already transferred the prevention before .

amerika ist in einer krise , die wirtschaft , die nationale sicherheit , die klimakrise .
america is in crisis -- the economy , national security , the climate crisis .
america is in a crisis , the economy , the national security , the climate crisis .
america is in a crisis , the economy , the national security security , climate crisis .

wir entscheiden uns nicht zu entscheiden , auch wenn es gegen unsere eigenen besten interessen geht .
we choose not to choose , even when it goes against our best self-interests .
we don &apos;t decide not to decide , even though it &apos;s about our own best interests .
we don &apos;t decide to decide even when it comes to our own best interests .

wenn es in unserer familie ein band gibt , dann verläuft es durch die frauen .
if there is a sinew in our family , it runs through the women .
if there &apos;s one band in our family , it goes through the women .
if there &apos;s a band of our family , it &apos;s lost by women .

na gut , da steht dann vorne presto , das ist ein schnelles stück .
well , so it says presto at the top , so that &apos;s a fast piece .
all right , there &apos;s a quick pitch on the front , that &apos;s a quick piece .
well , there &apos;s prestare at the front of presto , that &apos;s a quick piece .

in dem verlaufen immer drei von den dieseln , zwei werden immer gewartet .
in it , there are always three diesels running , two are always maintained .
in the course of three of those , two are always being waited .
and over the course of that , three of the other , two will be warned .

trotz dieser warnung also wusste ich , dass irgendjemand die namensrechte kaufen würde .
so even with that caveat , i knew that someone would buy the naming rights .
so despite this warning , i knew anyone was going to buy the name of any nameless .
so despite that warning , i knew anybody would buy the rights rights right .

oh , sie kennen das . ok . prima . also haben wir einige spieler hier .
oh , you &apos;ve heard of that . ok , good , so we have some gamers among us .
oh , you know . ok . so we have some players here .
oh , you know that . ok . prima . so we have some players here .

so , o.k , um jetzt biologie zu hacken , braucht man ja irgendwie material .
so , okay , to hack into biology , you need material .
so , o.k , to hack out biology , you need some kind of material .
so , o.k to hack biology now , you need some kind of material .

es ist die begrenzte ressource , die wir verbrauchen während wir auf dieser welt sind .
it &apos;s the finite resource that we &apos;re spending while we &apos;re on this earth .
it &apos;s the limited resource that we need as we are in this world .
it &apos;s the limited resource we need while we &apos;re in this world .

es ist so ein großes molekül , dass wir es sogar mit dem lichtmikroskop sehen können .
it &apos;s such a large molecule we can see it with a light microscope .
it &apos;s such a big molecule that we can even see it with the light microscope .
it &apos;s so big molecule that we can even see it with the light microscope .

must-run heißt einfach , das kraftwerk läuft mit , um die frequenz zu halten .
must-run simply means the power plant is running too to keep up the frequency .
submersible is just simple , the power station is going to stop the frequency .
mutation is just called the power plant , to keep the frequency .

in diesem zeitraum , gab es vielleicht 20 oder 25 verschiedene spezien von hominiden .
in the interval , there have been perhaps 20 or 25 different species of hominids .
in this time period , there were maybe 20 or 25 different specialties of hominids .
in this period of time , maybe there were 20 or 25 different special specialities of hominids .

und anstelle von wirtschaftlichem stillstand sehe ich einen der größten wirtschaftlichen anschübe der geschichte .
and rather than having economic shutdown , we &apos;re about to have the biggest economic injection ever .
and instead of economics , i see one of the biggest economic shoots of history .
and instead of economists , i see one of the largest economic shots of history .

früher nachmittag , menschen hier und da , die anrufe tätigen und sich bewegen .
early afternoon , people here and there , making calls and moving .
it used to be afternoon , people here and there , who move calls for calls and moving .
before day afternoon , people here and there , the calls and move and move .

wollen sie knöpfe oder reißverschluss ? stein oder säure gewaschen ?
you want button fly or zipper fly ? you want stonewashed or acid-washed ?
do you want to get buttons or rice ? seats or bass ?
do you want to wash your buttons or rice ? stone or acid wash ?

und das ist das schöne daran , dinge zu kreieren , die benutzt werden und mit den menschen interagieren .
and that &apos;s the beauty of doing things that are used and interact with people .
and that &apos;s the beauty of creating things that are used and going to interact with people .
and that &apos;s the beautiful thing to create things that are used and interact with people .

der grund dafür ist , dass es eine menge vertrauen erfordert , mit jemandem ein spiel zu spielen .
and the reason is , it takes a lot of trust to play a game with someone .
the reason for this is that it requires a lot of trust to play with someone a game .
the reason for that is that there &apos;s a lot of trust with someone to play a game .

und zwar mit einer methode des rekombinierens , analog zur fortpflanzung . &quot;
and let &apos;s reproduce them by a process of recombination analogous to sex . &quot;
and with a method of recombination , analog to the plant . &quot;
and in fact , with a method of recombination , analog to the plant . &quot;

aber eine von denen mag mit etwas glück zwei nummern in die richtige reihenfolge rücken .
but one of them , by luck , may put two numbers in the right order .
but one of them may be happy with two nuggets in the right order .
but one of those who may be fortunate with something about two numbers in the right order .

und selbst wenn wir an die zukunft denken , denken wir an unsere zukunft normalerweise nicht als erlebnisse .
and even when we think about the future , we don &apos;t think of our future normally as experiences .
and even if we think about the future , we don &apos;t think of our future as experience .
and even if we think about the future , we usually think of our future as an experience .

man kann mich als farmer haben , oder in leder , aber niemand hat jemals farmer gewählt .
you can have me as a farmer , or in leathers , and no one has ever chose farmer .
you can have me as a farmer , or in the leaf , but nobody has ever counted farmers .
you can have me as a farmer , or in empty , but nobody ever elected .

die zusammenfassung enthält eine kurze übersicht und ein symbol für den bereich aus dem sie kommt .
so the summary consists of just a little synopsis and an icon to indicate the topical area that it comes from .
the summary contains a short run , and a symbol for the sphere that comes from .
the combination contains a short view , and a symbol of the area coming out of it .

und zwar , dass bwl-studenten trainiert wurden , den einen richtigen plan zu finden , ok !
and the reason is that business students are trained to find the single right plan , right ?
and that was that bwl students were training to find a real plan , ok .
and in fact , bwm students were trained to find a real plan , ok !

also trafen wir uns im dezember in dem sitzungssaal eines hotels in miami .
so in december we met in miami , in a hotel conference room .
so we met in the december of the hottest of a hotels in miami .
so we met in december in the hospital of a hotels in miami .

auch von beethoven weiß man , dass er mehr hörte , als er schon taub geworden war .
of beethoven we know that he listened more once he &apos;d already gone deaf .
even from beethoven , he heard more than he had already been deaf .
even by beethoven , you know that he was heard more than he had been deaf .

dies ist die geschichte von napoleon iii. in der mitte des 18. jahrhunderts .
so this is a story of napoleon iii in the mid-1800s .
this is the story of napoleion iii . in the middle of the 18th century .
this is the story of napoleon iiiiian . in the middle of the 18th century .

in den 70ern – eher zu beginn der 60er – förderte europa viele entwicklungsprojekte .
in the &apos; 70s -- well , beginning in the &apos; 60s -- europe did lots of development projects .
in the &apos; 70s -- rather early &apos; 60s -- a lot of developmental development projects .
in the &apos; 70s -- rather than the beginning of the &apos; 60s -- europe provided a lot of developments .

aber sonst , sind sie eine wunderbare umgebung für diese bakterien , genauso wie sie für ihr leben wichtig sind .
but otherwise , you are a wonderful environment for those bacteria , just as they are essential to your life .
but otherwise , they are a wonderful environment for these bacteria , just like they are important for their lives .
but otherwise , they &apos;re a wonderful environment for these bacteria , just as they are important for their lives .

und der verkäufer sagte , &quot; wollen sie schlanke , leicht anliegende oder weite ?
and the shopkeeper said , &quot; do you want slim fit , easy fit , relaxed fit ?
and the salesman said , &quot; do you want to borrow , easy or rigid ?
and the salesman said , &quot; do you want to go , easy or push ?

ist das etwas , woran sie uns teilhaben lassen können , weil sie jetzt ein paar minuten übrig haben ?
is that something you can share since you do have a few moments left now ?
is that something you can let us participate because you &apos;ve got a few minutes now ?
is this something you can participate in because you have a few minutes left ?

wenn du etwas über regierungstechnologie weißt , weißt du , dass es normalerweise nicht so läuft .
if you know anything about government technology , you know that this isn &apos;t how it normally goes .
if you know something about government technology , you know that it doesn &apos;t normally go .
if you know something about regional technology , you know it doesn &apos;t usually work .

frau : wenn dan eine marke wäre , wäre er wahrscheinlich ein klassisches mercedes cabrio .
if dan were a brand , he might be a classic convertible mercedes benz .
woman : if dan is a brand , he would probably be a classic mercedes of the rio .
now , if dan was a brand , he would probably be a classic master of rio .

stellen sie sich vor der bildschirm könnte einfach in unterschiedlichen formaten oder größen erscheinen , in unterschiedlichen auflösungen .
imagine your screen could just appear in different scales or sizes , different types of resolution .
imagine if the screen could just appear in different formats or bigger , in different solutions .
imagine that the screen could just appear in different formats or bigger , in different solutions .

das heißt , 15 pfund wildfisch sind nötig , damit man ein pfund zucht-thunfisch bekommt .
that means it takes fifteen pounds of wild fish to get you one pound of farm tuna .
this is called , 15 pounds of fish , so you need a pounds of tuna .
that means 15 pounds of fish are necessary to get a pound fish .

verstehen sie , es gibt zwei länder , die kontrollieren fast siebzig prozent der phosphorvorkommen weltweit .
you see , there are two countries that control almost seventy percent of the phosphorus reservoirs worldwide .
understand , there are two countries that control almost 50 percent of the phosphorus world &apos;s phosphorus .
you know , there are two countries that are controlling almost seven percent of the phosphorus worldwide .

in diesem unserem land gibt es für kinder lebenslängliche haftstrafen ohne bedingte strafaussetzung .
we have life imprisonment without parole for kids in this country .
in this country , there are children for food storage without punishment .
in this country , there &apos;s a living for children &apos;s life expectancy without punishment .

als kind hatte ich sammlungen von stöckern , steinen , kieseln und muscheln .
when i was a child , i had multiple collections of sticks and stones and pebbles and shells .
as a child , i had collected collections of sticks , a tip , kicks and mucks .
when i was a child , i had collectors of sticks , a box and mutations .

wir wissen , dass wir als menschliche wesen optimal funktionieren , wenn wir harte , bedeutende arbeit erledigen .
we know that we are optimized , as human beings , to do hard meaningful work .
we know that as human nature , when we work hard , when we do hard , significant work .
we know that we work as human beings , if we do hard , significant work .

der großteil der masseninhaftierungen in diesem land fand nicht wirklich in der klasse der gewaltverbrechen statt .
the great increase in mass incarceration in this country wasn &apos;t really in violent crime categories .
most of the mass incarceration in this country didn &apos;t really invent in the class of the violent crime .
most of the mass inferences in this country didn &apos;t really find in the class of violent crime .

weil häufig kommen nämlich leute , können sie &apos; s nicht benutzungsfreundlich machen , damit jeder damit umgehen kann .
because people often come and ask , can &apos;t you make it more user friendly , so that anybody can use it ?
because there are often people who can &apos;t make it friendly , so everyone can deal with it .
because often people get people , they can &apos;t make a user friendship so that everybody can deal with it .

wenn sie also das glück der beiden arten des selbst maximieren wollen werden sie am ende sehr unterschiedliche dinge tun .
so if you want to maximize the happiness of the two selves , you are going to end up doing very different things .
so if you &apos;re lucky enough to do both of these kinds of minds , you want to end up doing very different things .
so if you want to do the fortunate of both kinds of self , you &apos;re going to do very different things .

in anderen worten also ist die zukunft jedes jahr um ein jahr geschrumpft seit ich auf dieser welt bin .
so in other words , the future has kind of been shrinking one year per year for my whole lifetime .
so in other words , each year &apos;s future has shrunk a year since i was on this world .
so in other words , the future has been around a year for a year since i was in this world .

so entstehen dann einfach solche wörter , die wir auch in der sprache des politisch korrekten sprechens immer wieder verwenden .
we know that something else is really true .
so then just these words that we use in the language of political correct speech over and over again .
that &apos;s how simple words that we can use in the language of political correctly .

aber nicht nur das -- damit verschmelzen und vernetzen sie sich mit dem universum und anderen geräten da draußen .
but not only that -- it will integrate and network you to the universe and other devices out there .
but not only that -- they merge and they lined up with the universe , and there were other devices out there .
but not only that -- with that , they connect with the universe and other devices out there .

aber danny , im gesamten amerikanischen bestreben geht es um leben , freiheit , das streben nach glückseligkeit .
but danny , the whole american endeavor is about life , liberty , the pursuit of happiness .
but danny , in the entire american pursuit , it &apos;s about freedom , the pursuit of happiness .
but danny , in the entire american pursuit , it &apos;s about life , freedom , the pursuit of happiness .

und deswegen ist es auch so stark in uns verwurzelt , dass wir mit der virtualität so gut umgehen können .
and that &apos;s why it is so strongly rooted in us , this ability to deal with virtuality .
and therefore , it &apos;s so strong in us that we can deal with virtuality as well .
and so it &apos;s also so strong in us that we can deal with the virtual .

nun ist eine sprache nicht nur die gesamtheit des vokabulars oder eine reihe von grammatikregeln .
now , a language is not just a body of vocabulary or a set of grammatical rules .
now , language is not just the sum of the vocabulary or a series of grammar .
now , language is not just the total of the vocabulary or a series of grammatics .

wenn sie wissen möchten , wie der meeresspiegel durch landeisschmelze steigt hier fliesst sie ins meer .
if you want to know how sea level rises from land-base ice melting this is where it reaches the sea .
if you want to know how the sea level rise through ice melting , you &apos;re going to escalating into the ocean .
if you want to know how the sea level is melting through land ice sheets up here in the sea .

ich bin eben schon gefragt worden , ob dieser sack da ein sprechender sack ist und meiner statt sprechen wird .
i was just asked whether this sack is a talking sack and will talk for me .
i &apos;m just asked if this sack is a sack of the sack of my talk , and i will speak .
i &apos;ve been asked to ask if this sack is a sack of sack , and i &apos;m going to talk to you .

sind sie etabliert , traditionell , pflegend , beschützend , mitfühlend wie oprah ?
are you established , traditional , nurturing , protective , empathetic like the oprah ?
are they pointed , traditionally , nurtured , protective , compassionate , compassionate , like oprah ?
are they discarded , traditional , care , compassionate , compassionate , like oprah ?

und damit kann man dann die partikel stark genug beschleunigen und dann gehen die auch in die zwiebel rein .
and with that you can accelerate the particles strongly enough and then they enter the onions .
and then you can accelerate the particles to accelerate enough , and then go into the onion .
and then you can accelerate the particles strong enough , and then you go into the tent .

unsere absicht war , hineinzutauchen und sich das innere des schiffs anzusehen , was nie zuvor getan worden war .
and the idea was to go in and do an interior survey of that ship , which had never been done .
our intention was to dive and look at the inside of the ship , which had never been done before .
our purpose was to dive and look at the inside of the ship , which never had never been done before .

eine andere idee , die mich als kind faszinierte ist , dass eine ganze galaxie in einer einzigen murmel stecken kann .
another idea that really fascinated me as a child was that an entire galaxy could be contained within a single marble .
another idea that fascinated me as a child is fascinated that a whole galaxy can turn into a single murderer .
another idea that fascinated me as a child is that a whole galaxy can put in a single murder .

ich werde ihnen ein weiteres drastisches beispiel dafür geben , eine studie über investitionen in freiwillige altersvorsorge .
i &apos;ll give you one very dramatic example of this : a study that was done of investments in voluntary retirement plans .
i &apos;m going to give you another example of this , a study of volunteers in volunteers .
i &apos;m going to give you another dramatic example of this , a study about investing in volunteers .

es könnte , sagen wir zum beispiel , ein us- amerikanisches kraftwerk , oder eine chemieanlage in deutschland sein .
it could be , let &apos;s say for example , a u.s. power plant , or a chemical plant in germany .
it could be , say , for example , an american power station , or a chemical plant in germany .
it could say , for example , a usable power plant , or a chemical plant in germany .

und dann noch übergeordnete effekte wie tempo und lautstärke , die man auf die gesamte sequenz anwendet .
and then , overall effects like tempo and volume that apply to the entire sequence .
and then again , surpassed effects like speed and listening , which you apply to the entire sequence .
and then even more effective as tempo and loutstrength that you use on the entire sequence .

wissen sie , es ist lustig , denn als ich es zuerst gehört habe , es ist der ultimative respekt für das publikum .
you know it &apos;s funny , because when i first hear it , it is the ultimate respect for an audience .
you know , it &apos;s funny , because when i first heard it , it &apos;s the ultimate respect for the audience .
you know , it &apos;s funny , because when i heard it first , it &apos;s the ultimate respect for the audience .

also schaute ich mir spiele wie world of warcraft an , das die ideale umgebung zum gemeinschaftlichen problemlösen bietet .
so , i looked at games like world of warcraft , which is really the ideal collaborative problem-solving environment .
so i looked at games like the world of warcraft , which provides the ideal environment for collaborative problem-solving .
so i looked at games like world warning warning , which provided the ideal environment to the community .

ich war unter dem sternenhimmel in der wüste zusammen mit sufi-sänger mukhtiar ali .
i was in the desert , under the starry skies with the sufi singer mukhtiar ali .
i was in the star sketch of the desert with sufi much-smukar hali .
i was under the star sky in the desert with suifibroh mukhi .

die geschichten der darmspiegelungen waren unterschiedlich , und weil ein sehr entscheidender teil der geschichte ist , wie sie endet --
the stories of the colonoscopies were different , and because a very critical part of the story is how it ends .
the stories of darkness were different , and because a very important part of the story is how it ends .
the stories of the darwinian reflection were different , and because a very critical part of the story is how they finished .

an diesem arbeite ich . er nennt sich atlas detektor -- 44 meter in der breite , 22 meter im durchmesser .
this is the one i work on . it &apos;s called the atlas detector -- 44 meters wide , 22 meters in diameter .
i &apos;m working on this . he &apos;s called atlas detector -- 44 meters in the wide range , 22 meters across the diameter .
at this point , i &apos;m working . he &apos;s called atlas detector -- 44 meters in the range , 22 meters in diameter .

man beschäftigt sich dann , auch schon während des studiums , mit dem thema der wahrnehmung und der wahrnehmungspsychologie .
so even while studying , you deal with the topic of perception and perceptual psychology .
you &apos;re also busy looking at the issue of studying perception and the perceptual sychology .
you &apos;re busy , even during the study , with the issue of perception and the perceptual syrology .

der grund wird verändert . aus – in diesem fall – einem harten grund oder weichen korallen wird matschiger mist .
the bottom is transformed from , in this case , a hard bottom or soft coral into a muddy mess .
the reason is transformed . from -- in this case -- a harsh reason or soft corals , it &apos;s jellyfish .
the reason is going to change . in this case -- in this case -- a hard reason or wheat , is all matches .

sehen sie , wenn sie transparenz bei der google-suche eingeben ist das -- dies ist eins der ersten bilder , das erscheint .
see , when you do a google image search for transparency , this is --- this is one of the first images that comes up .
look , if you give transparency to the google search , this is one of the first images that seems to be .
see , if you give transparency in the google search for -- this is one of the first images that appears .

wir können 6.5 millionen unterschiedliche stereo anlagen zusammenstellen aus den komponenten , die in diesem einen geschäft angeboten werden .
we can construct six-and-a-half-million different stereo systems out of the components that are on offer in one store .
we can offload 6.5 million different stereos from the components that are offered in this business .
we can put 6.5 million different stereo together from the components that are offered in this business .

wir brauchen über fünf milliarden tonnen kohle , 30-plus milliarden fässer öl . das sind hundert millionen fässer am tag .
we use over five billion tons of coal , 30 billion-plus barrels of oil -- that &apos;s a hundred million barrels a day .
we need five billion tons of coal , 30-billion submersibles , which are hundreds of millions of times a day .
we need over five billion tons of tons of coal , 30-plus billions of oil , which is a hundred million strings a day .

und das ist eine sehr gute neuigkeit , denn es zeigt sich , dass wir sehr gut sind im kollektiven handeln mit digitaler technik .
and that &apos;s great news , because , it turns out , we &apos;re very good at collective action with digital technology .
and this is a very good news , because it turns out we &apos;re very good at acting in collective engineering with digital technology .
and that &apos;s a very good news , because it turns out that we &apos;re very good at collective action with digital technology .

und nachdem wir mit verschiedenen arten von käse experimentiert hatten , ging mir auf , dass dies ein gezielter angriff ist .
and after we experimented with different flavors of cheese , i realized , well , this is a directed attack .
and after experimenting with different kinds of cheese experiments , i went to see that this is a target attack .
and after we experimented with different kinds of cheese , i went to see that this is a target attack .

aber ein wichtiger punkt , den er macht ist : immer wen sie sich für eine sache entscheiden , entscheiden sie sich andere dinge nicht zu tun .
but one point it makes is that whenever you &apos;re choosing one thing , you &apos;re choosing not to do other things .
but more importantly , the power is : always who decides for a thing , decide not to do other things .
but more importantly , the power he is : always who you decide to decide for one thing , you decide not to do other things .

und diese zwei bilder erfüllen diese beiden anforderungen – aus der selben höhe geschossen und die gleiche beleuchtungsart .
and these two images both fulfill these two requirements -- shot at the same height and in the same type of light .
and these two pictures , these two demands -- from the same altitude and the same light and the same type of evidence .
and these two images fulfilling these two demands -- from the same altitude and the same lighting way .

aber trotz all dieser flut von arbeiten , gibt es mehrere kognitive fallen , die es sozusagen fast unmöglich machen , klar über glück nachzudenken .
but in spite of all this flood of work , there are several cognitive traps that sort of make it almost impossible to think straight about happiness .
but despite all of these tides of work , there are multiple cognitive cognitions that are almost impossible to think about happiness .
but despite all this fluctuation of work , there are several cognitive attitudes that are almost impossible to think about happiness .

also eine der intuitionen die sie über die jahre entwickelt haben , ist vermutlich , dass ein ding zur gleichen zeit nur an einem ort sein kann .
so some intuition that you may have developed over the years is that one thing is only in one place at a time .
so one of the intuitions that you &apos;ve developed over the years is probably a thing for the same time to be at a place .
so one of the intuitions that they &apos;ve developed over the years is probably that a thing can be just at the same time .

und eins davon ist , dass trotz all unserer errungenschaften eine milliarde menschen auf dieser welt jeden tag hungrig zu bett gehen .
and one of them is that despite all our accomplishments , a billion people go to bed hungry in this world every day .
and one of them is that despite all of our achievements , there &apos;s a billion people on this world every day to be hungry .
and one of them is that despite all of our achievement a billion people on this world every day of hungry .

wenn sie diese frage stellen denken sie , dass die leute in kalifornien glücklicher sein müssen wenn sie , sagen wir , in ohio leben .
when you ask that question , you think people must be happier in california if , say , you live in ohio .
if you ask this question , you think that people in california must be happier when they say we live in ohio .
if you think of this question , you know that people in california have to be happier when they say we live in ohio .

all diese menschen lehren uns , dass es noch andere existenzmöglichkeiten , andere denkweisen , andere wege zur orientierung auf der erde gibt .
all of these peoples teach us that there are other ways of being , other ways of thinking , other ways of orienting yourself in the earth .
all these people teach us that there are other litigation , other ways of thinking , other ways of orienting the earth .
all these people teach us that there are other existence opportunities , other ways of thinking , other ways to orient ways to the earth .

denn ich glaube um dies wirklich verstehen zu können , müssen wir einen schritt zurück gehen und uns die sache auf einer längeren zeitskala anschauen .
because i think the only way to understand this is to really step back and take a long time scale look at things .
because i think in order to really understand this , we need to step back and look at the thing on a longer scale .
because i think that really can be able to understand this , we have to go back to a step back and look at the cause of a rural title .

das erstaunliche daran ist , dass diese art informationen zu speichern über die zeit von 2,5 milliarden jahren , in der sie entstanden ist , gleich blieb .
the amazing thing is that that way of writing seems to have stayed steady since it evolved two and a half billion years ago .
the amazing thing about this is that this kind of information is stored over the age of 2.5 billion years , where it remained the same .
the amazing thing is that this kind of information is about time from 2.5 billion years ago , where it was born .

meine reaktion darauf war das zeichnen und malen von außerirdischen , außerirdischen welten , robotern , raumschiffen und all so was .
and so , my response to this was to paint , to draw alien creatures , alien worlds , robots , spaceships , all that stuff .
my response was to draw and paint on aliens , alien worlds , robots , robotic spaceship , spacecraft and all that .
my response to this was recorded and paint from alien , alien worlds , robotic space , spacecraft , spacecraft and all of the things .

nun , das ist nur ein beispiel , wie wir heute die stadt spüren können , auf eine art und weise wie wir es vor einigen jahren nicht konnten .
well , that &apos;s just one example of how we can sense the city today in a way that we couldn &apos;t have done just a few years ago .
now , this is just one example of how we can feel the city today , in a way , and how we couldn &apos;t do it a few years ago .
now , this is just an example of how we can feel the city today , in a way that we couldn &apos;t do it in a few years ago .

wenn man einen eisberg betrachtet , denkt man leicht dass sie isoliert sind , getrennt und allein , ganz so wie wir menschen uns oft sehen .
it &apos;s easy to think , when you look at an iceberg , that they &apos;re isolated , that they &apos;re separate and alone , much like we as humans sometimes view ourselves .
if you look at an iceberg , you think very easily that they are isolated and separate , and just as we see people often .
if you look at a polar mountain , you think you &apos;re easy to be isolated , and just as we see people as often .

ich glaube , dass , wenn man seine angestellten trainiert , risiken zu vermeiden , man die ganze firma darauf vorbereitet , einen profit zu erlangen .
i believe that when you train your employees to be risk averse , then you &apos;re preparing your whole company to be reward challenged .
i think that if you cook your employees , you avoid risks , you would prepare for doing all the company to do a long time .
i think if you &apos;re training to avoid the risks , you &apos;re preparing the whole company to make a profit .

aber es war immer noch ein wettrennen gegen die anderen freiwilligen um den verantwortlichen hauptmann zu erreichen und herauszufinden was unsere aufgaben sein würden .
but still it was a real footrace against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge to find out what our assignments would be .
but it was still a disconnect against the other volunteers to reach the main man and to figure out what our tasks would be .
but it was still a bet against the other volunteers to achieve the responsible man and figure out what our tasks would be .

er sagte : &quot; ja , federn , haut , knochenmehl , reste , getrocknet und zu futter verarbeitet . &quot;
he said , &quot; yeah , feathers , skin , bone meal , scraps , dried and processed into feed . &quot;
he said , &quot; yes , feathers , bone , bone marrow , checks and food . &quot;
he said , &quot; yes , feeds , skin , bone buttons , refugee , dry and decreased . &quot;

er ist ein poet , ein schriftsteller , ein mann , dessen ganzes leben von der einfachen hoffnung von einheit und freiheit seiner heimat zusammengehalten wurde .
he is a poet , a playwright , a man whose whole life had been balanced on the single hope of his country &apos;s unity and freedom .
he &apos;s a poet , a writer , a man whose life was held by the simple hope of hope and freedom of his home .
he &apos;s a poet , a writer , a man whose whole life was held by the simple hope of freedom and freedom of his home .

denn während sie damit beschäftigt sind , sich klarzumachen , dass sie nicht beweisen können , dass es keine vorhersager gibt , ist der mann ganz glücklich .
because while you are busy telling yourself that you can &apos;t prove that there are no predictors , your counterpart will be very happy .
because while they &apos;re busy making sense that they can &apos;t prove that there &apos;s no predictable , the man is very happy .
because while they &apos;re busy , they &apos;re clear that they can &apos;t prove that there &apos;s no prediction , the man is very happy .

schauend auf eine bestimmte dieser zusammenfassungen kann ich dann in das thema time magazines &quot; menschen des jahres &quot; hinein gehen , und alle zusammen sehen .
looking at one of these particular summaries , i can then drill into the concept of time magazine person of the year , bringing up all of them .
so , looking at one of these constraints , i can then go into the time magazine , &quot; people in the year of the year , &quot; and see all of these .
so on a particular summary , i can then go into the theme of time magazine , &quot; people go into the year of the year , and all look together .

die anerkennung wird langsam sein in den vereinigten staaten , keine frage , aber im vereinigten königreich passiert sie gerade und in anderen ländern passiert sie gerade .
the recognition is going to be slow in the united states , no question about that , but in the u.k. , it is happening , and in other countries it is happening .
the recognition is going to be slowly in the united states , not a question , but in the united kingdom , it &apos;s going to happen in other countries .
the recognition is going to be slowly in the united states , not a question , but in the united kingdom , it &apos;s happening in the united states , and in other countries they &apos;re just going to happen .

der größte teil der fische , die kleinen punkte dort auf den trümmern , den trümmerhaufen , waren korallenriff-fische .
and actually most of the fish , they are a little spot on the debris , the piles of debris , were coral reef fish .
the biggest part of the fish , the small dots on the trunks , the trunks of the trunks , were coral reefs .
the biggest part of the fish , the little dots there on the trunk , the trunk of glass , were coral reefs .

dann bildete sich diese gemeinschaft von leuten , die diesen großen insiderwitz teilten , und anfingen darüber zu reden und damit zu herumzuspielen .
and so then this community formed of people who shared this big inside joke and they started talking about it and doing things with it .
then , this community of people who shared this huge joke joke joke , and started talking about it , and started talking about it .
and then these community of people who shared this great insight , and started talking about it and talking to them .

warum haben nicht die schlagfertigkeit eines ken jennings hben , vor allem , wenn man es erweitern kann mit der nächsten generation der watson-maschine ?
why not have the quick wit of a ken jennings , especially if you can augment it with the next generation of the watson machine ?
why not have the power of a shrinking , especially if you can extend it to the next generation of the city ?
why don &apos;t we have the headline of a broader , especially if you expand it with the next generation of sunwaters ?

ich glaube , dass wir gelernt haben , dass die worte eines lehrers bedeutung haben , aber das die worte eines engagierten lehrers besonders bedeutungsvoll sind .
and i think what we &apos;ve learned is that , if you &apos;re a teacher your words can be meaningful , but if you &apos;re a compassionate teacher , they can be especially meaningful .
i think we learned that the words of a teacher have meaning , but the words of a committed academics are particularly meaningful .
i think that we &apos;ve learned that the words of a teacher have meaning , but the words of a dictionary are particularly meaningful .

also in einem kraftwerk zum beispiel , wenn die große dampfturbine zu schnell wird , muss man entlastungsventile innerhalb von millisekunden öffnen .
so for example , in a power plant , when your big steam turbine gets too over speed , you must open relief valves within a millisecond .
so in a power station , for example , when the great turnout is becoming fast , you have to open ventilation within a milliseconds .
so in a power plant , for example , if the great steam is going to be fast , you have to open it into a millimeter of milliseconds .

tatsache ist , dass , wenn sie nur von einer sache den preis verringern könnten , zur armutsverringerung wäre energie bei weitem am effektivsten .
in fact , if you could pick just one thing to lower the price of , to reduce poverty , by far you would pick energy .
in fact , the fact is that if you could only reduce the price down to poverty , you would be more effective at all .
the fact is that if you could reduce just a price of the price , to reduce poverty , energy would be more effective at the most effective .

wir schenken neuen technologien große beachtung , aber für den fortschritt bedarf es technologien und gesetzen . und es sind für gewöhnlich gesetze , die uns zurückhalten .
we pay a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes technologies and rules to get progress , and it &apos;s usually the rules that hold us back .
we &apos;re giving rise to new technologies , but for the progress of technology and laws and laws , and it &apos;s common for ordinary laws that keep us back .
we get new technologies , but for the progress of technology , and it &apos;s common for common laws that keep us back .

es wird nicht mehr lange dauern , bis die realität sein wird , dass es die 1.000 $ menschlichen genome geben wird , und es wird zunehmend für jedermann verfügbar sein .
it won &apos;t be very long before the reality will be the 1,000-dollar human genome , and it will be increasingly available for everyone .
it &apos;s not going to be long before the reality is that there will be 1,000 human genomes , and it will be increasingly available for everybody .
it &apos;s not going to be much long , until the reality will be that there will be 1,000 human genomes , and it will be increasingly available for everybody .

sie nahm mich mit nach draußen und sagte : » bryan , ich werde dir etwas erzählen , aber du musst versprechen , dass du es nicht weitersagst . «
she took me out back and she said , &quot; bryan , i &apos;m going to tell you something , but you don &apos;t tell anybody what i tell you . &quot;
she took me out and said , &quot; bryan , i &apos;m going to tell you something , but you have to promise you don &apos;t tell it . &quot;
she took me out and said , &quot; bryan , i &apos;m going to tell you something , but you &apos;ve got to promise that you &apos;re not going to be on . &quot;

maria hingegen , kann nicht in allen bundesstaaten das gleiche recht wahrnehmen , das heinrich in allen staaten hat , und zwar das recht zu heiraten .
mary , meanwhile , cannot in all the states have the same right that henry has in all the states , namely , the right to marry .
maria hints , not in all states , can perceive the same right to perceive the same thing in all states , and the right to marry .
maria can &apos;t be perceived in all the states of the same thing , the same thing that has in all states , and that &apos;s right to marry .

die daten kamen herein aus den usa , aus england , aus schweden , aus kanada , und sie waren alle gleich , keine korrelation , keine verbindung , gar keine .
the data came back from the united states , from england , from sweden , from canada , and it was all the same : no correlation , no connection , none at all .
the data came from the united states , from england , from sweden , from canada , and they were all the same , no relationship , no relationship , no connection .
the data came from the u.s. , from england , from sweden , from sweden , from canada , and they were all the same , no correlation , no connection , no connection .

das ist ja irgendwie für die hackerszene sehr traurig , weil das gar nicht das trifft , was sie eigentlich wie das eigentlich angefangen hat und was eigentlich dahinter steht .
that &apos;s rather sad for the hacker community , because it doesn &apos;t at all fully describe what they actually how it actually all started and what &apos;s behind it .
it &apos;s kind of like the hairs shot very sad because it doesn &apos;t happen what it actually started like , and what &apos;s actually going on behind it .
this is kind of like the hazard scenes very sad , because it doesn &apos;t matter what it actually started in the way that actually started and what &apos;s actually going on .

er wurde im alter von zwei jahren in das gefängnis geschmuggelt , um sich unter ihrem rockzipfel zu verstecken , da sie ohne ihn nicht leben konnte .
he was smuggled into the jail at the age of two to hide beneath her skirt tails because she couldn &apos;t bear to be without him .
he was smuggled in the age of two years in prison to hide in her rockcite , because she couldn &apos;t live without him .
he was put in the age of two years in prison to hide under her rockets , because she couldn &apos;t live without him .

das heißt , aus dem lokalen dorf ist eigentlich ein globales dorf geworden mit den gleichen prinzipien , möglichst natürlich , möglichst intuitiv , aber auch die totale transparenz .
that means the local village has turned into a global village with the same principles : as natural as possible , as intuitive as possible , but also with complete transparency .
that means that the local village has actually become a global village with the same principles , of course , in general , but also the transparency of the total transparency .
that means that from the local village , in fact , has become a global village with the same principles , of course , intuitive , but also the total transparency .

nun möchte ich nicht , dass sie zuviel zeit verwenden sich die zeugung vorzustellen , weil , wenn sie sich die ganze zeit die zeugung vorstellen , werden sie mir nicht zuhören .
now i don &apos;t want you to spend too much time imagining the conception , because if you spend all that time imagining that conception , you &apos;re not going to listen to me .
now , i don &apos;t want you to spend a lot of time thinking about the power , because , if you imagine the whole time , you won &apos;t listen to me .
now , i don &apos;t want you to spend a lot of time doing the stuff , because if you think about the entire time , you &apos;re not going to listen to me .

auf neun menschen , die wir hingerichtet haben , kommt einer , den wir für unschuldig befunden haben , der entlastet und aus der todeszelle entlassen wurde .
for every nine people who have been executed , we &apos;ve actually identified one innocent person who &apos;s been exonerated and released from death row .
in nine people that we &apos;ve executed , one that we &apos;ve done for innocent people , which has been devised and taken out of death .
in nine people that we &apos;ve added , one that we &apos;ve added for innocent debt , which was made out of death cell .

ich habe meiner frau gesagt , immer wenn ein mensch in einer moralischen rechtfertigung das wörtchen weil verwendet , sollten wir versuchen , es durch das wörtchen obwohl zu ersetzen .
i told my wife , whenever a person uses the word because to morally justify something , we should try to replace it with the word although .
i &apos;ve always told my wife , whenever a human in a moral skills because we should try to replace it , we should try to replace it with literally speaking .
i told my wife , always when a human being used in a moral skill , because we should try to replace it through the words .

grundsätzlich bekommt man jede runde auf jeden siftable zufällig zugewiesene buchstaben und während man versucht , wörter zu bilden , werden diese über ein wörterbuch geprüft .
basically , in every round you get a randomly assigned letter on each siftable , and as you try to make words it checks against a dictionary .
basically , you get all the money on sideways at random , and while you &apos;re trying to form words , these words are punched over a dictionary .
basically , you get every round on your sidewalk random letters , and as you try to form words , these are viewed over a dictionary .

und als ich diese idee im winter hatte , wusste ich , dass ich mehrere monate bräuchte , um sie zu planen , die verschiedenen orte zu finden für die stücke des puzzles .
and getting this idea during winter , i knew that i had several months to plan it , to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle basically .
and when i had this idea in the winter , i knew i &apos;d spent several months to plan them to find the different places for the pieces of the piece .
and when i had this idea in winter , i knew that i wanted several months to plan to plan them to find different places for the puzzles of the puzzles .

und so sehe ich mich als eine der personen , gemeinsam mit dem meisten anderen experimentellen quantenphysikern , die einen guten anteil logik benötigen um die komplexen ideen zusammen zu fügen .
and so i consider myself one of these people , along with most of the other experimental quantum physicists , who need a good deal of logic to string together these complex ideas .
and so i look at myself as one of the people who together with the most experimental quantum physics , which require a good logic to bring the complex ideas together .
and so i look at myself as one of the people in common with most experimental quantum physicians who need a good logic to add the complex ideas .

als ich also anfing , mit den firmen zu sprechen und ihnen zu erzählen , dass wir diese geschichte erzählen wollten , sagten sie : &quot; nein , wir wollen , dass du eine geschichte erzählst .
now when i started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , &quot; no , we want you to tell a story .
so when i started talking to the companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story , they said , &quot; no , we want you to tell a story .
so when i started talking to the companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story , they said , &quot; no , we want you to tell a story .

und in dieser gemeinschaft erkennt man , dass die wichtigste sache die achtung ist , die man vor einander hat , weil man eine aufgabe bewältigt hat , die man keinem anderem erklären kann .
and in that bond , you realize that the most important thing is the respect that you have for them and that they have for you , that you &apos;ve done a task that you can &apos;t explain to someone else .
and in this community , you realize that the most important thing is the epiphany that you have in front of each other because you have a job that you can explain to you .
and in this community , you realize that the most important thing you have in front of each other is because you have a task that you can explain to you .

natürlich waren die geschichten , die ich mir aussuchte , aus dem science-fiction-bereich : &quot; terminator &quot; , &quot; aliens &quot; , und &quot; abyss &quot; .
and of course the stories that i chose to tell were science fiction stories : &quot; terminator , &quot; &quot; aliens &quot; and &quot; the abyss . &quot;
of course , the stories i was looking for was the science fiction part , &quot; terminator , &quot; aliens , &quot; and &quot; abyss . &quot;
of course , the stories that i was looking for , from the scieni area , &quot; terminator , &quot; terminator , &quot; &quot; aliens , &quot; and &quot; abyss . &quot;

im letzten monat hatte ich das vergnügen , mit der qualcomm-stiftung den so genannten &quot; $ 10 millionen qualcomm tricorder x prize &quot; anzukündigen .
last month , i had the pleasure of announcing with qualcomm foundation something called the $ 10 million qualcomm tricorder x prize .
last month , i had the pleasure , with the alquisian foundation foundation , called &quot; $ 10 million qualities of the correct prize winners . &quot;
in the last month , i had the pleasure with the quali foundation , which was called &quot; $ 10 million qualcomedy comedy of the x prize . &quot;

aber morgen kann es , um uns den kommenden herausforderungen zu stellen – denken sie da an den klimawandel oder die co2 emissionen – wie können wir dann von der digitalen welt zur physikalischen wechseln .
but tomorrow it can be , in order to tackle today &apos;s pressing challenges -- think about climate change or co2 emissions -- how we can go from the digital world to the physical one .
but tomorrow , it can be for us to think about the challenges -- think about climate change or the co2 emissions -- as we can shift from the digital physical world to the physical .
but tomorrow can ask us to think about the next challenges -- think about climate change or co2 emissions -- as we can then change the digital world to the physical world .

also ganz , ganz spannende prozesse , die dann in dieser , ja , grau ist sie ja eigentlich nicht , aber hier eben in dieser rosanen masse eben entsprechend ablaufen .
so these are really exciting processes , which take place accordingly in this , well , it &apos;s not really a grey area , but in this rose-tinted area .
all right , very exciting processes , which are then in this , yes , gray she &apos;s actually not here , but there &apos;s no sane mass out there in that sanctuation .
so , very exciting processes , which is in this , yes , it &apos;s not actually , but here in this root mass .

so tendierten die menschen , die sich entschieden teilzunehmen , eher dazu , dass je mehr möglichkeiten ihnen zur verfügung standen , desto mehr vermieden sie es aktien und fonds zu wählen .
so for those people who did choose to participate , the more choices available , the more likely people were to completely avoid stocks or equity funds .
so the people who chose to participate in part were more likely to give them more choices , the more they rent them and to vote .
so the people who decided to participate themselves to participate more , the more the more the more the more possibilities they would have , the more the more they rented it and choose to choose .

wie groß müsste denn eigentlich so eine batterie sein , damit man so eine insel auf zwanzig , dreißig , vierzig , fünfzig , vielleicht sogar siebzig prozent erneuerbare bringt .
how big would a battery like that actually have to be to get to twenty , thirty , forty , fifty , maybe even seventy percent renewable energies .
as big as a battery would have to be , in fact , a battery , so that you can put an island on 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , maybe even 50 percent renewables .
how big would you have to be like a battery , so you could have an island on 20 , three , four , five , five , five , maybe even seven percent renewable renewable .

telefonie , computer , videobänder , cd-roms und so weiter sind alles unsere spezialisierten mechanismen , die wir in unserer gemeinschaft gebaut haben , um diese informationen handhaben zu können .
telephony , computers , videotapes , cd-roms and so on are all our specialized mechanisms that we &apos;ve now built within our society for handling that information .
phones , computers , video cables , roms and so on are all of our specialized mechanisms that we built in our community to have this information .
telephones , computers , video games , candroms and so on are all our specialized mechanisms that we built in our community to have this information .

ja , es sind 97,5 prozent salzwasser , 2 prozent sind vereist , und wir kämpfen um 0,5 prozent des wassers auf dem planeten , aber hier gibt es auch hoffnung .
yes , 97.5 percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fight over a half a percent of the water on this planet , but here too there is hope .
yes , it &apos;s 7.5 percent of saltwater , two percent are raped , and we &apos;re fighting to fight 0.5 percent of the water on the planet , but there &apos;s also hope .
yes , it &apos;s 9.5 percent saltwater , 2 percent are failed , and we fight 0.5 percent of the water on the planet , but there &apos;s also hope .

und tatsächlich wenn ich oder meinen kollegen wüssten , dass ein orthopäde in meinem krankenhaus jemandem das falsche bein abgenommen hätte , dann glauben sie mir , ich hätte probleme ihm in die augen zu schauen .
and in fact , if i knew and my colleagues knew that one of my orthopedic colleagues took off the wrong leg in my hospital , believe me , i &apos;d have trouble making eye contact with that person .
and in fact , if i knew my colleagues , that an orthopedic table in my hospital would have taken me to believe it , i would have problems to look inside the eyes .
and in fact , if i knew or my colleagues knew that a orthopard in my hospital would have taken the wrong leg , then believe me , i would have problems in the eyes .

das ging so 15 oder 20 minuten . dann stand sie auf und kam zu mir herüber . sie nahm mich bei der hand und sagte : » komm , bryan . du und ich , wir müssen reden . «
and after about 15 or 20 minutes of this , she got up and she came across the room and she took me by the hand and she said , &quot; come on , bryan . you and i are going to have a talk . &quot;
this went on for about 15 or 20 minutes , and then she got up to me , and she took me on the hand , and she said , &quot; come here , yan . you have to talk , and i need to talk . &quot;
this was about 15 or 20 minutes . then she stood up , and she came to me , and she took me to my hand , and she said , &quot; come , come , come on . you know , i have to talk . &quot;

und von dieser seele denken sie nun , dass sie irgendwie in dieser wolkigen natur , in dieser luftigen natur , anima heißt es im lateinischen , der lufthauch , präsent sei .
and when this breath of air pours out onto a human , the human is filled with dignity , with mind , with nature that can only live with a soul .
and from this soul you think it &apos;s sort of in this cloudy cloud , in this lufin nature , it &apos;s called the latch , which is also present .
and from this soul , you &apos;re thinking that you &apos;re kind of in this cloudy nature , in this funny nature of nature , which is called the latin , which is also precise .

kann ich ihnen einen bug in ihrem leben geben , der mutig jeder welle trotzt , das unbeirrte , stetige tuckern des motors , den weiten horizont , der nichts garantiert ?
can i give them a bow in their lives , dipping bravely into each wave , the unperturbed and steady beat of the engine , the vast horizon that guarantees nothing ?
can i give you a bug in your life that drives every threshold , the unrated , scrutiny , motors of the motors , the horizon that doesn &apos;t guarantee you ?
can i give you a bug in your life , the courageous threshold of every wave , the unprecedented , steal tubes of the motors , the horizon , the guarantee is not guarantee ?

aber wichtiger an dieser app ist , dass sie eine neue generation repräsentiert , die das problem der regierung anpackt -- nicht als das problem einer verknöcherten institution , sondern als ein problem des kollektiven handelns .
but what &apos;s more important about this app is that it represents how a new generation is tackling the problem of government -- not as the problem of an ossified institution , but as a problem of collective action .
but more importantly , this app is a new generation that presents the problem of government -- not as a problem of sales , but as a problem of collective action .
but more importantly , in this app , it represents a new generation , the problem of government -- not as a problem of a problem , but as a problem of collective action .

bg : ja . nun , was mit dem müll passiert : man kann ihn sitzen lassen -- es gibt viel weniger müll mit dieser methode -- dann nehmen sie ihn und packen ihn in den nächsten reaktor und verbrennen es weiter .
bg : yeah . well , what happens with the waste , you can let it sit there -- there &apos;s a lot less waste under this approach -- then you can actually take that , and put it into another one and burn that .
bg : yeah . well , what happens to the waste : you can sit it -- there &apos;s much less garbage in this way -- then you take it and you put it into the next reactor and burn it .
bg : yeah . now what happens with the waste : you can sit down -- there &apos;s a lot less waste with this method -- then you take it and put it in the next reactor and burn it .

es gibt zehntausende maschinen rund um die welt die kleine stücke von dna herstellen können , 30 bis 50 buchstaben lang aber es ist ein degenerativer prozess , also je länger man ein stück macht , umso mehr fehler passieren .
there are tens of thousands of machines around the world that make small pieces of dna -- 30 to 50 letters in length -- and it &apos;s a degenerate process , so the longer you make the piece , the more errors there are .
there are tens of thousands of machines around the world that can make little pieces of dna , 30 to 50 letters , but it &apos;s a degenerative process , so the longer one makes a piece of error , the more mistakes that happen .
there are tens of thousands of machines around the world that can make small pieces of dna , 30 to 50 letters long , but it &apos;s a degenerative process , so the longer you do a piece of power , the more you do .

aber , der knifflige teil folgt am nächsten morgen , wenn der tänzer selbst aufwacht und erkennt , dass es 11 uhr an einem dienstag ist – und er nicht länger ein fünkchen von gott in sich trägt .
but , the tricky bit comes the next morning , for the dancer himself , when he wakes up and discovers that it &apos;s tuesday at 11 a.m. , and he &apos;s no longer a glimpse of god .
but , the tricky part follows the next morning , when the dancer wasps up and realizes that it &apos;s 11 o &apos;clock in a tuesday -- and it &apos;s no longer a fifth of god in your god .
but , the tricky part of the next morning , when the dancer of himself wake up and recognizes it &apos;s 11 o &apos;clock -- and he &apos;s not a fifth of god .

aber wenn wir es schaffen , dass sich ein effektives windows-virus auf einem laptop einnistet , der von einem wartungsingenieur verwendet wird , um diese graue box zu konfigurieren , dann sind wir im geschäft .
but if we manage to place a good windows virus on a notebook that is used by a maintenance engineer to configure this gray box , then we are in business .
but if we can do it , a more effective windows virus hit a laptop on a laptop that &apos;s used by a waiting engineer to get this box and then we &apos;re in the business .
but if we can create a more effective virus on a laptop , which is used by a warning engineer to contain this gray box , then we &apos;re in business .

na und da sitze ich nun , auf dem deck der titanic , in einem tauchboot , und sehe planken , die diesen brettern hier ziemlich ähneln und von denen ich weiß , dass einst die band dort gespielt hat .
so , you know , here i am now , on the deck of titanic , sitting in a submersible , and looking out at planks that look much like this , where i knew that the band had played .
and i &apos;m sitting there now on the front of the titanic , in a dive , and i see the board that &apos;s pretty similar to this board , and i know that the tape has played there .
well , i &apos;m going to sit on the titanium of titanic , in a dive boat , and it &apos;s going to be planning , which is pretty similar to these leaves here , and that i know that the tags played there .

das sind also die drei hauptangriffsgruppen : kriminelle , die es des geldes wegen tun , hacktivisten wie anonymous , die damit widerstand leisten , aber die letzte gruppe sind nationen , regierungen , die die angriffe leiten .
so those are the three main attackers : criminals who do it for the money , hacktivists like anonymous doing it for the protest , but then the last group are nation states , governments doing the attacks .
so these are the three major griffs groups : criminals who do it because of the money , hackers such as anonymous , but the last group is the last group , governments , who run the attacks .
so these are the three major grim groups : criminal groups that are doing it because of the money , hackers like anonymous , who are resistant to it , but the last group are the last nations that lead the attacks .

wenn wir diesen wunsch nicht kriegen , wird der graben zwischen langfristig und kurzfristig denkenden menschen schrecklich werden , zwischen den usa und china , zwischen armen und reichen ländern. und fast alle leben dieser 2 milliarden werden sehr viel schlechter sein .
if we don &apos;t get this wish , the division between the people who think short term and long term will be terrible , between the u.s. and china , between poor countries and rich , and most of all the lives of those two billion will be far worse .
if we don &apos;t get this wish , the needs between long-term and short-term people will become terrible between the u.s. , between the united states and china , between poor and poor people , and rural lives , and almost all of these two billion are going to be much worse .
if we &apos;re not going to get this wish , it &apos;s going to be buried between long-term and short and short , between the united states , between the united states and china , between the poor and poor and rural areas and almost all of these lives are going to be very bad .

zusammen bilden die unzähligen kulturen der welt ein netz aus spirituellem und kulturellem leben , das die erde umhüllt und für das wohl der erde genauso wichtig ist , wie das biologische lebensnetz , das man als biosphäre kennt .
now , together the myriad cultures of the world make up a web of spiritual life and cultural life that envelops the planet , and is as important to the well-being of the planet as indeed is the biological web of life that you know as a biosphere .
together , the countless cultures in the world form a light of spiritual and cultural life that will save the earth and the earth for the earth as well as a biological network that you know , as a biosphere .
together , the uncountless cultures of the world is a network of spiritual and cultural life , which is filled with the earth , and probably for the earth , is as important as the biological environment that you know as biosphere .

später am tag fuhr ich auf diesem grundstück mit miguel herum und ich fragte ihn , ich sagte : &quot; für einen ort , der so natürlich zu sein scheint &quot; , anders als jede farm , auf der ich je gewesen war , &quot; wie misst du erfolg ? &quot;
later that day , i was driving around this property with miguel , and i asked him , i said , &quot; for a place that seems so natural , unlike like any farm i &apos;d ever been at , how do you measure success ? &quot;
later on that day , i was driving around with miguel and i asked him , &quot; am i going to be a place that seems to be so different than any farm i &apos;ve ever been , &quot; how do you succeed ? &quot;
on the day , i went to this site with miley , and i asked him , &quot; for a place that seems to be so different , &quot; as every farm i &apos;ve ever been , &quot; how do you succeed ? &quot;

aber , wie wir denken , die einzige art damit biologie einen großen einfluss ohne weitere steigerung der kosten auf nahrungsmittel oder der einschränkung von deren verfügbarkeit haben wird ist , wenn wir co2 als ausgangsmaterial sehen , und daher arbeiten wir an zellen die diesen weg gehen ,
but the only way we think that biology can have a major impact without further increasing the cost of food and limiting its availability is if we start with co2 as its feedstock , and so we &apos;re working with designing cells to go down this road .
but , as we think , the only type of biology will have a huge impact on the cost of food , or the limitation of its availability of availability , when we see co2 as a outcome , and therefore we work on these cells that are going to go away .
but , as we think , the only way we think about biology is going to have a huge impact without even more of food production on food , or the limitations of their availability , if we look at co2 as a product , and so we &apos;re working on these cells .

und schließlich glaube ich , dass , obwohl sie so dramatisch ist , so schön und inspirierend , und so anregend , wir am ende nicht an unserer technologie gemessen werden , nicht an den dingen , die wir entwickeln , nicht an unserem intellekt und verstand .
and finally , i believe that , despite the fact that it is so dramatic and so beautiful and so inspiring and so stimulating , we will ultimately not be judged by our technology , we won &apos;t be judged by our design , we won &apos;t be judged by our intellect and reason .
and finally , i think , even though it &apos;s so dramatic , it &apos;s so inspirational and inspiring , and so we &apos;re not going to measure at the end of our technology , we &apos;re not going to measure things that we don &apos;t develop , our intellect and our mind .
and finally , i believe that even though it &apos;s so dramatic , so beautiful and inspiring , and so on , we &apos;re not going to measure the end of our technology , not to the things that we &apos;re developing , not developing things that we don &apos;t develop in our minds and mind .

die idee ist wiederum , stellen sie sich das vor , das wir wieder die menschen mit einbeziehen um etwas zu tun und die umwelt zu verändern – fast so etwas , wie wir es nennen , wolkenbewegung einzubauen wie man ein scheunentor bewegt , aber mit einer wolke .
and the idea here is , imagine , again , we can involve people in doing something and changing our environment -- almost to impart what we call cloud raising -- like barn raising , but with a cloud .
the idea is that , again , imagine that we &apos;re bringing back to people to doing something and to change the environment -- something like we call it a cloud , like you &apos;re building a disounce , but with a cloud .
again , the idea is , imagine that we recommend people with something to do with something and to change the environment -- almost as we call it , to build clouds like a cup movement , but with a cloud .

wenn sie nun dieses bild nehmen – ich bin ursprünglich italiener , und jeder junge in italien wächst mit diesem bild in seinem zimmer auf . aber der grund , warum ich ihnen dies zeige ist , das in der formel 1 in den vergangenen jahrzehnten etwas sehr interessantes geschah .
now if you take this picture -- i &apos;m italian originally , and every boy in italy grows up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom -- but the reason i &apos;m showing you this is that something very interesting happened in formula 1 racing over the past couple of decades .
now , if you take this picture -- i &apos;m originally italian , and every young kid grows in this image with this picture in his room , but the reason why i show you this is the formula in the last decade , something interesting happened in the last decade .
now if you take this picture -- i &apos;m originally italian , and every boy in italy grows with this image in his room , but the reason i &apos;m showing you this is what i &apos;m going to show you in the formula for decades .

nun , was dieses ding bewirkt ist , dass es die eingehenden werte von sensoren abfängt -- also zum beispiel von drucksensoren und vibrationssensoren -- und es stellt legitimen code zur verfügung , der noch während dem angriff , mit falschen eingehenden daten , läuft .
now what this thing does is it intercepts the input values from sensors -- so for example , from pressure sensors and vibration sensors -- and it provides legitimate program code , which is still running during the attack , with fake input data .
now , what makes this thing happen is that it starts to emphasize the sensory values of sensory -- so , for example , of the printing sensors and vibration sensory -- and it provides legitimate code that attack while the attack is folding its folding , with false information .
now , what this thing does is that it &apos;s beginning to take the sensory of sensors -- so for example , from printing sensors and vibrational sensors -- and it makes it legitimate to code during the attack , with false data .

noch ein beispiel : vor ein paar jahren erhielt ich den anruf eines 19 jährigen mannes , der als junge geboren war , als junge aufgezogen , er hatte eine freundin , hatte sex mit seiner freundin , lebte als mann , und er hatte gerade herausgefunden , dass er eierstöcke und eine gebärmutter hatte .
another example : a few years ago i got a call from a man who was 19 years old , who was born a boy , raised a boy , had a girlfriend , had sex with his girlfriend , had a life as a guy and had just found out that he had ovaries and a uterus inside .
another example : a couple of years ago , i got the call of a man 19 year-old who was born as a boy , when he had a girlfriend who had lived with his girlfriend , who had lived with his girlfriend , who had just found that he had egg and a mother .
another example : a couple of years ago , i got the call of an 19 man who was born when young boy was born , when he had a young friend , he had a girlfriend who lived with his girlfriend , and he just found that he had found that he had a mother and a mother .

und in diesem lied werden wir die möglichkeit wiederentdecken , das zu sein , was wir sind : menschen mit vollem bewusstsein , die sich der wichtigkeit bewusst sind , dass allen menschen und gärten ein raum gedeihen zu können zugesichert werden muss . und es gibt großartige momente des optimismus .
and it &apos;s within that song that we will all rediscover the possibility of being what we are : a fully conscious species , fully aware of ensuring that all peoples and all gardens find a way to flourish . and there are great moments of optimism .
and in this song , we &apos;ll be able to rediscover what we are , what we are , with people who are conscious , who are aware of the importance of everyone , and that people can become a annoying room for their face , and there &apos;s great moments of optimism bias .
and in this song , we &apos;re going to be able to rediscover the opportunity to be what we are : people with consciousness , who are important to be aware of the importance of all people and people and gadly can be able to face a space , and there must be great moments of the optimism .

füttere getreide an pflanzenfresser , schädlingsbekämpfungsmittel an monokulturen , chemikalien an die erde , hühnchen an fische , und die ganze zeit hat die agrarindustrie einfach gefragt : &quot; wenn wir mehr leute billiger ernähren , wie schrecklich kann das schon sein ? &quot;
feed grain to herbivores , pesticides to monocultures , chemicals to soil , chicken to fish , and all along agribusiness has simply asked , &quot; if we &apos;re feeding more people more cheaply , how terrible could that be ? &quot;
feet of planting plants on plant , shrimp bugs on floods , on monopoly , chemicals that are chicken , and all the time the agricultural industry has asked : &quot; if we feed people more cheaply , how could it be ? &quot;
feet of crows of crops , instructions , intangible resources of monocultures , chemicals on earth , chicken chicks , fish and all the time the aragrass industry just asked : &quot; if we feed more cheaper , how can this be horrible ? &quot;

und das war wirklich sehr , sehr bitter und man kommt dann auch in so &apos; ne phase hinein , eben tauchte das eine bild auf durchhalten , wo ich mich gefragt habe nach zehn jahren , tausend d-mark waren das ja damals noch , grundlohn , einheitslohn im kollektiv natürlich , ob das wirklich so das tolle sein soll .
and that was really very , very bitter and then you end up in one of these phases just now you saw that image with don &apos;t give up written on it , where i asked myself after ten years , whether the one thousand <<unk>> mark it was at the time , the basic pay , a uniform pay in the collective of course , whether that was really such a great thing .
and it was really , and it was really , really , really , really , really , really , and you go into the &apos; phase in the &apos; phase , which is a picture that &apos;s going to happen , where i &apos;ve asked myself 10 years after mark , the mark was still there , yes , logic , loaf , in the collective safer , of course , to be that great to be .
and that was really , very , very , very bitter , and then you go into this phase , and then you go into the image of a picture where i asked myself for 10 years , and i asked myself to be a thousand years ago , which was a thousand of the marginity at the time , of course , whether that really should be great .

die computervision-algorithmen haben diese bilder zusammen festgehalten damit sie dem echten raum , in dem diese aufnahmen , die alle in der nähe der grassi lakes in den kanadischen rockies gemacht wurden , entsprechen . sie sehen hier elemente von stabilisierten dias oder panoramischer bildverarbeitung und diese dinge wurden alle räumlich in beziehung zueinander gesetzt .
the computer vision algorithms have registered these images together so that they correspond to the real space in which these shots -- all taken near grassi lakes in the canadian rockies -- all these shots were taken . so you see elements here of stabilized slide-show or panoramic imaging , and these things have all been related spatially .
the computer visions have taken these images together so that they held the real room in which all of these images were made near grassi storm into the canadian canadian rockets , and you see elements of stabilidietas or oramoras , and these things have been converted to all the spatial and all of these things .
the computer visions algorithms have held these images together so that they put in the real space , in which these pictures that were all near the grasslands of the grasslands in the canadian rockies in the canadian rockies , and they &apos;re going to talk about here from stas or grades , and these things have been dedicated in each other .

nun , wenn sie einer von denen sind , die nicht den beweis für die biologische evolution akzeptieren , dies wäre ein sehr guter zeitpunkt , ihr hörgerät auszuschalten , nehmen sie ihre persönlichen kommunikationsgerät - ich gebe ihnen die erlaubnis - und vielleicht können sie noch einen blick auf kathryn schultz &apos; buch werfen , das darum handelt sich zu irren , denn nichts im weiteren verlauf dieser rede wird irgendeinen sinn für sie machen .
now if you are one of those who does not accept the evidence for biological evolution , this would be a very good time to turn off your hearing aid , take out your personal communications device -- i give you permission -- and perhaps take another look at kathryn schultz &apos;s book on being wrong , because nothing in the rest of this talk is going to make any sense whatsoever to you .
now , if you &apos;re one of those who don &apos;t accept the evidence of biological evolution , this would be a very good thing to take your hearing , take your personal communications device -- i &apos;ll give you permission , and maybe you can look back on a box of cathedral , because that &apos;s why you &apos;re not going to make any sense of this speech .
now , if you &apos;re one of those who don &apos;t accept the evidence of biological evolution , this would be a very good moment to turn your audition , take your personal communication device -- i &apos;ll give you the permission -- and maybe you can look at a cathotz book &apos;s view , because that &apos;s nothing that &apos;s going to do in this talk .

dieser satz vom umgang mit widrigkeiten lebt von der idee , dass erfolg oder glück davon abhängt , eine herausforderung zu meistern , ohne von dem damit verbundenen erlebnis geprägt zu werden . als ob mein leben so erfolgreich verlaufen wäre , weil ich den möglichen fallen eines lebens mit einer prothese ausweichen konnte , oder wie auch immer menschen mich mit meiner behinderung wahrnehmen .
implicit in this phrase of &quot; overcoming adversity &quot; is the idea that success , or happiness , is about emerging on the other side of a challenging experience unscathed or unmarked by the experience , as if my successes in life have come about from an ability to sidestep or circumnavigate the presumed pitfalls of a life with prosthetics , or what other people perceive as my disability .
now , this phrase , from the entrance of action , is that success or success , or whether it &apos;s a challenge to not be predetermined by the imperative of unprecedented experience , but as if my life was so successful , because i could fall assign the prosist of a prosthetic arm with a prosthetic arm , or how people could perceive me with my disability .
so , this sentence of this sentence from the deforestation of the declaration of the idea that success or happiness depends on a challenge to make a challenge without having a mastery experience , and to be able to be aware of whether my life was so successful , because i could go out of a life with a prosthetic , or a prosthetic arm as well as i could take care of my disability .

viele von ihnen werden die geschichte kennen , denn aus steves artikel darüber wurde später ein buch , das wiederum verfilmt wurde , mit robert downey junior als steve lopez und jamie foxx als nathaniel anthony ayers , dem kontrabassisten , der am juilliard-konservatorium studierte und dessen vielversprechende karriere tragischerweise früh durch seine paranoide schizophrenie beendet wurde .
and i &apos;m telling a story that many of you know , because steve &apos;s columns became the basis for a book , which was turned into a movie , with robert downey jr. acting as steve lopez , and jamie foxx as nathaniel anthony ayers , the juilliard-trained double bassist whose promising career was cut short by a tragic affliction with paranoid schizophrenia .
in fact , many of you will know many of you will be familiar with the story of the story , because there was a book about that , again , that was filmed with robert junior jejunior as a fox and fox as a fox as a fox of nazi , who was a publishing jealer , who came out of jellyfish in love with juicers , who was convicted tated by a juvenield parliament career by his career .
and then , by many of you will know a lot of you will know about the story of you , because stephen article was being a book later , a book later , was filmed with robert junior , and as a peacux , as a conquakaeda , as an avian dear , the nate of judai gence , whose conservation was exposed to its conservations and its conservationary aning party . &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ;

