ja ?
you see ?
yes ?
yes ?

ja .
yes .
yeah .
yes .

danke .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

wir waren arm .
we were poor .
we were poor .
we were poor .

das ist effizient .
that &apos;s efficient .
that &apos;s efficient .
that &apos;s efficient .

wir verlieren sie .
we &apos;re losing them .
we lose it .
we lose them .

ja , guten tag .
yes , hello .
yes , good day .
yes , good day .

zentren wurden aufgebaut .
centers were established .
centers have been built .
centers were built .

also schauen wir mal .
so let &apos;s have a look .
so let &apos;s see .
so let &apos;s see .

wir können es anders .
we can do it differently .
we can do it differently .
we can do it differently .

wir brauchen energiewunder .
and so , we need energy miracles .
we need energy miracles .
we need energy miracles .

was kreiert die illusion ?
what creates the illusion ?
what creates the illusion ?
what creates the illusion ?

es gab remixe .
there were remixes .
there were remixes .
there was remixing .

er heißt paul offit .
his name is paul offit .
it &apos;s called paul open .
he &apos;s called paul open it .

es wäre unerträglich .
i couldn &apos;t bear it .
it would be intolerable .
it would be uncomfortable .

das einzige land der welt .
the only country in the world .
the only country in the world .
the only country in the world .

wir produzieren nicht mehr selbst .
that means that instead of having individual memories , we have standardised , widespread patterns of memories , onto which we can attach our personal memories .
we &apos;re not producing even more .
we don &apos;t produce ourselves anymore .

mal ehrlich - wer ist normal ?
now , who &apos;s normal ?
frankly , who &apos;s normal ?
honesty -- who &apos;s normal ?

ist das vernünftig ?
you know , is it rational ?
is this reasonable ?
is that reasonable ?

denken sie an ihre eigenen entscheidungen .
think about your own choices .
think about your own decisions .
think of your own decisions .

das sollte ich vielleicht nicht sagen .
i probably shouldn &apos;t say that .
i should not say that .
i should not say that .

ich meine , ich bin journalist ,
i mean , i &apos;m a journalist .
i mean , i &apos;m journalist .
i mean , i &apos;m a journalist .

da leben viereinhalb tausend menschen .
four and a half thousand people live there .
there are four and a thousand people .
there are four and a half thousand people .

das ganze gebäude bestand aus wasser .
the whole building is made of water .
the whole building was made of water .
the whole building was made of water .

mein zweiter fehler war schlimmer .
the second mistake that i made was worse .
my second mistake was worse .
my second mistake was worse .

ich versuchte nun etwas spannendes .
and i tried something interesting .
now i tried a little bit more exciting .
i was now trying to do something spanish .

und ich habe sie noch nie gesehen .
and i &apos;ve never seen them .
and i &apos;ve never seen them .
and i &apos;ve never seen them .

es stellt sich als wirklich schwierig heraus .
it turns out to be really difficult .
it turns out it &apos;s really hard .
it turns out to be really difficult .

wir können unsere nährstoffe zurückgewinnen .
we can win back our nutrients .
we can regain our nutrients back .
we can regain our nutrients .

und dies sind die neuralen strukturen .
and those are the neural structures .
and these are the neural structures .
and these are the neural structures .

okay , du willst das wirklich wissen ?
okay , you really want to hear that ?
okay , you really want to know ?
okay , you really want to know that ?

ich nenne das den strahlenden tiger .
i call this &quot; shiny tiger . &quot;
i call this the radiant .
i call this the end of this .

wir haben diese app nicht geschrieben .
now we didn &apos;t write this app .
we didn &apos;t write these app .
we haven &apos;t written this app .

wir wissen nicht wirklich sehr viel darüber .
we don &apos;t really know very much about it .
we don &apos;t really know a lot about it .
we don &apos;t really know much about it .

hier sehen sie , wie das gebäude funktioniert .
here &apos;s the building working .
here you see how the building works .
here you see how the building works .

wir müssen weit kommen , und zwar schnell .
we need to go far , quickly .
we have to come a long way , fast .
we &apos;ve got to come far , too fast .

ich habe ihn nie persönlich kennengelernt .
i never knew him in real life .
i never met him personally .
i never met him personally .

wir haben auch sehr genaue daten bekommen .
we were given very accurate data .
we also have very accurate data .
we also get very accurate data .

156 nationen senden unseren fernsehkanal .
156 nations carry our television channel .
156 nations send our television channel .
156 nations send our tv channel .

erzählen sie mir ein wenig über diesen teil .
tell me a little bit about that part .
tell me a little bit about this part .
tell me a little bit about this part .

darüber bekommen wir eine absolut flache linie .
above that , we get an absolutely flat line .
we get an absolutely flat line .
we get an absolutely flat line .

&quot; a pale blue dot . &quot;
&quot; a pale blue dot . &quot;
&quot; a pale dot . &quot;
&quot; a pal blue dot . &quot;

meine cousins liefen überall herum .
my cousins would be running around everywhere .
my cousins went all over the place .
my cousins around everywhere .

er hatte jede menge naturvideos hochgeladen .
and he had posted lots of nature videos in fact .
he had uploaded a lot of every natural videos .
he had invited a lot of natural videos .

versorge amerika neu . finden sie mehr heraus .
repower america . find out more .
get out of america . find out more .
providing america . find more out .

wenn nicht , quäle heute jemand anderen .
otherwise , go bother somebody else today .
if not , anybody else today .
if not , if somebody else is today .

und lassen sie micht mit einem beispiel anfangen .
and let me begin with one example .
and let them start with an example .
and let &apos;s start with an example .

meine eltern sind der 80 auf den fersen .
my parents are closing in on 80 .
my parents are at 80 on the fersen .
my parents are the 80 on the ferences .

und wenn nicht , tanze dennoch deinen tanz .
and if not , do your dance anyhow .
and if not , your dance is still in your dance .
and if not , yet dance .

ich wusste nicht , wie man über irgendetwas spricht .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .

dort ist jeder fußabdruck nachteilig .
every footprint is disadvantageous there .
there &apos;s every footprint .
there &apos;s every footprint .

was macht man mit zertifikaten ?
what do you do with certificates ?
what do you do with certificate ?
what do you do with certificate ?

aber ich werde mich auf die vorführung konzentrieren .
but i &apos;m going to focus on the demo .
but i &apos;m going to focus on the introduction .
but i &apos;m going to focus on the leadership .

meine mutter war das jüngste ihrer zehn kinder .
my mom was the youngest of her 10 kids .
my mother was the youngest of her kids .
my mother was the youngest of her 10 children .

am anfang die stammesgesellschaft durch die sprache .
in the beginning there was the tribal society , characterised by language .
at the beginning of the tribal society through language .
at the beginning of the tribal society , through language .

das ist ein problem , das viele spieler haben .
and this is a problem that a lot of gamers have .
this is a problem that many players have .
this is a problem that many players have .

sie haben den fluss des wassers umgekehrt .
they reversed the flow of water .
you &apos;ve got the flow of water .
they have the flow of the water .

und wir sehen , dass es durchaus gelingt .
and we can see that it can be done .
and we see that it goes through .
and we see that it &apos;s going through .

sie werden seltener , weil wir sie fangen .
they become rarer because we fish them .
they &apos;re getting rare because we &apos;re going to catch them .
they &apos;re going to be rare because we start them .

das ist das problem , das ich zu lösen versuche .
that &apos;s the problem that i &apos;m trying to solve .
this is the problem i try to solve .
that &apos;s the problem that i &apos;m trying to solve .

über interpretation wird kaum im anfängerunterricht gesprochen .
beginners &apos; classes hardly talk about interpretation .
the interpretation is barely spoken in the beginnings .
it &apos;s not going to talk about interpretation in the early class .

und schließlich , sollten wir transparenz willkommen heißen .
and ultimately , we have to embrace transparency .
and finally , we should be transparency .
and finally , we should come transparency .

gut , lassen sie mich ihnen etwas mehr davon zeigen .
all right , let me show you some more about this .
all right , let me show you a little more of it .
all right , let me show you something more about it .

al ist ein hydrant in der stadt boston .
al is a fire hydrant in the city of boston .
al is a hydrant in the city .
al is a hydrant in the city of boston .

ich werde über eine winzige , kleine idee sprechen .
i &apos;m going to speak about a tiny , little idea .
i &apos;m going to talk about a tiny , little idea .
i &apos;m going to talk about a tiny , little idea .

wir sehen das in allen möglichen bereichen des menschlichen lebens .
so we &apos;re seeing this in all sorts of places in human life .
we see this in all sorts of human life .
we see this in all kinds of lives of human life .

geh und quäle leonard cohen . <unk>
go bother leonard cohen . &quot;
shah and pray of leonard cohen .
geh and quantum leonard cohen .

man kann sich in all diesen museen hier umsehen .
you look around at all these museums here .
you can see in all these museums here .
you can see in all these museums here .

das nächste . dies war der schönste tag meines lebens .
the next one : this was the best day ever .
the next . this was the most beautiful day of my life .
the next one . this was the most beautiful day of my life .

wir konditionierten sie neu , reparierten sie .
we reconditioned them all , fixed them .
we repair them , repair them .
we put them new , repair them .

wir konzentrieren uns nun auf treibstoffe der vierten generation .
we &apos;re focusing on now fourth-generation fuels .
we &apos;re now focusing on the fuel generation .
we &apos;re now focusing on fuels of vital generation .

ich liebe diesen kerl ; sein ausdruck ist unbezahlbar .
i love this guy ; his expression is priceless .
i love this guy ; his phrase is unaffordable .
i love this guy ; his expression is uncomfortable .

nun , heutzutage wissen wir alles darüber woher unsere sachen kommen .
well today , we know everything about where our objects come from .
now today , we know all about where our things come from .
well today , we know everything about where our things come from .

ich würde lieber weiterhin diese arbeit tun , die ich liebe .
i would prefer to keep doing this work that i love .
i would prefer to do this work that i love .
i would rather continue to do this work that i love .

dies ist im wesentlichen das , worüber ich hier sprechen werde .
and that &apos;s basically what i &apos;m going to be talking about .
this is essentially what i &apos;m going to talk about here .
this is basically what i &apos;m going to talk about here .

ich werde das messer einfach so in meiner faust halten .
i &apos;m just going to hold the knife in my fist like this .
i &apos;m just going to hold that knife in my head .
i &apos;m just going to keep the knife in my jail .

stellen sie fragen , verlangen sie beweise , verlangen sie belege .
ask questions , demand proof , demand evidence .
ask them questions , demand evidence .
ask questions , ask the evidence , ask the evidence .

diginotar ist eine zertifizierungsstelle .
well diginotar is a c.a .
dotinar is a certification place .
belinotle is a certificate place .

wenn du weit kommen möchtest , geh zusammen . &quot;
if you want to go far , go together . &quot;
when you get far away , get together . &quot;
if you want to get far , go together . &quot;

und so entflieht er seinen quälenden zuständen .
and that is an escape from his tormented state .
and so he &apos;s going to end his queries .
and so he &apos;s going to fly his elderly circumstances .

und ich denke , technologie wird immer wichtiger in unseren modernen gesellschaften .
and i think technology is becoming increasingly important in our modern societies .
and i think technology will always be more important in our modern societies .
and i think technology will always be more important in our modern societies .

meine großmutter war stark , aber sie war auch liebevoll .
and my grandmother was tough , but she was also loving .
my grandmother was strong , but she was also affordable .
my grandmother was strong , but she was also full .

je mehr geld man verdient desto zufriedener ist man .
the more money you earn , the more satisfied you are .
the more you deserve money , the more you do it .
the more money you deserve happiness is you .

je pinker also der bauch desto besser das system . &quot;
so the pinker the belly , the better the system . &quot;
so the pink system also gets better . &quot;
so the more the more the way the system is the system . &quot;

seit dieser zeit haben wir alle arten von anerkennung erhalten .
since that time , we &apos;ve had all kinds of acknowledgment .
since that time , we &apos;ve all been given about recognition .
since that time , we &apos;ve got all kinds of recognition .

offensichtlich wird das nicht alles in meinen winzigen koffer passen .
so obviously this is not all going to fit back in my tiny suitcase .
obviously , it &apos;s not going to fit everything into my tiny suitcase .
obviously , that &apos;s not going to fit everything in my tiny suitcase .

ich entschuldige mich , dass ich so stark abkürzen muss .
i &apos;m sorry i have to keep this so short .
i apologize that i have to go so much shorter .
i &apos;m sorry that i have to cut so strong .

ich hatte einen 14jährigen , armen schwarzen jungen als mandanten .
and i had a client who was 14 years old , a young , poor black kid .
i had a 14-year-old boy when i was a mandela .
i had a 14-year-old boy , black young young young boys .

sieht ziemlich so aus , wie altmodische assemblersprache .
looks pretty much like old-style assembly language .
it looks pretty much like old-fashioned electric language .
it looks pretty much like the old-fashioned language .

bei dem vorigen beispiel ging es darum , einzelheiten zu finden ,
now the example i showed you was all about finding details .
for example , it was about finding features .
in the previous example , it was about finding units .

der pilot richtete die maschine nach dem hudson river aus .
the pilot lines up the plane with the hudson river .
the pilot ran out of the hudson river .
the pilot set up after the hudson river .

und ich meine hier nicht unbedingt eine technische definition der plattform .
and i don &apos;t mean necessarily a technological definition of platform here .
and i don &apos;t necessarily mean a technical definition of platform .
and i don &apos;t necessarily mean a technical definition of the platform .

diese bilder sind außergewöhnlich , denn der übergang geht sehr schnell .
and these pictures are extraordinary because this transition is very rapid .
these images are extraordinary because the transition goes very fast .
these images are extraordinary , because the transition goes very fast .

wenn wir es übertreiben , können wir ein wenig zurückschütten .
if we overshoot , we can pour a little bit back .
if we exaggerate it , we can remove a little bit back .
if we push it , we can shake a little bit back .

das ist die durchschnittliche größe eines grönland-eisbergs .
this is an average-size greenlandic iceberg .
this is the average size of a greenland ice sheet .
this is the average size of a greenland iceberg .

dieser deputy rannte hinüber zu dem älteren schwarzen .
and this deputy jumped up and he ran over to this older black man .
this deputy ran over the older black hole .
this deputy ran across the older black black .

aber während sie mit verschiedenen menschen dieser welt über diese möglichkeiten gesprochen haben ,
i mean , you &apos;re talking to different people around the world about the possibilities here .
but as they talked to different people around the world , they talked about these possibilities .
but as they talked to different people around the world about these possibilities .

aus meinem augenwinkel sah ich den hausmeister auf und ab gehen .
and out of the corner of my eye , i could see this janitor pacing back and forth .
from my eye view , i saw the master champion and off .
i looked at the master of my eye , and i looked at the mayor and down .

ich habe ihn zuerst in einem restaurant in südspanien gegessen .
i first ate it at a restaurant in southern spain .
i first ate him in a restaurant in southern spain .
i first eaten him in a restaurant in southern spain .

also hier war endlich eine firma , die versuchte , es richtig zu machen .
so here , finally , was a company trying to do it right .
so there was a company that tried to do it right .
so here was finally a company that tried to do it right .

meine inspiration kommt von einem ereignis , das 2.500 jahre zurückliegt .
so , i take my inspiration from something that happened 2,500 years ago .
my inspiration comes from an event that &apos;s 2,500 years back .
my inspiration comes from an event that &apos;s 2,500 years back .

eine achtsame , verspielte marke . wie ist ihre marke ?
a playful , mindful brand . what is your brand ?
one accomplishment , is march . how is your brand ?
an eight-eight-hand playing marks . how is your brand ?

&quot; also sie ist zurück , &quot; sagte sie in dieser bestimmten tonlage .
&quot; well she &apos;s back , &quot; in just that tone of voice .
&quot; so she &apos;s back , &quot; she said in this particular tons .
&quot; so she &apos;s back , &quot; she said in this particular tonight .

spezialisierte fähigkeiten und prozessfähigkeiten und deren kombination führen zu erfolg .
specialized skills and facilitation skills are the combination that leads to strong success .
specialized and skills and skills and combination of their combination of success .
specialized skills and skills and their combination lead to success .

meiner meinung nach haben masseninhaftierungen unsere welt grundlegend verändert .
and mass incarceration , in my judgment , has fundamentally changed our world .
in my opinion , we have changed our world .
in my opinion , mass inferences changed our world .

und ich war gut , ich schloss mit cum laude ab .
and i did well , i graduated with honors , cum laude .
and i was good , i was scheduled with claude .
and i was good , i went down with claude .

oft ist der musikunterricht ja so , dass man erst die noten lesen lernt .
usually you first learn to read notes in music lessons .
often the music lessons is that you learn to read the notes .
often , the music class is so you learn to read the notes .

er beendete den ganzen gedankengang und tat etwas komplett neues .
he just stopped that whole mental process and he did something completely novel .
he ended up doing something completely new .
he ended up doing all the time , and he did something completely new .

sie ist man kann sehen , es ist eine sehr , sehr große batterie .
it is you can see that it &apos;s a very , very big battery .
it &apos;s you can see , it &apos;s a very , very large battery .
it &apos;s you can see , it &apos;s a very , very large battery .

und wenn ich recht habe , dann ist die kanzlerin ein mann .
if i &apos;m not right , then the chancellor is not a man .
and if i &apos;m right , then the channel is a man .
and when i &apos;m right , the kanzler is a man .

das ist also das ganze konzept , der ganze film , von anfang bis ende .
so that &apos;s the whole concept , the whole film , start to finish .
so that &apos;s the whole concept , the whole film , from beginning to end .
so this is the whole concept , the whole film , from beginning to end .

es ist die art komplizierter kreis von dem ich ihnen heute erzählen möchte .
it &apos;s the kind of complicated circle that i &apos;m going to tell you about .
it &apos;s the kind of complicated circle i want to tell you today .
it &apos;s the kind of complicated circle i want to tell you today .

wenn sie die funktionen dieses autos sehen möchten , können sie sie hier sehen .
if you want to see the features of this car , you can see it here .
if you want to see the functions of this cars , you can see here .
if you want to see the functions of this car , you can see here .

vor diesen fantastischen spielecontrollern gab es schafsknöchel .
before we had awesome game controllers , we had sheep &apos;s knuckles .
before these amazing controllers , there were sheep scores .
before this fantastic spider controller , there was sheep .

verschiedene sprecher : drogenkrieg . massenvernichtungswaffen . tornado .
drug war . mass destruction . tornado .
different drug : drug war . mass destruction . tornado .
different : drug war . mass destruction . tornado . tornado .

und noch als er aus der tür ging , zeigte er auf seinen rachen .
and even as he was walking out the door , he was still sort of pointing to his throat .
and yet , when he walked out of the door , he showed up on his racks .
and when he went out of the door , he showed up on his raw .

er tippt &quot; beutelratte &quot; in die offizielle datenbank .
he types &quot; opossum &quot; into this official knowledge base .
he &apos;s going to pour advance in the official database .
he &apos;s called &quot; thylacine &quot; in the official database .

die dauernde berieselung heutzutage mit musik ist da nicht förderlich .
the constant flooding of music today is not very beneficial there .
the permanent report today is not promoting music .
the permanent reportion of music today is not progressive .

wir bei berkeley bionics nennen diese roboter exoskelette .
we at berkeley bionics call these robots exoskeletons .
we call them berkeley bionics these robots exoskeleton .
we call berkeley bionics this robot skeletons .

ich staunte : &quot; sehr archaisch , wie kann das sein ? &quot;
i said , &quot; that &apos;s archaic . how can that be ? &quot;
i wonder , &quot; very archaic , how can that be ? &quot;
i stayed , &quot; very archacally , how can that be ? &quot;

ihre eltern wurden in den 1840ern in virginia als sklaven geboren .
her parents were born in slavery in virginia in the 1840 &apos;s .
their parents were born in the 1840s in virginia as slaves .
their parents were born in the 1840s in virginia as slaves .

und interessant ist auch , dass sie auch in südostasien vertreten sind .
and it &apos;s also interesting that they &apos;re also represented in south-east-asia .
and what &apos;s interesting is that they &apos;re also in southeast asia .
and what &apos;s interesting is that they &apos;re also in southern asia .

in ihrer vorstellung : zeitrahmen und wahrscheinlichkeit so etwas wirklich ins leben zu rufen ?
so , in your mind , timescale and likelihood of actually taking something like this live ?
in your notion , show and probability does something really get to life ?
in your mind , present and probability to call something like that really in life ?

und sie glaubte , dass dies die themen seien , um die wir uns kümmern müssten .
and these were the things she thought we needed to commit to .
and she believed that these are the topics that we have to take care of .
and she believed that this is the themes we need to take care of .

es ist unglaublich . sie sehen sich um und erkennen &quot; dieses team wird gewinnen . &quot;
it &apos;s incredible . you know , you look around , you go , &quot; oh , that team &apos;s going to win . &quot;
it &apos;s incredible . look around you and see , &quot; this team will win . &quot;
it &apos;s incredible . you can see this team is going to win .

und mehr als alles andere , sind sie die besten eltern , die sie nur sein können ?
and more than anything , are you being the best parent you can ?
and more than anything , are you the best parents you can only be ?
and more than anything else , are you the best parents you can be ?

ich möchte mit dem beginnen , was ich &quot; offizielles dogma &quot; nenne .
i want to start with what i call the &quot; official dogma . &quot;
i want to start with what i call official dogma .
i want to start with what i call official dogma .

dies ist der kangerlussuaq fluss in südwest grönland .
this is the kangerlussuaq river in southwest greenland .
this is the cannusal river in southwest greenland .
this is the canadian river river in southern west greenland .

&quot; don &quot; , sagte ich , &quot; was zum beispiel sind nachhaltige proteine ? &quot;
&quot; don , &quot; i said , &quot; what are some examples of sustainable proteins ? &quot;
&quot; don &apos;t , &quot; i said , &quot; what are sustainable proteins ? &quot;
&quot; don , &quot; i said , &quot; what are sustainable proteins ? &quot;

und so fand ich eine firma namens olson zaltman in pittsburg .
and so i found a company called olson zaltman in pittsburg .
and so i found a company called olson in pittsman burg .
and so i found a company called olson zolman in pittsburg .

im sinne des anderen selbst , des erinnernden selbst , bekommen sie eine andere geschichte .
in terms of the other self , the remembering self , you get a different story .
in the sense of the other , the memories of self , they get another story .
in the sense of the other self , the memory itself , they get a different story .

wenn das fehlerfrei geschieht , bekommt der schüler das nächstschwierige stück auf .
once it &apos;s played free of mistakes , the student gets their next piece to learn , which is slightly harder .
when the error happens , the student gets the next staggering piece .
when the error happens , the students are going to get the hard piece of hard .

kein wichtiges unterfangen , das innovation verlangte , wurde je ohne risiko angegangen .
and no important endeavor that required innovation was done without risk .
no important underwear innovation , the innovation was demanded without any risk .
no important underground , the innovation was landed without risk .

es wäre gewissenlos von uns , bewusst und gezielt menschen hinzurichten . «
it would be unconscionable for us to , in an intentional and deliberate way , set about executing people . &quot;
it would be aware of us , consciously and added people to do it . &quot;
it would be very aware of us , consciously , to make people feel . &quot;

ich konnte es in ihren augen sehen , da war schrecken , das leben war zu ende .
i could see in her eyes , it was terror . life was over .
i could see it in their eyes , there was screening to be life .
i could see it in her eyes because it was scared to end life .

also müssen wir über die patologie hinaus schauen und uns auf alle bereich der menschlichen möglichkeiten konzentrieren .
so we need to see through the pathology and into the range of human capability .
so we have to look beyond the patology , and focus on all the area of human possibilities .
so we have to look beyond the patch and focus on all the area of human possibilities .

es ist eine nette kleine app , wo man einen hydranten adoptieren kann .
it &apos;s a cute little app where you can adopt a fire hydrant .
it &apos;s a nice little app where you can adopt a fire hydrant .
it &apos;s a nice little app where you can have a hydrant adoption .

das interessante ist die metapher , welche die beziehung zwischen dem individuum und der natur definiert .
what &apos;s interesting is the metaphor that defines the relationship between the individual and the natural world .
the interesting metaphor is the metaphor that defines the relationship between the individual and nature .
the interesting thing is the metaphor that define the relationship between the individual and nature .

eine schuluniform bis zu den knöcheln , denn sie musste sechs jahre reichen .
a school uniform down to the ankles , because it had to last for six years .
a school uniform until the button , because she had to be six years old .
an innocent form to the bang , because it had to be six years rich .

was könnte besser sein ? &quot; verdammt &quot; der mann denkt , &quot; es ist august .
what could be better ? &quot; well , damn it , &quot; this guy is thinking , &quot; it &apos;s august .
what could be better ? &quot; damn &apos; man thinks , &quot; it &apos;s august .
what could be better ? &quot; the man thinks , &quot; it &apos;s august .

herr jain selbst ist auf freiem fuß , der aufenthaltsort ist unbekannt .
mr. jain himself is on the loose ; nobody knows where he is .
mr. jain himself is on frightening , which is unknown .
mr. jain itself is on free feet , which is unknown .

um mitternacht kam der mönch und sagte , er müsse den sarg schließen .
at midnight the monk came and told us he had to close the casket .
and after night , the monk came , and he said to the shallow .
in the midnight , the furniture came and said , he would close the sarg .

sie sind 75 prozent des energiekonsums – verursachen bis zu 80 prozent der co2 emissionen .
they are 75 percent of the energy consumption -- up to 80 percent of co2 emissions .
they are 75 percent of the energy consumers -- cause to 80 percent of co2 emissions .
they &apos;re 75 percent of the energy consumption -- cause to 80 percent of the co2 emissions .

das führt mich aber auch wieder zu dem punkt , ab wann werden die dinge denn eigentlich intuitiver ?
but that also takes me to the question as to at what point things become more intuitive ?
but that also leads me to the point when things are actually more intuitive ?
but that also leads me to the point when the things are going to be more intuitively intuitive ?

das ist die arbeit sehr kluger leute im büro der &quot; new urban mechanics &quot; in boston .
this is the work of the very smart people at the office of new urban mechanics in boston .
this is the work very smart people at the new york mechanics in boston .
this is the work very smart people in the office of new mechanics in boston .

und keine dieser geschichten ist sehr erbaulich oder großartig -- aber eine von ihnen ist diese deutlich ...
and neither of these stories is very inspiring or great -- but one of them is this distinct ...
and none of these stories are very inherently or -- but one of them is clear to them .
and no one of these stories is very building or great -- but one of them is clear ...

man hat sie zu man hat sie zum essen eingeladen , nicht zum nährstoffdiebstahl .
you were you were invited to dinner , not to steal nutrients .
you &apos;ve invited them to eat them , not for nutrition to the nutrients .
you invited them to be invited them to eat them , not to the nutrition .

wir sind billiger wie das diesel-system , wenn der dieselpreis fünf prozent pro jahr steigt .
we &apos;re cheaper than the diesel system , if the price of diesel rises by five percent a year .
we &apos;re cheaply like the same system when the same price increases five percent a year .
we &apos;re cheaper like the same system when the same price goes down five percent per year .

diese austrocknung in der ganzen welt führt zu einer dramatischen steigerung an feuern .
this drying around the world has lead to a dramatic increase in fires .
this straightforward in the world leads to a dramatic endeavor .
this estrogen in the whole world leads to a dramatic increase on fire .

als ich sie zum ersten mal sah , hab ich sie aus dem bauch ihrer mutter geholt . &quot;
i mean , when we met i was delivering you from your mother &apos;s womb . &quot;
when i saw her for the first time , i pulled her out of her mother . &quot;
when i first saw them , i put them out of her mother . &quot;

kapital , chemie und maschinen stehen darin obenan und es hat nie etwas wirklich gutes zum essen produziert .
it &apos;s high on capital , chemistry and machines , and it &apos;s never produced anything really good to eat .
capital , chemistry and machines are at gasoline , and it &apos;s never really producing good food .
capital , chemistry and machines are standing at it , and it has never produced something really good for food .

was ich dann aber schon bedauern würde , weil musik ist ja eine schöne , kommunikative sache .
which i would very much regret , because music is a lovely , communicative thing .
but then what i would regret , because music is a beautiful , communication thing .
but what i &apos;d like to do is regret because music is a beautiful , communication thing .

knappheit ist nämlich kontextbezogen , und technologie ist eine ressourcen befreiende kraft .
you see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a resource-liberating force .
because scarcity is contextual , and technology is a resources of liberating .
it &apos;s because it &apos;s constructive , and technology is a resource force .

und wenn man dann gute aufnahmen macht , kann das resultat ziemlich schön sein , und auch ziemlich realistisch .
and if you do a good job capturing the photos , the result can be quite beautiful and also quite realistic .
and if you do good images , the result can be pretty beautiful , and also quite realistic .
and if you do good footage , the result can be pretty beautiful , and also quite realistic .

aber am ende lief es darauf hinaus , dass ich weltraumwissenschaftler mit uns in die tiefsee nahm .
but what i wound up doing was bringing space scientists with us into the deep .
but at the end of the day , it was that i had space dream with us in the deep sea .
but at the end of the end , i ended up taking space scientists with us in the deep sea .

wie ist das jetzt mit der mit der virtualität , die eigentlich die natürlichste sache der welt ist .
but how is it with with virtuality , which is actually the most natural thing in the world ?
now , as this is with the virtual business , which is actually the most natural thing in the world .
as this is now with the virtual reality , which is actually the most natural thing in the world .

mal als beispiel , die raffinierteste uns bekannte version dieser kommunikationsart ist die menschliche sprache .
and for example , the most sophisticated version that we &apos;re aware of is human language .
for example , as an example , the refined us , the known version of this communication is the human language .
for example , as an example , the most well-known version of this communication form is the human language .

hier ist ein beispiel . für die von ihnen , die keine new yorker sind , entschuldige ich mich .
here &apos;s an example . for those of you who aren &apos;t new yorkers , i apologize .
here &apos;s an example . for those of you who are not new yorker , i apologize .
here &apos;s an example . for those of you who are not new yorkers , i &apos;m sorry .

unsere städte wurden , in den letzten paar jahren , gerade mit netzwerken und elektronik ausgerüstet .
our cities , over the past few years , just have been blanketed with networks , electronics .
our cities have been tested in the last few years , just with networks and electronics .
our cities , in the last few years , just with networks and electronics and electronics .

in beiden fällen schickte ich sie nicht nach hause und es gab wohl auch keine mängel in ihrer behandlung .
now in both cases , i didn &apos;t send them home and i don &apos;t think there was any gap in their care .
in both cases , i didn &apos;t send her home , and there was probably no treatment in her treatment .
in both cases , i didn &apos;t send them home , and there were no men in their treatment .

es ist absolut erstaunlich kalt und seelentötend selbst zu uns , die es sich leisten können .
it &apos;s absolutely astonishingly cold and soul-bending to those of us who can even afford it .
it &apos;s absolutely astonishing and elsewhere we can afford to buy it .
it &apos;s absolutely amazing and seventh itself to us that can afford .

michael j. nelson vom mystery science theater war einer ersten , die bei twitter darüber einen witz machte .
michael j. nelson from mystery science theater was one of the first people to post a joke about the video on twitter .
michael jj. nelson : the mystery of science theater was one of the first ones to make a joke about it .
michael j. nelson of the mystery science theater was one of the first things that twitter did on twitter .

wir wollen , dass du eine geschichte erzählst , aber wir wollen nur , dass du unsere geschichte erzählst . &quot;
we want you to tell a story , but we just want to tell our story . &quot;
we want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story . &quot;
we want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story . &quot;

sie sehen , dass es eine art säule ist , oft als &quot; wandernde welle reaktor &quot; bezeichnet .
you can see it &apos;s a log there , often referred to as a traveling wave reactor .
you can see that it &apos;s kind of like a column , often known as &quot; hip reactor . &quot;
you can see that it &apos;s a kind of mammals , often , as a migrant wave reactor .

ich fand die zeit , die ich in diesem krankenhaus verbracht habe , einfach toll – bis auf meine physiotherapie .
i loved almost everything about my time spent at this hospital , with the exception of my physical therapy sessions .
i found the time i spent in this hospital , just great -- up to my physiology therapy .
i found the time that i spent in this hospital , just great -- up to my physiological therapy .

wir haben es geschafft auf ungefähr einhundert gene zu verzichten von den 500 oder so , die hier sind .
we &apos;re able to knock out on the order of 100 genes out of the 500 or so that are here .
we &apos;ve managed to get it down to about a hundred genes from the 500 or so , which are here .
we &apos;ve done it on about a hundred genes of the 500 or the ones that are here .

aber wenn sie in einem epischen abenteuer sind und gesagt bekommen : &quot; uns geht das öl aus . &quot;
but if you immerse them in an epic adventure and tell them , &quot; we &apos;ve run out of oil .
but when you &apos;re in an epic adventure , and you say , &quot; we &apos;re going to get the oil out of it . &quot;
but if you &apos;re in an episode adventure , and they said , &quot; let &apos;s get the oil out of the oil . &quot;

es stellte sich heraus , dass es in wirklichkeit bedeutete , &quot; wir wollen mit ihrem film nichts zu tun haben . &quot;
turns out it really means , &quot; we want nothing to do with your movie . &quot;
it turns out it was really important , &quot; we want to have nothing to do with your film . &quot;
it turns out it was really meaningful , &quot; we don &apos;t want to do anything with your film . &quot;

und jedes mal , wenn es sich teilte , haben sich die darin befindlichen chemikalien zu ungleichen mengen verteilt .
and every time it divided , they got sort of unequal division of the chemicals within them .
and every time it divided , the species in it had to distribute the same amounts of chemicals .
and every time it divided , it turns out to distribute chemicals in it .

also dass eben man als bürger in die lage versetzt wird , eben sich mit diesen wissenschaftlichen technologien auseinanderzusetzen .
so as a citizen you are put in a position where you can look into these scientific technologies .
so that you &apos;ll be able to translate into citizens because of these scientific technologies .
so that you &apos;re going to be able to be able to put yourself in the situation with these scientific technologies .

wenn ein geist über diese qualitäten verfügt , können wir eine neue wirklichkeit und neue daseinsformen schaffen .
when a spirit has those qualities , we are able to create new realities and new ways of being .
if a spirit has these qualities , we can create a new reality and create new forms of awareness .
if a mind has this qualities , we can create a new reality and create new forms .

hier bin ich ... das ist eine fibonacci-folge , die ich mit einem einfachen gleichungsprogramm erstelle .
so here i &apos;m -- this is a fibonacci sequence that i &apos;m making with a simple equation program .
here i am -- this is a fibonacci that i have with a very simple program .
here i am ... this is a fibonacci sequence that i have with a simple equation program .

denn es ist eine farce , dass jemand , der all das noch in sich trägt , es nicht kommunizieren kann . &quot;
because it &apos;s a travesty that someone who still has all of that in him isn &apos;t able to communicate it . &quot;
because it &apos;s a farce that someone who is still in themselves can &apos;t communicate . &quot;
because it &apos;s a farce that somebody who &apos;s still wearing this , it can &apos;t communicate . &quot;

es fühlte sich an , als wäre ich körperlich innerhalb des schiffswracks der titanic anwesend .
i felt like i was physically present inside the shipwreck of titanic .
it felt like i was physically active within the ship of the titan of titanic .
it felt like i would be in the shipping of the shipping whales of titanic .

wir sind soweit , dass wir , nur zum vergnügungszweck , selber sache in diesem code schreiben können .
in fact , one of the things that i did just for amusement purposes is we can now write things in this code .
we &apos;re as far as we are , just for pleasure , for cause , to be able to write in this code .
we &apos;re far away that we can write only for pleasure , in this code .

die vereinigten staaten von amerika sind das einzige land in der welt , das dreizehnjährige kinder zum tod im gefängnis verurteilt .
the united states is the only country in the world where we sentence 13-year-old children to die in prison .
the united states of america are the only country in the world , the 10-year-old children are convicted to death in prison .
the united states of america are the only country in the world , which includes three year-olds for death in prison .

ich glaube , wir müssen mehr tun , um menschen zu helfen , die opfer einer straftat geworden sind , nicht weniger .
i believe we need to do more to help people who are victimized by crime , not do less .
i think we need to do more to help people who have become a victim , not less .
i think we need to do more to help people who have become victims of a punishment , not less .

das al gore buch &quot; wir haben die wahl &quot; und david mckays &quot; sustainable energy <unk> the hot air . &quot;
the al gore book , &quot; our choice &quot; and the david mckay book , &quot; sustainable energy without the hot air . &quot;
the al gore &apos;s book , &quot; we have the choice , &quot; and david mckmckey &apos;s &quot; energy consumers . &quot;
al gore &apos;s book , &quot; we have the choice , &quot; and david mckaeter &apos;s &quot; hot air force . &quot;

in der zwischenzeit wurde im gleichen jahr bei den bell labs die nächste revolution angekündigt , der nächste baustein .
meanwhile the exact same year , at bell labs the next revolution was about to be announced , the next building block .
in the meantime , in the same year at bell labs , the next revolution was announced , the next building block .
in the same year , the bell labs was announced the next revolution , the next building block .

wir brauchen marktanreize , co2 steuern , cap &amp; amp ; trade etwas , dass ein preissignal schafft .
we do need the market incentives -- co2 tax , cap and trade -- something that gets that price signal out there .
we need market farms , co2 , cap &amp; amp ; ran &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ;
we need market rice , carbon , cap &amp; amp ; cap &amp; amp ; a trade that creates a prize signal .

der grund , warum ich mein handgelenk festhalte , ist der , dass darin das eigentliche geheimnis der illusion besteht .
the reason i &apos;m holding onto my wrist is because that &apos;s actually the secret of the illusion .
the reason why i make my wrist tonight is because the secret to it is the mystery of the illusion .
the reason i do my wrist is that the actual secret of illusion is the illusion of the illusion .

hier ist ein beispiel eines projektes , das sie machten , eine bewegungsgesteuerte konfetti-kanone .
here &apos;s an example of a project they made , a motion-activated con<<unk>> i canon ball .
here &apos;s an example of a project that they did , a movable contagion .
so here &apos;s an example of a project that they did , a trajectory tax channel .

es ist sehr wichtig , dass diese tsunami-sirenen funktionieren , aber die leute stehlen die batterien .
it &apos;s very important that these tsunami sirens work , but people steal the batteries out of them .
it &apos;s very important that these tsunamides works , but people steal the batteries .
it &apos;s very important that these tsunamians work , but people steal the batteries .

in einem krankenhaussystem in dem das medizinische wissen sich alle zwei bis drei jahre verdoppelt , können wir nicht mithalten .
in a hospital system where medical knowledge is doubling every two or three years , we can &apos;t keep up with it .
in a hospital system where the medical care is doubling every two to three years , we can &apos;t doubt .
in a hospital support system , all the two to three years , we can &apos;t doubt .

ein kind in london zeigt das bild eines fuchses und sagt : &quot; oh , heute habe ich einen fuchs gesehen . &quot;
a child in london puts up a picture of a fox and says , &quot; oh , i saw a fox today . &quot;
a kid in london shows the picture of a fuzzy and says , &quot; oh , i &apos;ve seen a fuzzy . &quot;
a child in london shows the image of a chief and says , &quot; oh , i &apos;ve seen a walk today . &quot;

der energiehunger der welt , der stattfindet , wird mit diesel gelöscht , weil man da keine genehmigung braucht .
the world &apos;s hunger for energy that we are seeing is relieved with diesel fuel , because you don &apos;t need a license for it .
the energy hunger of the world , which is going to happen with this el , because you don &apos;t need any permits .
the energy hunger of the world , which is going to happen with wheel , because you don &apos;t need a proposal .

die gleitschienen ihrer schlitten wurden ursprünglich aus fisch , der in karibu-haut eingewickelt wurde , hergestellt .
the runners of their sleds were originally made of fish wrapped in caribou hide .
the equals of their trade-offs were made out of fish that was made in caribbean skin .
the same seemed that their bad ones were originated from fish that was made in cartoon skin skin skin .

und chicago hat sie gerade eingeführt , damit die leute die buergersteige freischaufeln , wenn es schneit .
and chicago just rolled it out to get people to sign up to shovel sidewalks when it snows .
and chicago just introduced them to get people to get their butt off when it &apos;s fast .
and chicago has just introduced it so that people release the bugs of the bumps when it stops .

davon wieder wird nur ein winziger prozentsatz jemals viral und wird tausende male angeschaut und so zum kulturellen moment .
and of that , only a tiny percentage ever goes viral and gets tons of views and becomes a cultural moment .
again , this will only ever be a tiny percentage percentage of viadvisor , thousands of times , and so on to the cultural moment .
and again , only a tiny percentage of this will ever be done and thousands and thousands of times as a cultural moment .

tatsächlich bin ich überzeugt , dass , wenn wir das nächste jahrhundert auf diesem planeten überleben wollen , wir diese zeit drastisch erhöhen müssen .
in fact , i believe that if we want to survive the next century on this planet , we need to increase that total dramatically .
in fact , i believe that if we want to survive the next century on this planet , we need to increase this time .
in fact , i believe that if we want to survive the next century on this planet , we need to increase that time .

dadurch mussten die städte immer mehr wachsen , weil die bauern in die städte gingen und die städte mussten immer weiter weg ihre nährstoffe holen .
so the cities had to keep on growing , as the farmers were moving into the cities and the cities had to get their nutrients from increasingly distance places .
and so cities had to grow more and more cities , because the farmers in the cities and cities had to keep growing their nutrients .
and so the cities had to grow more and more , because the farmers were going to go into cities , and the cities had to continue to keep their nutrients .

der künstler teilt ihnen etwas mit , und vor allem dieser dame , was sie nicht sieht , wenn sie einfach nur in den spiegel schaut .
the artist tells you something , and especially this woman , that she can &apos;t see if she just looks in the mirror .
the artist divides you with , and most of all these things , which you don &apos;t see when you just look in the mirror .
the artist divides you with something , and especially this lady , which you don &apos;t see when you just look in the mirror .

hier sehen sie eine echte flyfire-steuerung , die herabsinkt um wie zuvor ein gleichmäßiges v zu formen .
here is the real flyfire control and going down to form the regular grid as before .
this is a real flywheel that goes down to make a similar equation .
here you see a real flyfiction controlling the herself to form like a similar equality .

und doch bekommen sie irgendwie den eindruck , dass sie zählen sollten , dass was während dieser augenblicke des erlebens passiert unser leben ist .
and yet , somehow you get the sense that they should count , that what happens during these moments of experience is our life .
and yet they get the kind of impression that they should count that what happened during that moment of life is our lives .
and yet , they kind of get the impression that they should count that what happened during this eye of life is our lives .

professor katey walter der universität in alaska ist mit einer weiteren arbeitsgruppe zu einem anderen flachen see letzten winter gereist .
professor katey walter from the university of alaska went out with another team to another shallow lake last winter .
professor cey walter at the university of alaska is one of another working with another group of other bottles of winter .
professor katey walter at alaska in alaska is traveled with another group of labor to another sea bottles .

nun das durchschnittsalter unserer fellows ist 28 , also bin ich , leider , fast eine generation älter als die meisten von ihnen .
now the average age of our fellows is 28 , so i am , begrudgingly , almost a generation older than most of them .
now the average age of our field is 28 , so i &apos;m unfortunately , almost one generation as most of you .
now the average age of our lows is 28 , so i &apos;m , unfortunately , almost a generation older than most of you .

und sie können sich ihm nähern , und er wird sich öffnen , um sie durchspringen zu lassen , wie sie auf diesem bild sehen können .
and even you can approach it , and it will open up to let you jump through , as you see in this image .
and you can approach him , and he will open up to let them jump like you can see in this picture .
and you can get close to him , and he will open up to jump through you , as you can see on this picture .

in meiner eigenen menschlichkeit und mit meinen fehlern , strebte ich danach , besser zu werden in allem , was ich anpackte .
in my own humanity and mistakes , i &apos;ve tried to get better at everything i tried .
in my own humanity , and with my errors , i started to become better at everything that i wanted to do .
in my own humanity , and with my missing , i refused to become better in everything i could do .

und als menschen sind wir viel besser darin , probleme auf sehr lange sicht vorauszusehen , aber sie schlussendlich doch zu überwinden .
and as humans , we are far better at seeing the problems way in advance , but ultimately we knock them down .
and as humans , we are much better at overlooking problems in a very long way , but they &apos;re eventually getting along the way .
and as humans , we &apos;re much better at looking at problems very long , but they &apos;re going to overcome it .

und es gibt die idee , dass wenn wir diejenigen , die fehler machen aus der medizin verbannen , dass uns ein sicheres system bleibt .
and we have this idea that if we drive the people who make mistakes out of medicine , what will we be left with , but a safe system .
and there &apos;s the idea that if we make the errors out of medicine , we make sure that we stay safe .
and there &apos;s the idea that if we do the ones that make the errors out of medicine , that we have a safe system .

etwas , woran ich fest glaube , ist , dass wenn man seine chance ergreift , risiken eingeht , dass in diesen risiken möglichkeiten stecken .
what i always believe is that if you take chances , if you take risks , that in those risks will come opportunity .
one of the things that i think is that , if you put your opportunity to take away , risks in these risks .
one of the things that i think is that when you get your opportunity to get risks in these risks .

und etwa zwei jahre später , etwa ein jahr später , nach eine menge organisation und viel hin und her von dingen , haben wir einige sachen erreicht .
and about two years later , about a year later , after a bunch of organization and a bunch of moving things around , we &apos;d accomplished a couple things .
and about two years later , about a year later , a lot of organization and a lot of things from things , we &apos;ve reached a couple of things .
and about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and lots and lots of things , we &apos;ve reached some things .

in anderen worten , als wir dieses bild am 10. september sahen , wussten wir , dass die maschine funktioniert , was ein großer triumph ist .
in other words , when we saw that picture on september 10th we knew the machine worked , which is a great triumph .
in other words , when we saw this picture on september 10 , we knew that the machine works , which is a big triumph .
in other words , when we saw this picture on september 10th , we knew that the machine works , which is a big triumph .

und nein , er hat den fisch nicht gekocht und er ist kein koch . zumindest auf die art , die sie und ich darunter verstehen .
and no , he didn &apos;t cook the fish , and he &apos;s not a chef , at least in the way that you and i understand it .
and no , he didn &apos;t cheat the fish , and he &apos;s not a chef , at least in the way that she and i understand .
and no , he didn &apos;t cook the fish , and he &apos;s not a coch , at least on the way that you and i understand .

können sie bitte nach ohio kommen , und bitte kommen sie zusammen mit dem mann , von dem ich weiß , dass sie ihn inzwischen gefunden haben .
could you please come to ohio , and please bring that man that i know you have found by now .
can you come back to ohio , and please come together with the guy that i know you found that you found it in between .
can you please come to ohio , and please come together with the man that i know you &apos;ve found it between indian .

wie sie sehen , wächst es auf das dunkelblau markierte . dies ist das jährliche eis im winter ; und es schrumpft im sommer .
as you see , it expands to the dark blue -- that &apos;s the annual ice in winter , and it contracts in summer .
as you can see , it grows to the dark blue , this is the annual ice in the winter ; and it shrink in summer .
as you can see , it grows on the dark blue , this is the annual ice ice in winter ; and it ruins in summer .

wenn sie denken , dass die linke anzeige swing ist und die anzeige rechts jazz ist , dann klatschen sie in die hände .
if you think the display on the left is swing and the display on the right is jazz , clap your hands .
if you think that the left show is the one , and the display on the right is jazz , then you clap into the hands .
if you think that the left show is the left , and the ad of jazz is jazz , then you clap into your hands .

und wobei wir schon über bakterien sprechen , ist ihnen bewusst , dass jeder von uns in unserem darm mehr bakterien als es zellen im rest unseres körpers führt ?
and speaking of bacteria , do you realize that each of us carries in our gut more bacteria than there are cells in the rest of our body ?
and we &apos;re talking about bacteria , is it aware that every one of us in our gut has more bacteria than it does in the rest of our bodies ?
and what are we talking about bacteria , is that every one of us in our darwinian bacteria leads more than cells in the rest of our body ?

also sprach ich über jugendarbeitslosigkeit und ausbildung , und die vernachlässigung der marginalisierten und entrechteten .
so i spoke out on youth unemployment and education and the neglect of the marginalized and the disenfranchised .
so i talked about jupittsource and education and education , and the reliable of the marginalized and computational calculation .
so i talked about judice and education and education , and the insurance of marginalized and calculated .

und das ist mittlerweile ein gigantisches netzwerk an sehr guten , ja , infrastrukturzentren geworden , die überall auf der welt vertreten sind .
and that &apos;s become a gigantic network of very good , well , infrastructure centres , which are being represented all over the world .
and this is now a gigantic network of very good , yes , infrastructural scores that are all around the world .
and this is now a giant network of very good , yes , infrastructure has become centralized in the world .

und ich weiß , dass sie wissen , was ich meine , denn ich weiß , dass sie alle in ihrem leben schon einmal eine solche darbietung gesehen haben .
and i know you know what i &apos;m talking about , because i know you &apos;ve all seen , at some point in your life , a performance like this .
and i know you know what i mean , because i know that you &apos;ve all seen in your life that you &apos;ve seen this kind of performance .
and i know you know what i mean , because i know you all have seen in your life before .

richtig ? eine spritze mit einer wirkungslosen - ein paar milliliter einer wirkungslosen substanz , die man einem patienten injiziert .
right ? a syringe with some inert -- a couple ccs of some inert something , and you inject this into a patient ...
right ? a syringe with a replacement -- a few milliliters from a realistic substance that you inject to a patient .
right ? a spirigation with an effective -- a few million-million-dollar substance that you inject a patient .

denn die wahrheit ist , dass wenn sie das goldfischglas zerbrechen , so dass alles möglich ist , haben sie keine freiheit . sie haben lähmung .
because the truth of the matter is that if you shatter the fishbowl so that everything is possible , you don &apos;t have freedom . you have paralysis .
because the truth is , if you break the gold glass , it &apos;s all possible that you have no freedom . you have paralysis .
because the truth is that if you break the gold glass glass , that everything is possible , you don &apos;t have freedom . you have hunter-hescalm .

die idee ist also , abgesehen davon zu zeigen , dass marken ein teil des lebens sind , eigentlich , sie dazu zu bringen , den film zu finanzieren ?
so the idea is , beyond just showing that brands are a part of your life , but actually get them to finance the film ?
so the idea is to show that marks are a part of life , actually , to get them to finance the film ?
so the idea is to show that marks are a part of life , actually to get them to fund the film ?

jedoch waren diese öltröpfchen nicht etwa lebendig im heutigen sinne , weil jedes einzelne davon war nur ein kleines , zufälliges rezept von chemikalien .
but now those drops of oil weren &apos;t really alive , as we say it now , because every one of them was a little random recipe of chemicals .
but these oil spills were not about living in the sense of today , because every single one of them was just a small , random recipe of chemicals .
but these oil spills were not about living in today , because every single one of them was just a little , random recipe of chemicals .

aber dann wurde die technologie der elektrolyse entwickelt und machte aluminiumherstellung so günstig , dass wir es mit unserer wegwerf-mentalität nutzen .
but then the technology of electrolysis came along and literally made aluminum so cheap that we use it with throw-away mentality .
but then the technology of the electrolymph and was developed and made aluminum in such a cheap way , that we use it to use our advertising mentality .
but then the technology was developed by electrolyse and made aluminum so cheap that we use it with our daytime mentality .

die restlichen 20 % werden in armen ländern erzeugt werden , sowie immer noch etwas landwirtschaft . hoffentlich wird waldrohdung und zement bis dahin sauber sein .
and that 20 percent will be used up by things going on in poor countries , still some agriculture , hopefully we will have cleaned up forestry , cement .
the rest of 20 percent will be produced in poor countries , and there will still be something called agriculture . hopefully , wales will be drugs and cement until then clean .
the rest of 20 percent will be produced in poor countries , and still a little bit of agriculture , and hopefully , wal-mart is going to be clean up until clean .

und wenn ich meine hand schließe , passiert dasselbe , indem ich mich zurückdrehe , wird durch diese bewegung verborgen , dass der finger sich wieder zurückbewegt .
and then when i close my finger , same thing , as i move back , this motion kind of covers the moving back of my finger .
and when i close my hand , the same thing is that i turn back to this movement that the fingers will move back .
and when i close my hand , the same thing happened by turning me back through this movement is going to move back to the fingers again .

uns wurde später erzählt , dass wenn es über die normalen kanäle gehen würde , es über zwei jahren gedauert hätte und es hätte über zwei millionen dollar gekostet .
we were told afterward that if that had gone through normal channels , it would have taken at least two years and it would have cost about two million dollars .
we later told that if it was going to go over the normal channels , it would have taken over two years , and it would have cost over two million dollars .
we later told us that if it was going to go about the normal channels , it took over two years , and it took it over two million dollars .

es gibt das übliche . das typische . aber nicht das normale . und würden sie diese arme , graue person wirklich kennen lernen wollen , wenn es sie wirklich gäbe ?
there &apos;s common , there &apos;s typical . there &apos;s no normal , and would you want to meet that poor , beige person if they existed ?
there &apos;s the usual one . the typical . but not the normal one , and you would want to know these arms , these poor people really want to learn when they really are ?
there &apos;s the usual . that &apos;s a typical thing . but not the normal thing . and would you really want to know this poor person , gray person really want to know if you really had it ?

dabei geht sie nicht besonders wissenschaftlich vor – sie stellt eine tasse kaffee oder tee hin und fragt die patienten , familien , verwandten , &quot; wie geht &apos; s ?
not in a very scientific way -- she puts up a little cup of coffee or cup of tea and asks patients , family , relatives , &quot; what &apos;s up ?
and it &apos;s not particularly scientific about this -- imagine a cup of coffee or tea and asks the patients , families , family relatives , like &quot; what ?
it &apos;s not going to be particularly scientific -- it &apos;s a cup coffee or tea , and ask the patients , families , related , &quot; how are we going to go ?

aber wissen sie worauf sie sich da einlassen würden , in diesen wohnungen und deren umgebung herrschen gesetze um beschwerden zu vermeiden und vom ausbau abzulenken .
but you know what you &apos;d run into is those apartments and the surrounding areas have rules to avoid discomfort and the distractions of construction .
but you know what they &apos;re going to let in these homes and their surroundings are going to avoid laws to avoid deployment and deployment .
but you know what they &apos;re going to do , in these apartments and their surroundings , they &apos;re going to be able to avoid the environment .

also was es bedeutet , diese unglaubliche freiheit der wahl wir haben in bezug auf arbeit entscheidungen zu treffen , wieder und wieder und wieder , ob wir arbeiten sollten oder nicht arbeiten sollten .
so what this means , this incredible freedom of choice we have with respect to work , is that we have to make a decision , again and again and again , about whether we should or shouldn &apos;t be working .
so what it means is to have this incredible freedom of choice that we have in terms of making decisions back and forth , and again , and whether we should work or not .
so what it means is that this incredible freedom of choice we have in terms of making decisions , again and again , again , whether we should work or not .

dies ist nicht wie humaninsulin ; dies ist das gleiche protein das ist chemisch ununterscheidbar von dem , was aus der bauchspeicheldrüse kommt .
this is not like human insulin ; this is the same protein that is chemically indistinguishable from what comes out of your pancreas .
this is not like human insulin ; this is the same protein that &apos;s chemical is different from what comes out of the pancreas .
this is not like humanlin ; this is the same protein that is chemical undifferent from what comes from the pancreatic .

und zwar genau das ist passiert , dass wir die verantwortung für unsere erinnerungen und die die eigene produktion unserer individuellen erinnerungen verlagert haben auf externe medien .
and what happened is that we transferred the responsibility for our memories and the the production of our individual memories to external media .
and that &apos;s exactly what happens is that we have the responsibility for our memories and the production of our individual memories of our individual memories on external media .
and that &apos;s exactly what happens is that we have the responsibility for our memories and our own production of our individual memories of our individual memories .

wir haben ein comic dazu . wir haben &quot; level hoch &quot; für regionales verstehen , wissensvernetzung , nachhaltigkeit , vision und einfallsreichtum .
we &apos;ve got a graphic novel , we &apos;ve got leveling up in skills like local insight , knowledge networking , sustainability , vision and resourcefulness .
we have a comic book . we have a &quot; level high level of governance , knowledge , sustainability , vision , vision and ingenuity .
we have a comic comic . we have a level of power to understand &quot; regional knowledge , knowledge , knowledge , sustainability , sustainability , vision and parachute .

und so wussten wir , dass wenn wir sehen wollten , dass dieses stück metall sich quantenmechanisch verhält , wir die ganzen mitreisenden raus schmeissen mussten .
and so we knew , if we wanted to see this piece of metal behave quantum mechanically , we &apos;re going to have to kick out all the other passengers .
and so we knew that if we wanted to see that this piece of metal holds up all the quantum mechanical stuff we had to get out of it all the way through .
and so we knew that if we wanted to see that this piece of metal is all the mechanical mechanical mechanical mechanical , we had to send out all the riots .

wir müssen diese unterhaltungen führen , und wir müssen nachdenken , aber wenn wir in die zeitmaschine steigen und in die zukunft gehen werden wir froh sein , das gemacht zu haben .
we have to have these conversations and we have to think , but when we get in the time machine and we go ahead , we &apos;re going to be happy we do .
we have to make these conversations , and we have to think , but if we go into the time machine and go to the future , we will be happy to have that .
we need to lead these conversations , and we need to think , but if we go into the time machine and go into the future , we will be glad to do that .

ein prozess , der sich – wie jeder weiß , der es je versucht hat , etwas zu machen – also in anderen worten : eigentlich jeder hier – nicht immer vernünftig verhält .
a process which , as anybody who has ever tried to make something -- which is to say basically everyone here --- knows does not always behave rationally .
a process that -- as everyone knows , has ever tried to do something -- in other words , everybody here -- doesn &apos;t always keep reasonable .
one process that everybody knows how everyone knows it has ever tried to do something -- in other words , everybody here -- not always lifted .

es scheint , als wären wir recht abgelegen von den anderen teilen des baumes des lebens , aber eigentlich zum größten teil , sind die grundlegenden mechanismen unsere zellen ziemlich gleich .
it may seem like we &apos;re quite remote from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , for the most part , the basic machinery of our cells is pretty much the same .
it seems like we &apos;re pretty remote from the other parts of life , but in fact , the biggest part is the fundamental mechanisms that are pretty much the same as our cells .
it seems like we were right by the other parts of life , but in fact , the biggest part is the fundamental mechanisms of our cells are quite the same .

und da geben wir uns mühe am medien-campus beispielsweise die virtuelle realität in unserem v.r.-labor darzustellen , dabei können wir das eigentlich die ganze zeit schon .
at the media campus , for example , we are attempting to render virtual reality in our virtual reality laboratory , but we have actually always been capable of this .
and since we &apos;re on medieval medieval reality , for example , the virtual reality in our fa.r.-lab lab lab lab , we can actually do this all the time .
and since we &apos;re going to give us the medieval campus , for example , the virtual reality in our v.r.r. lab , we can actually do that all the time .

es könnte aber auch dazu verwendet werden , die menschen aus ihren stühlen zu kriegen , und sie dazu zu bringen , gemeinsam irgendeine art spiel zu spielen , um ihre gesundheit besser zu kontrollieren .
but on the other hand , it also could be used to get people from out of their chairs and try to work together in some kind of gaming activity to get more control of their health .
but it could also be used to get people out of their chairs , and get them to get them together to play some kind of game to control their health .
but it could also be used to get people out of their chairs , and to get them to play some kind of game , to control their health better .

alle denken , ich sei zwischen &quot; titanic &quot; und &quot; avatar &quot; davongelaufen und hätte mir irgendwo die nägel auf einem handtuch am strand gefeilt .
people sort of think i went away between &quot; titanic &quot; and &quot; avatar &quot; and was buffing my nails someplace , sitting at the beach .
all of you think i was &quot; titanic &quot; and &quot; avatar , &quot; and i would have walked away somewhere in a towel on the beach .
everyone , i think it &apos;s &quot; titanic &quot; and &quot; avatar , &quot; and i would have celebrated somewhere on a hand-hand on the beach .

und trotzdem das verbrennen von kohle einer der hauptgründe für die globale erwärmung ist , die bemerkenswert saubere kohletechnologie , die sie hier sehen , ändert alles .
and while burning coal is one of the leading causes of global warming , the remarkable clean coal technology you see here changes everything .
and yet , the burning of coal is one of the main reasons for global warming is the remarkable , the remarkable clean coal technology that you see here , everything .
and yet , the burning of coal is one of the main reasons for global warming , the remarkable coal technology that you see here is changing .

aber ich denke , in diesem rahmen hier und mit der absicht , aus einer täuschung etwas echtes zu machen , werde ich die nadel einfach da drin lassen und so von der bühne gehen .
but i think in this context and with the idea of taking something fake and making it into something real , i &apos;m just going to leave it there , and walk off the stage .
but i think , in this frame and intention , from an intent to make something bad , i &apos;m just going to let the needle in there and go off the stage .
but i think in this framework , and with the intention , from a deception , i &apos;m going to let the needle go in there and go from the stage .

das heißt nicht , dass sie dann wahrscheinlich vier stunden eher nach hause gehen dürfen , sondern ihr arbeitgeber oder irgendjemandem fällt dann schon ein , wie er sie mit den vier stunden entsprechend beschäftigt .
that probably doesn &apos;t mean that you can go home four hours earlier , but that your employer or whoever will think of something else you can do with those four hours .
that doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re probably going to have to go home for four hours , but you &apos;re going to have your employer or someone else &apos;s time to take them with the four hours of adventure .
that doesn &apos;t mean that you &apos;re probably going to go home for four hours , but you &apos;re going to get your employer or somebody &apos;s labor , as you &apos;re going to do with the four hours .

und was genau ist mit den kreativen unternehmungen los , dass sie uns unsicher über den gegenseitigen geisteszustand machen – in einer art , wie es andere berufe nicht tun ?
you know , and what is it specifically about creative ventures that seems to make us really nervous about each other &apos;s mental health in a way that other careers kind of don &apos;t do , you know ?
and what &apos;s going on with the creative level of entrepreneurs , is that they make us insecure for each other &apos;s mind -- in a way that others don &apos;t do ?
and what about the creative entrepreneur that they make us unsafe about each other &apos;s mental state -- in a way that others don &apos;t do it ?

ich schlage also vor , wenn ihnen schnell übel wird , dann schauen sie für die nächsten 30 sekunden weg . oder , wissen sie was , ich werde den ersten heiklen teil hier hinten machen .
so , i suggest if you get queasy easy that you look away for about the next 30 -- in fact , you know what , i &apos;ll do the first bad part behind it .
so i propose to you , if you bend up , then look at the next 30 seconds , or , you know , what i &apos;m going to do , the first heck here .
so i &apos;m going to sleep when you get fast , you &apos;re looking for the next 30 seconds , or you know what i &apos;m going to do for the first threshold here .

es wird eine weile dauern , und die leute werden diskutieren , ob sie erlebnis-glück erforschen wollen oder ob sie lebens-bewertung erforschen wollen , also müssen wir diese diskussion ziemlich bald führen .
it &apos;s going to take a while , and people are going to debate whether they want to study experience happiness , or whether they want to study life evaluation , so we need to have that debate fairly soon .
it &apos;s going to be a while of regret , and people are going to discuss whether they want to study happiness or whether they want to study food , so we need to bring that discussion pretty soon .
it &apos;s going to take a while , and people will discuss whether they want to explore an experience of happiness , or whether they want to explore life expectation , so we have to do that pretty soon .

in dem wir ihm einen kleinen schubs gaben , konnten wir es veranlassen zur gleichen zeit zu vibrieren und nicht zu vibrieren -- etwas was nur in der quantenmechanik erlaubt ist .
and by giving it a gentle nudge , we were able to make it both vibrate and not vibrate at the same time -- something that &apos;s only allowed with quantum mechanics .
we gave him a little push , we could let it go back to the same time , and not vibrating -- which is just in the quantum mechanics .
in which we gave him a little shoe , we could put it to the same time to vibrate and not to vibrate -- something only allows in the quantum quantum mechanics .

wenn also jemand einhundert millionen kopien meiner visitenkarte möchte , ich habe genügend für jedermann in diesem raum und sogar für jedermann auf dieser welt , und es ist genau hier .
so if anyone would like a hundred million copies of my business card , i have plenty for everyone in the room , and , in fact , everyone in the world , and it &apos;s right here .
so if someone wants to map hundreds of millions of copies of my business card , i have enough for everybody in this room and even for everyone around the world , and it &apos;s right here .
so if someone wants to take a hundred million copies of my visitation map , i have enough for everyone in this room and even for everyone in this world , and it &apos;s right here .

wenn also die transporttechnologie so schnell wie die mikroprozessor-technologie fortschreiten würde , dann könnten wir übermorgen in ein taxi einsteigen und in 30 sekunden wären wir in tokyo .
so if transportation technology was moving along as fast as microprocessor technology , then the day after tomorrow , i would be able to get in a taxi cab and be in tokyo in 30 seconds .
so if the transportation technologies just like the microprocessor technology advances , we could go over to a taxonomy store in the morning and 30 seconds , we would be in tokyo .
so if the transportation technology would make as fast as the microprocessor technology would continue , then we could go into a taxi morning , and we would be in 30 seconds .

um zu beweisen , dass es sich wirklich um einen text und nicht um ein bild handelt , können wir etwas wie das tun , um wirklich zu zeigen , dass diese eine echte repräsentation des texts und kein bild ist .
to prove to you that it &apos;s really text , and not an image , we can do something like so , to really show that this is a real representation of the text ; it &apos;s not a picture .
in order to prove that it &apos;s really a text and not a picture , we can do something about it , to really show that this representation of the texture is not a picture .
to prove that it &apos;s really a text and not a picture , we can do something like this to really show that this is a real presentation of texts and not a picture .

nun , es stellt sich heraus , dass klima nicht sehr wichtig für das erlebende selbst ist , und es ist nicht einmal sehr wichtig für das nachdenkliche selbst , das entscheidet , wie glücklich leute sind .
well , it turns out that climate is not very important to the experiencing self and it &apos;s not even very important to the reflective self that decides how happy people are .
well , it turns out climate is not very important for life itself , and it &apos;s not even very important for the thinking itself , to decide how happy people are .
well , it turns out that climate isn &apos;t very important for the living self , and it &apos;s not even important to think about the afternoon , the decision of how happy people are .

osit osit an sich wird ungefähr fünfzig bis siebzigtausend mal von uns je nach aktivität , also im schlaf hat man festgestellt , dass es dann weniger häufig strapaziert wird als am tag .
osit in itself is used by us fifty to seventy thousand times depending on the activity , it was ascertained that when you sleep it is strained less than in the day .
that &apos;s about 50 to 40 or six thousand times , ever after the activity of us , so in the sleep , you realize that it &apos;s more often than the day .
obesity is going to be about five to seven thousand times a thousand times of us ever in activity , so in the battle that it &apos;s going to be less often pasted than a day .

und wir bitten unsere kollegen auf der ganzen welt , von anderen universitäten , darum , uns dabei zu helfen , sich wie knotenpunkte zu verhalten , um diese aeds auf der ganzen welt zu crowdsourcen .
and &#91; we &apos;re &#93; asking all of our colleagues in the rest of the world , colleague universities , to help us to find and work and act like a hub to crowd-source all these aeds all around the world .
and we ask our colleagues around the world , from other universities , to help us behave like knees to behave in order to build these eds around the world .
and we &apos;re asking our colleagues all over the world , from other universities , to help us figure out how kesthetical points are to protect these aeds around the world .

als ich also zurückkam , um meinen nächsten film &quot; avatar &quot; zu drehen , versuchte ich denselben führungsstil anzuwenden , nämlich dass man sein team respektiert und sich im gegenzug dessen respekt verdient .
so , when i came back to make my next movie , which was &quot; avatar , &quot; i tried to apply that same principle of leadership , which is that you respect your team , and you earn their respect in return .
so when i came back to make my next movie &quot; avatar , i was trying to turn the same style of leadership , which is how to respect his team and respect .
so when i came back to turn my next film , &quot; aavatar , i tried to apply the same leadership , which is that you respect his team and respect to respect in the train .

es ist diese kopf-herz-verbindung , von der ich glaube , dass sie uns antreibt , nicht nur offen zu sein für all die hellen und begeisternden dinge , sondern auch für die dunklen und problematischen .
and it &apos;s that mind-heart connection that i believe compels us to not just be attentive to all the bright and dazzly things , but also the dark and difficult things .
it &apos;s this cereal connection , which i think is that it drives us to not just be open to all of us , but to the dark things , to the dark and to the dark .
it &apos;s this chet-heart connection that i think they &apos;re going to make us not just be open to all the harbor and star things , but also for the dark and problematic problems .

aber mit dieser logik , die es einfach nutzt , dass zwei sätze logisch korrekt sind , und einen dritten dazuhängt , der so aussieht , als hätte er etwas damit zu tun , damit können wir unsere lebenslüge retten .
so we act as if it were impossible to live without a soul .
but with that logic , it just uses two sentences that are correctly correctly correctly correlated , and it seems to be that it might have something to do with it , that we can save our lifespan .
but with this logic that it just uses two sentences correct correctly , and a third one that looks like it would have something to do so that we can save our lifespan .

eines der dinge , die ich durch den x prize gelernt habe , ist , dass kleine teams , die durch passion und fokus motiviert sind , außergewöhnliche dinge schaffen können , dinge , die große unternehmen und regierungen nur in der vergangenheit schaffen konnten .
the one thing i &apos;ve learned at the x prize is that small teams driven by their passion with a clear focus can do extraordinary things , things that large corporations and governments could only do in the past .
one of the things that i &apos;ve learned through the x prize is that little teams that are able to create passion and focus are extraordinary , extraordinary things that companies and governments can only create in the past .
one of the things that i learned through the x prize is that little teams that are motivated by passion and passion , are extraordinary things can create , things that were able to create big companies and governments in the past .

wir sollten diese herausfordernden zeiten nicht abwerten oder verleugnen , wir sollten weder versuchen , sie zu vermeiden , noch sollten wir sie unter den teppich kehren , sondern es geht darum , in den widrigkeiten chancen zu erkennen .
so it &apos;s not about devaluing , or negating , these more trying times as something we want to avoid or sweep under the rug , but instead to find those opportunities wrapped in the adversity .
we should not deny those times , or denied , or should we try not to avoid them , nor should we be able to see them under the carpet , but it &apos;s about swimming in the wild channels .
we should not deny these challenging times or denial , we should not try to avoid them , we should be able to reverse them under the carpet , but it &apos;s about to recognize the third chances .

da ist dieser kerl in der i.t. abteilung der stadt honolulu , der gesehen hat , dass er diese app verwenden könnte , nicht für schnee , sondern , damit die bürger tsunami-sirenen adoptieren .
there &apos;s a guy in the i.t. department of the city of honolulu who saw this app and realized that he could use it , not for snow , but to get citizens to adopt tsunami sirens .
there &apos;s this guy in i.t. de the town of honolu , who saw that he could use this app , not for snow , but the citizens of iamo adoption adoption .
there &apos;s this guy in i.t. department of the city of honolulu , who saw that he could use this app , not for snow , but to adopt the tsunami .

und auch ich hab mein denken im lauf der zeit geändert , wenn sie mich im alter von 15 jahren gefragt hätten , ob ich meine prothesen gegen beine aus fleisch und knochen getauscht hätte , dann hätte ich keine sekunde gezögert .
and there &apos;s been a shift in my thinking over time , in that , if you had asked me at 15 years old , if i would have traded prosthetics for flesh-and-bone legs , i wouldn &apos;t have hesitated for a second .
and also , i think , in the course of the time , if you &apos;d been asked by age 15 years , if i had my prosthetics against legs and bones , then i wouldn &apos;t have killed a second .
and i also had changed my thinking in the course of time when they asked me at age 15 years of age , whether i had my prosthetic legs out of legs and meat , and then i would have no second time .

viele altertümliche gesellschaften , einschließlich die der griechen und der römer , haben wirklich geglaubt , dass die aussprache eines fluchs eine große kraft hat , weil das , was man laut ausspricht , sich auch manifestieren kann .
in fact , many ancient societies , including the greeks and the romans , believed that to utter a curse verbally was so powerful , because to say the thing out loud brought it into existence .
a lot of aging societies , including the greeks and the greeks , have really believed that the language of a flooding has a great force , because what you talk about is how to manifest themselves .
a lot of aging societies , including the greeks and the tube and the tube , really believed that the language of a flight has a huge force because what you can talk about is manipulating .

nicht , den klärschlamm noch ein bisschen besser zu verbrennen und ihn damit abzulagern und in der verbrennungsanlage die ganzen materialien für kreisläufe zu verlieren , sondern zuerst mal zu fragen , wie schließt man kreisläufe ?
not burning the biosolids a little more , storing them and losing all the materials for the cycles in the incineration plant , but asking oneself , how do you close cycles ?
not to burn the mud a little bit better , to burn it and to keep it in charge of the treaties for materials for materials , but first to ask questions about how to make it happen ?
not to burn a little bit better to burn it and burn it into the fuel facility for circles , but to lose first time , how do you shake circles ?

hast du keine angst , dass du diesem handwerk dein leben lang nachgehst und daraus nie etwas entsteht und dass du auf einem schrotthaufen geplatzter träume sterben wirst – dein mund gefüllt mit der bitteren asche des versagens ? <unk>
aren &apos;t you afraid that you &apos;re going to work your whole life at this craft and nothing &apos;s ever going to come of it and you &apos;re going to die on a scrap heap of broken dreams with your mouth filled with bitter ash of failure ? &quot;
you have no fear that you have to live your life for a long time , and you never come out of it , and you &apos;re going to die on a rotated swarm dreams -- your mouth filled with the bites of asks ?
do you have no fear that you live your life for a long time , and you never get something out of it , and you &apos;re going to die on a rocket , you &apos;re going to die of your mouth -- your mouth is filled with the wider .

also das ist der eine effekt . der andere effekt ist , dass selbst wenn wir die lähmung überwinden und eine entscheidung treffen , enden wir weniger zufrieden mit dem ergebnis der auswahl , als , wenn wir die möglichkeit gehabt hätten uns zwischen weniger möglichkeiten zu entscheiden .
so that &apos;s one effect . the second effect is that even if we manage to overcome the paralysis and make a choice , we end up less satisfied with the result of the choice than we would be if we had fewer options to choose from .
so that &apos;s one effect . the other effect is that , even if we overcome paralysis and make a decision , we end up with peace in the outcome of choice , if we had the opportunity to choose between us less possibilities .
so this is one effect . the other effect is that even if we overcome the paralysis and make a decision , we make less satisfaction with the outcomes of choice than if we had the opportunity to decide between ourselves .

und die botschaft ist nun , wir müssen auf diese rotierenden massen verzichten , wenn wir sozusagen unsere ziele zwanzig , zwanzig , zwanzig prozent , zwanzig , dreißig , dreißig prozent und so weiter , wenn wir die überhaupt erreichen wollen ,
and so the message is this , we have to make do without these rotating masses , if we actually want to reach our goal of twenty , twenty , twenty percent , twenty , thirty , thirty percent etc .
and the message is now , we have to get into these rotating mammals , if we &apos;re sort of speaking our goals , 20 percent , 20 percent , 20 , 30 percent , 30 , 30 percent , 30 percent , 30 percent , and so on , if we want to reach the one , we want to reach at all .
and the message is now , we need to be able to put on these rotates , if we look at our goals , 20 percent , 20 percent , 20 percent , 20 percent , three percent , three percent , three percent , and so on , if we want to do it at all .

es war auf einem klavierkursus für musikstudenten bei meinem geliebten alten lehrer , professor jürgen ude , ein bekannter beethoven-spezialist , konzertpianist und langjähriger professor der musikhochschule hier in stuttgart .
it happened at a piano course for music students given by my beloved old teacher professor j<<unk>> gen ude , a well-known beethoven specialist , concert pianist and longstanding professor at the conservatory here in stuttgart .
it was on a four-year clash for students at my love teacher , professor jellyfish , who was a famous beethoven specialist pianist , and longtime professor of college at high school in high school .
it was on a piano curriculum for my students at my loved old teacher , professor jude , a famous beethoven specialist , concrete concrete professor and longeous professor of music school here in high school .

wenn wir den kunststoff ändern , so dass er in biologische systeme gehen kann , wenn wir die wasserspeicher ändern , drinnen , dass sie eben auf zellulosebasis zurück können , dann können sie mit einem baby in israel oder in tunesien hundertfünfzig bäume pflanzen .
if we change the plastic , so it can go into biological systems , if we change the water tank , inside , so they can go back to a cellulose base , you &apos;ll be able to plant one hundred and fifty trees in israel or tunisia with one baby .
if we change the plastics , so that it can go into biological systems , if we change the water storage , inside , you can go back to cellulosic , then you can go back to a baby , or in tunisia in tunisia in tunisia hundred trees .
if we can change the plastics so that it can go into biological systems , if we change the water stores , that they can go back to cell logic base , then they can go back with a baby in israel , or in tunisia .

aber wenn wir uns diese metabolische karte ansehen , die sehr simpel ist , im vergleich zu unserer . vertrauen sie mir , das ist simpel . aber wenn wir uns alle diese gene ansehen die wir eines nach dem anderen eliminieren können ist es sehr unwahrscheinlich dass dies zu einer lebenden zelle führen würde .
when we look at its metabolic map , it &apos;s relatively simple compared to ours -- trust me , this is simple -- but when we look at all the genes that we can knock out one at a time , it &apos;s very unlikely that this would yield a living cell .
but if we look at these metabolic map , which is very simple , compared to our trust . this is what i believe is . but if we look at all those genes that we can see after another one , it &apos;s very unlikely that it would lead to a living cell .
but if we look at this metabolic map , it &apos;s very simple to be compared to our trust . it &apos;s me , it &apos;s simky , but if we all look at this genes that we can look at one another after another , it &apos;s very unlikely that this would lead to a living cell .

nun , was man mit patient a machen könnte , und wir haben tatsächlich klinische experimente durchgeführt , und es ist gemacht worden , und es funktioniert , man könnte eigentlich die darmspiegelung von patient a verlängern indem man einfach den schlauch drin lässt ohne zu sehr an ihm zu rütteln .
now , what you could do with patient a , and we actually ran clinical experiments , and it has been done , and it does work -- you could actually extend the colonoscopy of patient a by just keeping the tube in without jiggling it too much .
now , what you could do with a patient , and we actually did experiments in clinical trials , and it &apos;s been done , and it &apos;s been worked , and you could actually increase the reflection of a patient by just having the end of the long lines in the tips , and in a very short run .
now , what you could do with patient , and we actually did clinical experiments , and it &apos;s been done , and it &apos;s been worked , and it works , you could actually reduce the reflection of the patient &apos;s reflection by just by just going to be able to put it in a very clothes .

wir haben nicht die situation , wie es zum beispiel im iran der fall ist , wo ein mann , der sich sexuell zu anderen männern hingezogen fühlt , mit dem tod bestraft wird , es sei denn er ist bereit sich einer geschlechtsumwandlung zu unterziehen , in welchem fall er am leben bleiben darf .
we don &apos;t have a situation that iran has , for example , where a man who &apos;s sexually attracted to other men is liable to be murdered , unless he &apos;s willing to submit to a sex change , in which case he &apos;s allowed to live .
we don &apos;t have the situation where , for example , iran is the case , where a man who feels sexually exclusive to other men , who is punished with death , because he &apos;s ready to go to a sexually transmitter , which is to stay in the case of life .
we don &apos;t have the situation like it &apos;s in iran , for example , where a man who feels sexually carried to other men with death , because it &apos;s ready to move on a gender force in which he could stay alive .

aber tatsächlich hatte man darüber schon lange nachgedacht , aber man konnte nie vernünftig simulieren , ob es funktionieren würde , doch seitdem es moderne supercomputer gibt , kann man es simulieren und sehen , dass : ja ! mit der richtigen materialienherangehensweise , sieht es so aus , dass es funktioniere .
in fact , people had talked about it for a long time , but they could never simulate properly whether it would work or not , and so it &apos;s through the advent of modern supercomputers that now you can simulate and see that , yes , with the right material &apos;s approach , this looks like it would work .
but in fact , you &apos;d have thought about it for a long time , but you could never be reasonably reasonable , whether it &apos;s going to work , but since it &apos;s modern computers , you can simulate it , and you can see that , yes , the right thing to do with the right kind of stuff , it looks like it &apos;s worked out that .
but in fact , you &apos;ve been thinking about it for a long time , but you could never simulate whether it was going to work , but since there &apos;s a modern computer , you can see it , you can simulate it , and you can see that , yes , with the right material approach , it looks like this .

in diesem bild , ich habe einen busch als ein zentrum der verzweigungen in alle richtungen gelegt , denn wenn man sich die rändern des baum des lebens anschaut , alle existierenden spezien an den spitzen dieser zweige haben in evolutionären begriffen erfolg gehabt : sie haben überlebt ; es hat seiner umgebung fitness und stärke demonstriert .
in this picture , i &apos;ve put a bush with a center branching out in all directions , because if you look at the edges of the tree of life , every existing species at the tips of those branches has succeeded in evolutionary terms : it has survived ; it has demonstrated a fitness to its environment .
and in this picture , i &apos;ve taken a bus shelf as a branch of desperation in all directions , because if you look at the changing tree of life , all of the existing specialties that have existed in this branch of evolutionary success , you have survived : it has survived ; it has its environment and its strength .
in this picture , i put a bus as a center of a despair of desperation in all the directions , because if you look at the rings of the tree of life , all the existing specialized in the two terms of the evolutionary terms of the evolutionary success , you &apos;ve survived it ; it has a fitter of his environment .

und wenn sie einen anderen urlaub wählen würden , gibt es einen konflikt zwischen ihren beiden arten des selbst und sie müssen darüber nachdenken , wie sie diesen konflikt entscheiden und das ist wirklich überhaupt nicht offensichtlich , denn wenn sie im sinne von zeit denken bekommen sie eine antwort . und wenn sie im sinne von erinnerungen denken könnten sie eine andere antwort bekommen .
and if you would choose a different vacation , there is a conflict between your two selves , and you need to think about how to adjudicate that conflict , and it &apos;s actually not at all obvious , because if you think in terms of time , then you get one answer , and if you think in terms of memories , you might get another answer .
if you were to choose another vacation , there &apos;s a conflict between your own self and you must think about how you decide to do this conflict , because if you think about it in the time you get an answer , and if you could think about it in the sense , if you could get a different sense of memory , you could get some answer .
and if you &apos;re going to choose another speaker , and if you &apos;re going to choose another speaker , there &apos;s a conflict between the two types of self and you have to think about how you decide how you decide this conflict , and it &apos;s really not obvious , because , obviously , if you get a sense of time , and if you get an answer . and if you think of memory , you could get another answer .

es ist eigentlich dasjenige , das entscheidungen trifft , denn wenn sie einen patienten haben , der , sagen wir zwei darmspiegelungen bei zwei unterschiedlichen chirurgen hatte und sich entscheidet , welchen er wählen soll , dann ist der , der wählt der , der die erinnerung hat , die weniger schlimm ist und das ist der chirurg , der ausgewählt werden wird .
it is actually the one that makes decisions because , if you have a patient who has had , say , two colonoscopies with two different surgeons and is deciding which of them to choose , then the one that chooses is the one that has the memory that is less bad , and that &apos;s the surgeon that will be chosen .
it &apos;s actually this kind of true thing , because if you have a patient who has two layers of reflection in two different kinds of surveys , and which is to choose , then the passenger pigeon , who has the memory that has less , and that is the bad one that &apos;s chosen , that &apos;s going to be selected .
it &apos;s actually a way of making decisions , because if you have a patient who has two mirrors in two different surfaces , and he &apos;s supposed to choose what he &apos;s supposed to choose , the memory that &apos;s the memory that &apos;s less likely to be chosen , and that &apos;s the surgeon .

diese leute sind online zu reichtum gekommen , aber sie haben es illegal erworben , indem sie z.b. trojaner eingesetzt haben , um geld aus unseren bankkonten zu klauen , während wir unser online-banking erledigen , oder auch keylogger , die unsere kredikarteninformationen bei der eingabe über die tastatur gesammelt haben , während wir über einen infizierten computer online einkaufen .
these guys make their fortunes online , but they make it through the illegal means of using things like banking trojans to steal money from our bank accounts while we do online banking , or with keyloggers to collect our credit card information while we are doing online shopping from an infected computer .
now , these people have come online to wealth , but they &apos;ve made it illegal by using trolls to make money from our bank accounts , while we &apos;ve done our online database , or our keyboard , our keyboard , or our credit card information that has collection on the output information that we &apos;ve collected online for a while we buy a computer online .
these people have come online to travel online , but they &apos;ve been doing it illegal by using janjones to make money from our bank , while we &apos;re doing our online banking banks , or also the keyboxes , the logic information that we &apos;ve collected about the information that we &apos;ve used to have online with a computer online .

die jungen akolythen werden im alter von drei und vier jahren von ihren familien getrennt und in einer schattenhaften welt der finsternis , in steinhütten am fuße der gletscher für 18 jahre abgeschottet . zwei zeiträume von jeweils neun jahren , absichtlich gewählt , um die neun monate der schwangerschaft nachzuahmen , die sie im schoß ihrer leiblichen mutter verbrachten , verbringen sie nun metamorphorisch im schoß der großen mutter .
the young acolytes are taken away from their families at the age of three and four , sequestered in a shadowy world of darkness in stone huts at the base of glaciers for 18 years : two nine-year periods deliberately chosen to mimic the nine months of gestation they spend in their natural mother &apos;s womb ; now they are metaphorically in the womb of the great mother .
so , in the age of three , age three is separated from age three , and separated families from their families , and in a hazis from the world of stone , they went to age 18 , and they chose the glacier for 18 years , two dreams of nine years , when the nine years were elected to pregnant , the pregnancy of the pregnancy they were shooting at their mother .
in the age of three years , four years of their families are separated by four years and four years of their families and family were separated in a formula world , and in a formula , in the stone hills of the stone hills for 18 years . nine years , nine years , the nine months of the shooting , the shooting that they spend in the mother of their mother &apos;s mother &apos;s ubiquest , and they &apos;re going to be replaced in the great mother &apos;s mother &apos;s mother &apos;s mother &apos;s .

