nechoďte ve stopách fedu
don &apos;t follow the fed
do not want a football footprint .
do not want a football footprint .

přinejmenším by srbsko vedlo intenzivní kampaň proti uznání .
at a minimum , serbia would campaign strongly against recognition .
at least serbia would lead an intensive campaign against recognition .
at least serbia would lead to an intensive campaign against recognition .

boj za demokracii nemůže být selektivní .
the fight for democracy cannot be selective .
the fight for democracy cannot be selective .
the fight for democracy cannot be selective .

lidé to však většinou vidí jinak .
but most people don &apos;t see things this way .
however , people see it in a different way .
however , the people of the majority see this differently .

léčba daněmi
saved by taxes
the treatment of taxes
i have the treatment of the cure .

rozšíření znamená solidaritu
expansion is solidarity
enlargement means solidarity with enlargement means solidarity .
solidarity means solidarity between enlargement and enlargement means solidarity .

vláda stále zaostává ve svých reformách domácího hospodářství .
the government is still lagging on its domestic economic reforms .
the government is still lagging behind in its reforms of the domestic economy .
the government is still lagging behind in its reforms to the domestic economy .

lidé v dnešním bílém domě věří na reálpolitiku .
those in the white house today believe in realpolitik .
people in today &apos;s white house believe in real policy .
people in today &apos;s white house believe in a real policy .

očekávejme ještě silnější tepání ecb .
expect more ecb-bashing .
let us await even stronger heating of the ecb .
let us face up to the stronger testing of the ecb .

v bohatých zemích čelí podobné situaci jen málo lidí .
this is a situation that few people in rich countries face .
there are only few people facing similar situations in rich countries .
few people are facing a similar situation in rich countries .

v komunistických režimech byla ideologie nástrojem .
under the communist regimes , ideologies became totally instrumental .
ideology was an instrument in the communist regime .
ideology was an ideology of ideology in communist regimes .

očekávejme tedy , že bude její naplnění zoufale prosazovat .
expect him to push on hopelessly .
so let us say that it will be desperate to implement it .
let us therefore take care that it will be desperate to implement it .

v sydney dokonce ceny domů ve druhém čtvrtletí poklesly .
in sydney , home prices actually fell in the second quarter .
even the prices of houses in the second quarter have fallen .
even the prices of home in the second quarter have fallen down .

není tedy překvapivé , že návrh byl rychle uložen k ledu .
not surprisingly , the proposal was quickly shelved .
it is therefore not surprising that the proposal was quickly imposed on the ice .
it is therefore not surprising that the proposal was quickly imposed on the ice .

· potíže s bezpečností léku je třeba považovat za systémové selhání .
· the drug-safety problem must be seen as a systemic failure .
the difficulties with the safety of medicines need to be considered a systemic failure .
the problems of the safety of the summer must be considered as a systemic failure .

dobře patrný příklad existuje již dnes ve filmovém průmyslu .
a conspicuous example already exists in the movie production industry .
there is already a good example in the film industry today .
there is already a good example in the film industry today .

schvalování a používání léčiv vyžaduje pečlivé zvážení žádoucích a nežádoucích důsledků .
drug approval and use requires a careful weighing of desirable and undesirable effects .
the authorisation and use of medicines requires careful consideration and undesirable consequences .
the approval and use of medicines requires careful consideration of the desired and undesirable consequences .

výsledný tlak na evropské instituce provozující výkonné umění vyvolává obavy na několika různých úrovních .
the resulting pressure on europe &apos;s performing arts institutions is causing concern at various different levels .
the resulting pressure on the european institutions operating executive arises concerns at several different levels .
the results of pressure on the european institutions operating in the executive are causing concern at several different levels .

a ani nejsou výsledkem snažení zemí s vysokou inflací jako je například finsko nebo irsko .
nor are higher-inflation successes like finland or ireland to blame .
nor is it the result of the efforts of countries with high inflation such as finland or ireland .
nor are it the result of the efforts of countries with high inflation , such as finland or ireland .

střední evropou , která se připravuje na členství v evropské unii , obchází přízrak .
a specter is haunting central europe as its countries prepare for eu membership .
the central europe that is preparing for membership of the european union is a miracle .
the central europe that is preparing for membership of the european union is a miracle .

to platí zejména tam , kde lidská utrpení způsobuje místní konflikt , jak tomu bylo v kosovu .
this is especially true where human suffering is caused by communal conflict , as was the case in kosovo .
this applies particularly to where human suffering causes local conflict , as was the case in kosovo .
this is particularly true where human suffering causes local conflict , as was the case in kosovo .

neexistuje žádná jistějsí cesta do ekonomické katastrofy než dát si historické klapky na oči .
there is no more certain route to economic disaster than to put on historical blinders .
there is no way to go into economic disasters than to give historic pupils to the eyes .
there is no certain way to go to economic disasters than to give historical deposits to their eyes .

kdyby takové přesné zákony existovaly , chodorkovskij by možná nebyl v tak velkých obtížích .
khodorkovsky might not be in as much trouble if such precise laws existed .
if such precise laws existed , khodorkovskaya would perhaps not be so great difficulties .
if such accurate laws existed , khodorkovsky would perhaps not be so difficult .

během poslední dekády indická valutová likvidita posílila skutenčně dramaticky .
indeed , india &apos;s external liquidity position has strengthened dramatically in the past decade .
during the last designation of indian centuries of liquidity , it has increased dramatically dramatically .
during the last devaluation of indian valley , india &apos;s liquidity has increased dramatically .

například ředitel úřadu pro řízení a rozpočet mitch daniels uvedl číslo 60 miliard dolarů .
for example , office of management and budget director mitch daniels put the number at $ 60 billion .
for example , the director of the office for governance and the mitti budget mentioned the figure of 60 billion dollars .
for example , the director of the management and budget of mittera danio has given a number of 60 billion dollars .

úmluva kjótského protokolu právě začala platit pro 126 států , které se k ní připojily .
the kyoto protocol treaty has now entered into force for the 126 nations who have joined it so far .
the kyoto protocol convention has just started to apply for 126 states that joined it .
the kyoto convention has just begun to apply to 126 states that joined it .

za normálních okolností využívají země předsednictví eu k tomu , aby prokázaly svou schopnost řešit problémy a posouvat unii vpřed .
normally , countries use their eu presidencies to display their ability to solve problems and move the union forward .
under normal circumstances , eu countries are using the eu presidency to demonstrate their ability to address problems and assess the union forward .
under normal circumstances , the countries of the eu presidency are using the eu presidency to show their ability to address problems and assess the union .

úplná směnitelnost není ani klíčem k přilákání mohutnějšího přílivu přímých zahraničních investic .
nor is full convertibility the key to attracting higher inflows of foreign direct investment ( fdi ) .
complete rigour is neither the key to attracting a more proactive influx of foreign direct investment .
full rigour is not the key to attracting a more significant influx of foreign direct investment .

dnes se jím stává postupimská dohoda z roku 1945 , která odsun německého obyvatelstva posvětila .
today , it appears that the potsdam declarations of 1945 , which sanctioned the mass eviction of german populations , are the new enemy .
today , the gradual agreement of 1945 , which has been condemned by the german population , has become a gradual agreement .
today , it is becoming a gradual agreement from 1945 , which denounced the german population by the german population .

mohlo by tedy být k užitku nastínit zásady a úmysly , jimiž se řídí zahraniční politika usa .
so it may be helpful to outline the principles and ideas that guide us foreign policy .
therefore , the principles and intentions governed by the us foreign policy could be used .
therefore , it could be a good idea to outline the principles and intentions governing the us foreign policy .

to , že k tomu nedošlo , tedy alespoň ve velkém měřítku ne , neznamená , že se tak stát nemůže .
that this has not happened , at least on a large scale , is not to say that it cannot happen at all .
this does not happen , at least on a large scale , does not mean that it cannot happen .
the fact that this has not happened , at least on a large scale , does not mean that this cannot happen .

místo aby se regionální konflikt ochlazoval , mezietnická nenávist zůstává stejně rozžhavená jako kdykoliv předtím .
instead of cooling communal conflict , interethnic hatred remains as heated as ever .
instead of protecting the regional conflict , interethnic hatred remains the same ridiculous as ever .
instead of protecting the regional conflict , interethnic hatred , it remains just as distant as ever before .

ti , kdo si přáli omezit využívání institutu poroty , se údajně obávali ohrožení státní bezpečnosti v některých případech .
those who wanted to limit the use of juries supposedly feared a risk to state security in some instances .
those who wished to reduce the use of the institute of office have allegedly worded the threat of state security in some cases .
those who wished to limit the use of the roadmap were allegedly threatened by state security in some cases .

spojené státy a jejich evropští přátelé opakovaně dali najevo záměr učinit do konce roku obtížné rozhodnutí , zda oddělit kosovo od srbska .
the united states and its european friends have repeatedly stated their intent to make the difficult decision before the end of the year on whether to separate kosovo from serbia .
the united states and their european friends have repeatedly shown the intention to make a difficult decision by the end of the year whether to separate kosovo from serbia .
the united states and their european friends have repeatedly shown the intention to make a difficult decision by the end of the year whether to separate kosovo from serbia .

po krizi platební bilance v roce 1991 měnový kurz rupie devalvoval o asi 20 % .
following the 1991 balance of payments crisis , the rupee &apos;s exchange rate was devalued around 20 % .
following the crisis of payments in 1991 , the monetary exchange rate of rupie devalued about 20 % .
following the crisis of the balance of payments in 1991 , the monetary kurdish exchange rate was around 20 % .

totéž platí i pro británii a austrálii , kde veřejná opozice proti válce neznamenala víc než nic .
the same holds true for britain and australia , where public opposition to war counted for naught .
the same applies to britain and australia , where the public opposition against war did not mean more than nothing .
the same applies to britain and australia , where the public opposition against war did not mean more than nothing .

posouzení , zda ten či onen deficit bere ohled na budoucí generace , závisí na tom , jakým způsobem je vládou nastaven systém zdanění a výdajů .
whether or not deficits treat future generations properly depends on how a government &apos;s systems for taxation and expenditure are designed .
the assessment of whether or onto the deficit takes account of future generations depends on how the government is establishing a taxation and expenditure system .
the assessment of whether or the deficit takes account of future generations depends on the way in which the government is set up a system of taxation and expenditure .

pro indii je tedy nezbytné podpořit příliv dlouhodobého kapitálu , bez ohledu na to , zda je kapitálový účet uzavřený nebo otevřený .
so it is vital for india to increase the inward flow of long-term capital , regardless of whether the capital account is closed or open .
it is therefore essential for india to support the influx of long-term capital , regardless of whether the capital accounts are closed or open .
it is therefore necessary to support the flow of capital for india , regardless of whether capital accounts are closed or open .

reakce některých zemí v regionu byla skutečně impozantní a prokázala , jak daleko už dospěly s budováním schopných a účinných vlád .
the response of some countries within the region was truly impressive , showing how far they had come in establishing efficient and effective governments .
the reaction of some countries in the region was really impressive and demonstrated how far they have reached with the building of capable and effective governments .
the response of some countries in the region has indeed been impressive and has shown how far the building of capable and effective governments have already reached .

k čemu jsou nízké ceny dobré , když slouží převážně k dotování stále stejných držitelů předplatného a když nejsou volná místa ?
what good are cheap prices , which serve mainly to subsidize the same subscription holders , if there are no seats ?
what are low prices good when they serve predominantly to subsidise the same prerogatives valid and when they are not free ?
what are low prices of good quality when they are primarily serving the same holders of the present and when they are not free ?

demokracie sice některé společné hodnoty rozvíjí , avšak jde o hodnoty nesmírně liberální - jinými slovy , individuální práva trumfují kolektivní povinnosti .
democracy does nurture some common values , but they are overwhelmingly liberal values - in other words , individual rights trump collective obligations .
although democracy is developing certain common values , it is extremely liberal - in other words , individual rights of collective obligations .
although democracy is developing some common values , it is a value of extremely liberal - in other words , individual rights of trusting collective obligations .

všichni by měli chtít , aby dnešní nerozdělená evropa na těchto úspěších stavěla , nikoliv aby je ohrožovala vysoká nezaměstnanost přetrvávající po celé generace .
everyone should want today &apos;s undivided europe to build on these accomplishments , rather than for generations of high unemployment to jeopardize them .
all of them should want today &apos;s undivided europe to these successes , not to jeopardise high unemployment persistent throughout generations .
everyone should ask that today &apos;s undivided europe is built on these successes , not to jeopardise high unemployment throughout the generation .

se snížením veřejných výdajů na výkonné umění samozřejmě nevznikne pouze větší závislost na soukromých penězích , ale vzrůst budou muset také ceny vstupného .
of course , with reduced public spending on the performing arts , not only will there be greater reliance on private money , but ticket prices will have to rise as well .
of course , the reduction in public spending on executive expenditure will not only create greater dependence on private money but will also have to increase prices .
of course , by reducing public expenditure on executive expenditure , it will not only create more dependence on private money , but growth will also have to be taken into account .

odhaduje se , že jen v samotných spojených státech každý rok v důsledku vážných nežádoucích účinků léčiv zemře až 100 tisíc pacientů .
in the united states alone , it is estimated that every year up to 100,000 patients die due to serious adverse drug reactions ( adr &apos;s ) .
it is estimated that only in the united states itself every year , as a result of serious undesirable effects of medicines , up to 100 000 patients die .
it is estimated that only in the united states alone every year , as a result of serious inefficiency of medicines , up to 100 000 patients .

po roce 1945 se západní evropa odhodlala k nepříjemné diskusi o dějinách , jež přispěla k francouzsko-německému usmíření .
after 1945 , western europe undertook painful debates about history , and these helped bring about franco-german reconciliation .
after 1945 , western europe committed itself to an unpleasant debate on history , which contributed to the french german reconciliation .
after 1945 , western europe has committed itself to an unpleasant debate on history , which contributed to french german reconciliation .

právě proto postkomunistické společnosti neprojevují žádnou noblesu či nezištnost , která by silně kontrastovala se západem .
this is why postcommunist societies do not demonstrate any nobility or disinterestedness that seriously contrasts with the west .
it is precisely for this reason that post-communist society does not show any noise or invisibility , which would have been severely trapped by the west .
this is precisely why post-communist companies do not show any noble or insolvency , which would be severely trained by the west .

ostatně , dějiny protiraketové obrany jsou příběhem technologie , která bezustání zklamává své zastánce ve vládě i mimo ni .
after all , the history of missile defense is a tale of technology constantly disappointing its advocates in and out of government .
after all , history of anti-missile defence is an example during a technology that does not disappointment its supporters in government and outside the government .
after all , history of anti-missile defence is an example during the technology , which is disappointing its supporters in the government and outside .

to byl důvod , proč i přes ohromné množství skvělých znalostí , jež byly shromážděny , zůstávalo řešení dráždivě mimo obzor .
so despite the enormous amount of excellent data that was collected , the solution remained tantalizingly out of reach .
this was the reason why , despite the enormous amount of excellent knowledge collected by the gains , there was a solution to dedoh outside the obesity .
this was the reason why , despite the enormous amount of excellent knowledge collected , a solution has remained vicious outside the world .

je obzvlášť obtížné negativní reakci připsat působení léku , jestliže jde o zdravotní komplikaci , která je u dané věkové skupiny nebo léčených potíží běžná .
it is especially difficult to attribute an adverse reaction to a drug if the medical event is common in the user &apos;s age group or in the condition being treated .
it is particularly difficult to give a negative response to the work of the mediation if it is a health complicated , which is normal in the age group or in the prescriptions .
it is particularly difficult to write a negative response to the mediation if it is a health complexity that is the case with the age group or the summer difficulties .

detekční technologie jasně prokázala , že irák žádné jaderné zbraně nemá , na což poukázal i šéf zbrojních inspektorů osn hans blix .
detection technology made it clear that iraq did not have nuclear weapons , as chief un inspector hans blix pointed out .
the scandal technology has clearly shown that iraq has no nuclear weapons , which also pointed out the shareholders of the un hirrix inspectors .
the scandalous technology has clearly shown that iraq has no nuclear weapons , which has also pointed out the disarmament of the united nations hone inspectors .

pravidla , která budou řídit chování politiků , nesmí být vytvořena tak , jako by se měla vztahovat na nezaujaté veřejné sluhy s dobrými úmysly .
the rules that govern politicians &apos; behavior must not be written as if disinterested , well-intentioned public servants will apply them .
rules that govern the behaviour of politicians must not be created as such as they should apply to unbiased public merits with good intentions .
the rules that are going to follow the behaviour of politicians must not be created as they should apply to unaccepted public mergers with good intentions .

čtvrtým šokem bylo rozšíření eu na východ , které přineslo mimořádné obchodní a investiční příležitosti na východě , ale současně znamenalo silnou konkurenci levné pracovní síly .
the fourth shock was eastern eu enlargement , which has brought extraordinary chances for trade and investment in the east , but has also brought massive low-wage competition .
the fourth philosophy was the expansion of the eu to the east , which brought extraordinary trade and investment opportunities in the east , but at the same time , meant strong competition by cheap labour .
the fourth team was the enlargement of the eu to the east , which has brought an extraordinary trade and investment opportunity in the east , but at the same time it meant strong competition for cheap labour .

vlastně i demokracii jakožto systém , který počítá s účastí všech , lze vnímat jako svého druhu metainstituci , která pomáhá při výběru ze seznamu možných institucionálních uspořádání pro určitou oblast .
in fact , we can think of participatory democracy as a meta-institution that helps select among the &quot; menu &quot; of possible institutional arrangements in each area .
in fact , democracy as a system that counts all participation can be seen as its kind of metar institution , which helps to select the list of possible institutional arrangements for a certain area .
in fact , as a system that counts all the participation of all , it can be seen as a kind of metar that helps to choose the list of possible institutional arrangements for a certain area .

před pětadvaceti lety ohromilo občany polska zvolení jejich rodáka , krakovského kardinála karola wojtyly novým papežem .
twenty-five years ago , poland &apos;s people were stunned by the choice of their compatriot , cardinal karol wojtyla of cracow , as pope .
twenty years ago , poland was threatened by the citizens of poland &apos;s election of their rockets , the extreme carros wojtis wojtis .
twenty-five years ago , poland has threatened the citizens of poland to elect their slaughter , the countryna karol wojtil wool , a new pope .

vodní infrastruktura se může a musí rozvíjet paralelně se zdravými institucemi , kvalitním řízením , obrovskou pozorností k životnímu prostředí a spravedlivou dělbou nákladů a přínosů .
water infrastructure can and must be developed in parallel with sound institutions , good governance , great attention to the environment , and an equitable sharing of costs and benefits .
water infrastructure can and must develop parallel with healthy institutions , quality management , enormous attention to the environment and fair distribution of costs and benefits .
the water infrastructure can and must develop parallel with healthy institutions , quality management , huge attention to the environment and fair costs and benefits .

přijdou později a budou záviset na tom , zda george bush a tony blair budou schopni ospravedlnit svůj tvrdý útok na převážně bezbranné obyvatelstvo .
they will come later , and will depend on whether george bush and tony blair can justify their onslaught on a largely defenseless population .
they will come later and will depend on whether george bush and tony blair will be able to justify their hard attack on the mostly defenceless population .
they will come later , and they will depend on whether george bush and tony blair will be able to justify their hard attack on the vast defenceless population .

soudě podle výsledku schůzky rady guvernérů ecb z minulého měsíce , zdá se , že tato <unk> unce prevence <unk> je v hospodářství eurozóny už na spadnutí .
judging from the outcome of last month &apos;s meeting of the ecb &apos;s governing council , that &quot; ounce of prevention &quot; appears to be right around the corner for the euro-zone economy .
according to the outcome of the council meeting of the council of governor of the ecb last month , it seems that this mandate for prevention is already in force in the euro area &apos;s economy .
judges , according to the outcome of the council meeting of the governor of the ecb last month , it seems that this crackdown of prevention is already in the euro area economy .

loni v září se usa společně s francií zasadily o rezoluci 1559 rady bezpečnosti osn požadující syrské stažení a odzbrojení milic <unk> zejména hizballáhu .
last september , the us , together with france , sponsored un security council resolution 1559 demanding a syrian pullout and the disarming of militias -- mainly hezbollah .
last september , the us , together with france , held a resolution of 1559 of the united nations security council calling for syrian withdrawal and the disarmament of militias , in particular , of hezbollah .
last september , the usa , together with france , held a resolution 1559 of the un security council calling for the syrian withdrawal and disarmament of the militias in particular .

těch několik málo případů úspěchu se událo v zemích , které pochodovaly podle svých vlastních bubnů - a které lze jen stěží nazvat modelovými potomky neoliberalismu .
the few instances of success occurred in countries that marched to their own drummers--and that are hardly poster children for neoliberalism .
some few cases of success have taken place in countries that have fallen according to their own bubbbbbbbles - and which can only be called models of neoliberalism .
some of the few cases of success have taken place in countries that have come according to their own bubbbles - and which can hardly be called the model of neoliberalism .

v německu kanclã <unk> ř zastã ¡ vã ¡ nejsilněj<unk> ¡ ã <unk> pozici mezi klã <unk> čovã <unk> mi politickã <unk> mi hrã ¡ či .
in germany , the chancellor holds the strongest position among the key political players .
in germany , the chancellor zaphilipppppphia , which is the strongest colours of the calla between klson , has been collected by the political philosophical vision .
in germany , chancellor lclczai was a phrase of the great strength of the strongest fledge of the strong negotiating position between the pklker &apos;s mandate for the political vision of the embassy of the embryos of a strong or proud .

jako ombudsman v kosovu , jehož jmenovala organizace spojených národů , mám v posledních pěti letech jedinečnou příležitost sledovat důsledky této doktríny po zásahu nato v bývalé jugoslávii v roce 1999 .
as the united nations-appointed ombudsperson in kosovo for the past five years , i have had the unique opportunity to observe the aftereffects of that doctrine following nato &apos;s intervention in the former yugoslavia in 1999 .
as a ombudsman in kosovo , appointed by the united nations , i have a unique opportunity to monitor the consequences of this doctrine following nato intervention in the former yugoslavia in 1999 .
as a ombudsman in kosovo , whose appointment of the united nations , i have a unique opportunity in the last five years to monitor the consequences of this doctrine after the intervention of nato in the former yugoslavia in 1999 .

navzdory občasnému reptání politiků nikdo vážně nepochybuje o nezávislosti evropské centrální banky ani o tom , že měnová politika eurozóny je díky ní dobře chráněná proti politickým tlakům .
despite occasional grumbles from politicians , no one seriously doubts the european central bank &apos;s independence , or that monetary policy within the euro zone is therefore well insulated from political pressures .
in spite of the sometimes ashamed questions of politicians , no one is serious about the independence of the european central bank or about the fact that the monetary policy of the euro area is well protected against political pressures .
in spite of the sometimes assassination of politicians , no one is serious about the independence of the european central bank , nor about the fact that the monetary policy of the euro area is well protected against political pressure .

část toho , co se stalo - či spíše nestalo - je hodná obdivu : neprojevily se téměř žádné snahy umlčet kritiku vlády , jak se děje v číně a mnoha jiných diktátorských zemích .
part of what happened--or , rather what didn &apos;t happen--is admirable : almost no effort was made to muzzle criticism of the government , as happens in china and scores of dictatorial countries .
part of what happened - or rather did not happen - is a coincidence : there have been almost no efforts to silence the government &apos;s criticism , as is happening in china and many other dictatorial countries .
part of what happened - or rather did not happen - is a worthy admiration : they did not show almost any efforts to criticise the government &apos;s criticism , as is happening in china and many other dictatorial countries .

strategie vodních investic , která sníží zranitelnost chudých a zajistí základní přístup k vodě pro všechny , bude vyžadovat na míru šité plánování a efektivní partnerství dárcovských zemí , vlád rozvojových států , soukromého sektoru a místních komunit .
a water investment policy that reduces the vulnerability of the poor and offers basic water security for all will require customized planning and an effective partnership of donor countries , developing country governments , the private sector , and local communities .
the water strategy strategy , which will reduce the vulnerability of poor and ensure basic access to water for all , will require a level of planning and effective partnership of donor countries , governments of developing countries , private sectors and local communities .
the water strategy , which will reduce the vulnerability of poor and ensure a basic approach to water for all , will require peace of planning and effective partnership of donors , governments of developing countries , the private sector and local communities .

v nedávné anketě , provedené s podporou světové banky mezi firmami se zájmem o uhlíkové peníze , jen jeden z pěti respondentů prohlásil , že má zájem o nákup snížení emisí na období po roce 2012 .
according to a recent world bank-supported survey of companies interested in carbon finance , only one in five respondents declared that they were interested in buying post-2012 emissions reductions .
in the recent annoise , carried out with the support of the world bank between companies with interest in carbon money , only one of the five correspondents said that it has an interest in purchasing a reduction in emissions for the period after 2012 .
in recent ankeymen , carried out with the support of the world bank between companies with interest in carbon money , only one of five correspondents said that it is interested in purchasing emissions for the period after 2012 .

vznik jakési zárodečné <unk> světové občanské společnosti <unk> zvyšuje poptávku po univerzálních a charismatických osobnostech , nabízí naději v globální zodpovědnost , ale současně obsahuje i populistické podtóny .
the emergence of an embryonic &quot; world civil society &quot; heightens demand for universal and charismatic figures , holding out the hope of global accountability , but also carrying populist overtones .
the emergence of a kind of provisional global civil society is increasing demand for universal and charitable individuals , offers hope for global responsibility , but at the same time it contains populistic autumn .
it offers hope in global responsibility , but at the same time it also contains a populist substitute for the world civil society .

mají-li politici možnost řídit inflaci rozhodujícím slovem v centrální bance , mohou svou moc využít k devalvaci břemena státního dluhu a vyhnout se nutnosti zvýšit kvůli jeho splácení daně .
when politicians can control inflation by exercising decisive sway over central banks , they can use their power to devalue the burden of public debt , avoiding the need for more taxation to pay it off .
if politicians are allowed to manage inflation with a decisive word in the central bank , they can use their power to devalue the burden and sovereign debt and avoid the need to increase their taxes .
if politicians have the opportunity to manage inflation in the central bank , they can use their power to devalue the burden of sovereign debt and avoid the need to increase the value of tax .

všechny tyto prvky lze potenciálně navrhovat tak , aby zlepšovaly a rozšiřovaly zásobování vodou pro účely výroby energie , zavlažování a použití v domácnostech i průmyslu a současně představovaly pojistku proti suchu i ochranu před záplavami .
these can all potentially be designed to improve and expand water supplies for power generation , irrigation , and household and industrial use , while providing security against droughts and protection from floods .
all these elements can potentially be proposed in order to improve and expand the supply of water for energy production purposes , trains and use of households and industry , while at the same time presenting a guarantee against drought and protection against flooding .
all these elements can be potentially proposed in order to improve and expand water supply for the purposes of energy production , trains and use in households and industry , while at the same time presenting certain certainty against drought and protection against flooding .

realizace takové strategie se bude zřejmě zemi od země lišit v závislosti na daných administrativních kapacitách , převažujícím režimu pobídek , pružnosti fiskálního systému , úrovni sofistikovanosti finančního sektoru a celkovém politickoekonomickém pozadí .
implementing such a strategy may differ from country to country , depending on administrative capacity , the prevailing incentive regime , the flexibility of the fiscal system , the degree of sophistication of the financial sector , and the underlying political economy .
the implementation of such a strategy will seem to be a country from a country to differ depending on administrative capacities , the dominance of the incentives , flexibility of the fiscal system , the level of sofification of the financial sector and the overall political background .
the implementation of such a strategy will seem to be a country from the country , depending on the administrative capacity , the dominant regime of incentives , the flexibility of the fiscal system , the level of softening the financial sector and the overall political economic background .

například když demografický trend nebo trvalé hospodářské potíže uvalí na zaměstnance nepřiměřenou sociální zátěž , měly by být automaticky upraveny také penzijní dávky - zvýsením věku pro odchod do důchodu nebo uzpůsobením výse penzí .
for example , when demographic trends or persistent economic hardships impose undue social-welfare burdens on working people , benefits to pensioners should be automatically modified by raising the retirement age and / or adjusting benefits .
for example , when demographic trend or permanent economic difficulties are imposed on employees with disproportionate social burdens , pension benefits should also be automatically regulated - the increase in retirement age or the intraction of pensions .
for example , when the demographic trend or permanent economic difficulties impose disproportionate social burdens on employees , pension benefits should also automatically be regulated - the increase in the age age age of retirement or the rise in pensions .

znovu zopakovali svou věrnost paktu stability a růstu , jenž od zemí eurozóny vyžaduje , aby zvysovaly daně a skrtaly výdaje , čímž ministři jestě zvýsili tlak , který strhává jejich ekonomiky do hlubin .
they reiterated their commitment to the stability and growth pact , which requires euro-zone countries to raise taxes and cut spending , putting even more downward pressure on their economies .
once again , they reiterated their atrocities in the stability and growth pact , which requires countries from the euro area to export taxes and hide expenditure , thereby increasing the pressure that the ministers spend on their economies in deeper .
once again , they have reiterated their atrocities of the stability and growth pact , which requires the countries of the euro area to evolve taxes and disbursement of expenditure , thereby increasing the pressure that the economies are building into deeper .

jejich uvažování se ubírá cestou myšlení doby před padesáti lety , kdy ekonomové došli k závěru , že jediné , co lze s deflací dělat , je vyhýbat se jí jako čert kříži .
their thoughts retrace the economic thinking of over fifty years ago , a time when economists concluded that the thing to do with deflation was to avoid it like the plague .
the thinking of their thinking is taking the way of thinking a period of 50 years ago , when economists came to the conclusion that the only thing that can be done is to avoid them as a black cross .
they are taking their thinking in the way of thinking between 50 years ago , when the economists concluded that the only thing that can be done is to avoid it as montenegro .

například subsaharská afrika má tisíce mladých válečníků <unk> jen v súdánu jich žije 100 000 <unk> , kteří doufají , že se jim v období míru podaří přeuspořádat své životy , avšak očividně potřebují kvalifikační kurzy , pracovní místa , ale i lékařskou a psychologickou podporu .
for example , sub-saharan africa has thousands of young combatants -- 100,000 in sudan alone -- who hope to reconstruct their lives in peacetime but clearly require skills training and jobs , as well as medical and psychological support .
for example , sub-saharan africa has thousands of young wars only in sudan with 100 000 people who hope that in a period of peace , they will manage to combine their lives , but obviously they need qualification courses , jobs , but also medical and psychological support .
for example , sub-saharan africa , for example , has thousands of young warrants in sudan , only 100 000 in sudan , who hope that they will be able to combine their lives in peace , but obviously they need qualification courses , jobs , but also medical and psychological support .

například michael tilson thomas v san francisku zkombinoval efektivní sponzorské aktivity s uměleckým vedením tak dovedně , že dostal sanfranciský symfonický orchestr mezi špičková americká tělesa .
michael tilson thomas in san francisco , for example , has combined effective fundraising and artistic leadership to propel the san francisco symphony to the top rank of us orchestras .
for example , michael tilson thomas , in san francisco , kashmir , has been able to innovate effective sponsor activities with an artistic leadership so skills that he received the francishan fund between the top american forestry .
for example , michael chael thomas thomas in san francisa , has made effective sponsor &apos;s effective spontaneous activities with artistic leadership , so that he has received a francision of the francis fund between the university of america and forest .

<unk> ústup státu <unk> ve velké části rozvojového světa s sebou v posledních desetiletích přinesl omezení úlohy vlády , včetně schopnosti směřovat a udržovat rozvoj , a úbytek jejích progresivních sociálních intervencí v oblastech , jako je veřejné školství , zdravotnictví , bydlení a služby .
the &quot; retreat of the state &quot; in much of the developing world in recent decades has involved a generally reduced role for government , including the capacity to lead and sustain development , as well as its progressive social interventions in areas such as public education , health , housing , and utilities .
in recent decades , the loss of a state of interest in a large part of the developing world has brought down the roles of the government &apos;s role in recent decades , including the ability to maintain and maintain development , and the loss of its progressive social intervention in areas such as public education , health , housing and services .
in the last decade , the role of governments , including the capability to maintain and maintain development , and the decline in its progressive social intervention in areas such as public education , health , housing , housing and services , has resulted in a large part of the developing world .

z jednoho pohledu je dobře , že mají ministři financí zemí eu plno elánu držet v dlouhodobém výhledu své státní dluhy na nízké úrovni : je to znamení , že nebudou bezstarostně odhozena vítězství nad inflací , vybojovaná v 70. letech .
from one perspective , it is good that the euro zone &apos;s finance ministers are eager to keep their national debts low in the long term : it is a sign that the victories over inflation won in the 1970 &apos;s will not be casually thrown away .
from one point of view , it is good that the eu finance ministers have full money in the long term of their sovereign debt at a low level : it is a sign that they will not be remote the victory over inflation , fought in 70s .
from one point of view , it is a good thing that the eu finance ministers have a meeting in the long term of their state debt at a low level : it is a sign that they will not be discouraged by a vicious victory over inflation , fought in the 1970s .

měsíce , než budou bankovky a mince eura uvedeny do běžného oběhu , přinesou jen další obavy , jež budou neustále tlačit euro zpět ; -trvání na tom , aby byl v čele evropské centrální banky udržen wim duisenberg .
the months until euro notes and coins are introduced will produce even more scare stories , which are bound to hold the euro back . - an insistence on keeping wim duisenberg as head of the european central bank .
the banks and mines of the euro will be put into the ordinary sacrifice , only another concern that will constantly be pushed back to the euro ; the insistence on being the head of the european central bank to maintain duty-berg duty-berg .
there are only other concerns that will continuously be pushed back to the euro for the euro , which will keep the euro back ; i insist that the european central bank should be maintained before the bank and the coast of the euro and the coast berg coast .

kdyby se celostã ¡ tnã <unk> volby konaly řekněme minulou neděli , tedy 8 . ãºnora , středopravã ¡ koalice slo<unk> <unk> enã ¡ z křesťanskã <unk> ch demokratů a liberã ¡ lů by podle jednã <unk> z hlavnã <unk> ch německã <unk> ch institucã <unk> pro vã <unk> zkum veřejnã <unk> ho mã <unk> něnã <unk> â <unk> <unk> infratest dimap &quot; zã <unk> skala 57 procent hlasů .
if national elections had , say , been held last sunday , february 8 , a centre-right coalition consisting of the christian democrats and the liberals would have won 57 % of the vote , according to &quot; infratest dimap , &quot; one of germany &apos;s main polling institutes .
let us say , last sunday , 8 , the preliminary marriage of the czechs , the preliminary marriage , the square , the commission &apos;s philosophy of the philosophy of the philosophical test of the &apos; coloud &apos; vote , would be decided to vote on the head of the german institute for the phivm pphilippppppphia , the rapporteur , and the phobianoanng , the philov empire &apos;s philosophia empire &apos;s &apos; vote , which has been voted on the basis for a cold vote of a cold vote of cold radio &apos;t vote .
let us say last sunday , namely , the massacre of 8 , the massacre of the massacre , the massacre , the massacre , the centre of the centendoctrine &apos;s slogan , the pione-size-fly of the embassies of christians from the christian democrat and the liberals , according to the act of the act of the head of the head of the german authority for the doctrinator , the teams &amp; d &apos;sale of the embassy of the embassy of the embassies of the embassy of the embassy of the emaked part of the embassy , and liberal democrat liberals and liberal democrats , would have been part of a forty of the fabkhated by the act of the act of the act of the fabkharosentity of the european parliament .

vzhledem k tomu , že u starších lidí , z nichž mnozí trpí artritickými bolestmi vyžadujícími léčbu analgetiky , existuje vysoké riziko náhlé srdeční slabosti , trvalo šest let , než byla uznána spojitost mezi inhibitory cox-2 a dvoj- až trojnásobným zvýšením rizika vzniku náhlé srdeční slabosti .
because the risk of heart attacks is high in older people , many of whom have arthritic pain requiring treatment with painkillers , it took six years to link cox-2 inhibitors to a two- to three-fold increase in the risk of heart attacks .
the fact that many of the triumphes are suffering from a high risk of gravity , there is a risk of a warm weakness , six years after the recognition of the canadian and recognition of the coast - as many older people suffer from the trials of triumphazes , the risk of a sudden weakness of diet , the six years of alignant weakness , for six years before the recognition of the seasonal inrecognition of the cancells between coitors and coercians - the rise to the double risk - the increase in deficiencies - of the defaults - of the amates of the acidities of the tright of the tright of the default of the afault of the amates - of the aunits .
in view of the fact that many of the triumpteenth people suffer from the triumph treatment of getist getis , there is a risk of a huge risk of a warm squander , six years ago , to the recognition of coin coast - and the number of two of the elderly , who suffer from the triumph bologna &apos;s trials , there is a risk of a huge risk of congestion , a high risk of diligence , a permanent recognition of comitology between coin coatic slaughter and comitology - and shortage .

neschopnost rozhodného postupu v otázce konečného statusu kosova však situaci na balkáně ještě zhorší , protože zablokuje směřování srbska k západu i jeho konečný cíl v podobě členství v eu , vystaví etnické menšiny v kosovu napospas nebezpečné nejednoznačnosti a ohrozí křehké státy , jako jsou bosna a makedonie .
but failure to proceed definitively now on kosovo &apos;s final status will produce a worse balkan situation , one that blocks serbia &apos;s move toward the west and ultimate membership in the eu , condemns kosovo &apos;s ethnic minorities to dangerous ambiguity , and imperils fragile states like bosnia and macedonia .
however , it will exacerbate the situation in the balkans , because it will exacerbate serbia &apos;s ultimate objective in the form of membership of kosovo , the ultimate danger of the undecisive procedure in the final status of kosovo is exacerbated , because the blocking of serbia to the west of serbia , as well as the ultimate goal of membership of the eu , will threaten its membership in the form of kosovo , will threaten the undangerous danger of undangerous minorities in the form of kosovo , as a dangerous danger of the danger of a dangerous nature of the hazzzzzzzas of the eu , as a hazas a hazard and dangerous nature of the eu membership of kosovo , as a hazas a hazas well as a member .
however , the failure to take a decisive procedure on the final status of kosovo in the balkans , but it is exacerbated by serbia in the final situation , because serbia &apos;s direction is exacerbated by serbia &apos;s ultimate objective in the end of the eu membership , is threatening to threaten a clear and unsafe disability of macedonia , as it is threatening to block serbia in the end of the eu , and its final objective in kosovo .

v roce 1909 se vrátil do británie , aby pracoval na univerzitě v leedsu a pokračoval ve svém zkoumání podstaty paprsků x . roku 1923 se stal ředitelem královské společnosti v londýně , kam přilákal několik vynikajících mladých vědců zajímajících se o oblast paprsků x . mezi nimi byli i dva čerství absolventi cambridgeské univerzity , william astbury a john desmond bernal , kteří se začali zabývat problematikou stavby bílkovin - astbury poté , co jej bragg požádal , aby pořídil rentgenové snímky vlny a hedvábí .
he became director of the royal institution in london in 1923 , where he attracted some outstanding young scientists interested in the x-ray field . among them were two recent cambridge graduates , william astbury and john desmond bernal , who became interested in the problem of protein structure--astbury as a result of being asked by bragg to provide x-ray diagrams of wool and silk .
in 1909 , he returned to britain to work on the university in the edf and continued in his examination of the substance of paprinting , 1923 , the capital of the kingdom of london in london , where a number of excellent young scientists with interest in the paris area of windozens , between the two abduction of cambridges and cambridge , williaki , william butti , alouran mists and monti , were asked to deal with the butchs , who started to look at the pockade of the berg , after all the winner of the windog , have asked for the winner .
in 1909 , the uk has returned to britain to work in the university in leedededededa and continued to examine the essence of pabuses , 1923 , the director of the uk in london , where several excellent young scientists were attracted on the printing area of printing between them , and two boards of cambodia , bundec wilderness , buche and berg , who were asked to ask him to deal with the bund box , and

