rozhodně ne slepou vírou v technologie .
not blind faith in technology .
certainly not blind in technology .
certainly not a blind eye to technology .

jsou francouzští politici chytřejší ?
are french policymakers smarter ?
are french politicians going to be more cautious ?
are french politicians faithful ?

je tedy boom u konce ?
has the boom ended ?
so is god boom ?
so is it bold to the end ?

to však není fér .
but that is unfair .
however , this is not fair .
however , this is not fair .

ale co čína ?
but what about china ?
but what is china ?
but what about china ?

i tento domnělý úspěch byl ale morálně nejednoznačný .
but even this seeming success was morally ambiguous .
however , this faulty success was morally ambiguous .
however , this indigenous success has been morally unambiguous .

kosovo se totiž stalo petriho miskou mezinárodní intervence .
indeed , kosovo has become a petri dish for international intervention .
kosovo has , in fact , become a petrol of international intervention .
in fact , kosovo has become a petrol mission of international intervention .

když se sníží soukromé příjmy , sníží se i příjmy veřejné .
when private incomes fall , so do public revenues .
when private income is reduced , public revenue will also be reduced .
when private revenue is reduced , public incomes will also be reduced .

pro kosovo neexistuje žádné jiné realistické řešení než nezávislost .
no realistic solution exists for kosovo but independence .
there is no other realistic solution for kosovo than independence .
there is no other realistic solution for kosovo than independence .

je indie připravena na úplnou směnitelnost ?
is india ready for full convertibility ?
is india prepared for complete rigour ?
is india prepared for full rigour ?

jejich prioritou je financování bezprostředních problémů a požitků přislíbených dnes .
their priority is paying for immediate problems , and for today &apos;s promised benefits .
their priority is the financing of immediate problems and the benefits promised today .
their priority is the financing of immediate problems and the benefits promised today .

v británii a ve spojených státech tato monetaristická sázka vyšla .
in britain and the united states , this monetarist bet turned out well .
in britain and in the united states , this monetary art has risen .
in britain and in the united states , this monetary arrogance has increased .

stejně tak se nesnažíme hodnotit , zda existovaly efektivnější způsoby vedení války .
nor do we attempt to assess whether there were more cost-effective ways of waging the war .
just as we are not trying to assess whether there were more effective means of conducting war .
similarly , we do not look at whether there were more effective ways of managing war .

neméně bezútěšné příklady představují etiopie a jemen .
ethiopia and yemen are equally stark examples .
less infertile examples are ethiopia and yemen .
less uncomfortable examples represent ethiopia and yemen .

myšlenku , že technologie mohou znamenat spásu , lze zavrhnout snadno .
it is easy to dismiss the suggestion that technology can save the day .
the idea that technology can be committed can be completed easily .
the idea that technology can mean committed can be completed easily .

zdá se však , že podobné úvahy jdou nad rámec kalkulací bushovy administrativy .
but such considerations appear to be beyond the bush administration &apos;s reckoning .
however , it seems that similar considerations go beyond the scope of the bush administration .
however , it seems that similar considerations go beyond the calm of the bush administration .

čím si tedy vysvětlit onu záhadnou absenci skutečného růstu v uplynulých 25 letech ?
what , then , accounts for the puzzling lack of real growth over the past 25 years ?
therefore , what is it to explain to the profoundly absence of real growth in the last 25 years ?
so what can i explain to the habit of real growth in the last 25 years ?

získal také první rentgenové snímky částečně orientovaných vzorků dna .
he also obtained the first x-ray patterns of partially oriented samples of dna .
the first rgenic images have also received partially oriented patrols .
it has also received the first rgenic reduction of partisans partly oriented temperatures .

řada mladých lidí je však na střední školu špatně připravena a míst je poskrovnu .
yet many young people are ill prepared for secondary school , and places are scarce .
however , a number of young people are poorly prepared on the school , and there is a scandal .
however , many young people are poorly prepared in central school , and there is a comparisons .

má-li země překonat problémy a pokračovat v růstu , bude muset zpružnit svůj trh práce .
in order for the country to meet the challenges and to continue to grow , it would have to make its labor markets flexible .
if countries are to overcome problems and continue growth , they will have to flexibility their labour market .
if the country is to overcome problems and continue growth , it will have to flexible its labour market .

má-li publikum pokrokový vkus , pak jsou soukromé peníze a neotřelý program naprosto slučitelné .
if the audience has progressive tastes , private money and innovative programming are entirely compatible .
in order to publish a progressive venture , private money and an unprecedented programme are completely compatible .
if the publication of a progressive piece , then private money and an unshameful programme are absolutely compatible .

právě proto by se diskuse o reformě rady bezpečnosti neměly zaměřovat na změnu jejího složení , nýbrž jejího poslání .
this is why debates about reforming the security council should focus not on changing its composition , but on its mission .
that is why the debate on the reform of the security council should not focus on changing its composition , but on its mission .
that is why the debate on the reform of the security council should not focus on changing its composition , but its mission .

jako ombudsman jsem se například stavěl proti omezení práva rusů na soudy před porotou .
for example , as ombudsman , i was opposed to curtailing the right of russians to jury trials .
as a ombudsman , for example , i opposed the restriction of the rights of the russians against the courts before the roma .
for example , as a ombudsman , i was opposed to the restriction of the law of russians against the courts .

existují ovšem obavy , které znepokojují , nejsou-li přímo zásadním jablkem sváru .
but there are concerns that , if not fundamentally divisive , are worrying .
however , there are concerns which are concerned if the most important spring of the heat of the heat .
however , there are fears that are concerned if the cornerstones are directly relevant .

dalším úkolem je pomáhat zemím , jež propadly násilí , aby dokázaly začít pomalý proces obnovy .
another is to assist countries that have collapsed into violence to begin the slow process of recovery .
another task is to help countries that have fallen into violence in order to start a slow recovery process .
another task is to help countries that have seen violence in order to start a small recovery process .

ovšemže , svět se na některých frontách dočkal v posledních desetiletích jistého pokroku .
to be sure , the world has seen progress on some fronts in recent decades .
sheep that the world has witnessed some fronts in recent decades of progress .
indeed , the world has seen some fronts on some fronts in recent decades of progress .

vše ostatní bude pravděpodobně stejně stabilní jako žebříček deseti nejpopulárnějších hitů tohoto týdne .
anything else is likely to be about as stable as this week &apos;s top ten pop songs .
everything else will probably be as stable as the 10 most popular hitting of this week .
everything else will probably be as stable as the flagship of ten of the most popular hurts of this week .

nákaza uvnitř i napříč trhy pak může působit směrem dolů a tlačit ceny níže po dobu několika let .
then , contagion within and across markets can work in a downward direction , propelling prices lower for years .
there can then be progress within both the markets and across the markets and pushing prices for a few years .
then , within and across the markets , the markets can move in the direction and push prices for a few years .

můj úřad v těsné spolupráci se státem zajistil , že se ve většině případů poroty i nadále využívají .
my office worked closely with the state to assure that , in most cases , juries are used .
my office , in close cooperation , has ensured that , in most cases , it continues to be used .
my office in close cooperation has ensured that , in most cases , the roles continue to be used .

ve třicátých letech bylo trnem v oku některých středoevropských zemí versailleské uspořádání .
in the 1930s , the pet hate of some central european countries was &quot; the versailles order . &quot;
in the 1930s , the wind in the eyes of some of the central european countries was the versaille arrangement .
in three years &apos; time , it was in the eyes of some central european countries of versailov .

chcete vědět , který videoklip brzy nažene hrůzu zákonodárcům po celém světě ?
do you want to know which video clip will soon be scaring the daylights out of policymakers throughout the world ?
do you want to know which video climate will soon be named by the various legislators throughout the world ?
do you want to know which videop vicinop will soon be widened by the various legislators throughout the world ?

v jiné zemi jsem hovořil s vůdcem islámské fundamentalistické opozice , která vedla dlouhotrvající občanskou válku proti vládě .
in one country , i spoke with a leader of the islamic fundamentalist opposition , which had waged a long civil war against the government .
in another country , i spoke with the leader of the islamic fundamentalist opposition , which led a long-lasting civil war against the government .
in another country , i spoke with the leader of the islamic fundamentalist opposition , which led a long-lasting civil war against the government .

místo toho slibují občanům určitou životní úroveň ( včetně hodnoty lékařských služeb ) , která je očistěna o inflaci .
instead , they are promises of a certain standard of living ( including the value of medical services ) , corrected for inflation .
instead , they promise citizens a standard of living ( including the value of medical services ) , which is owing to inflation .
instead , they promise citizens a certain standard of living ( including the values of medical services ) , which is clean inflation .

abychom toho byli schopni , mezi našimi deklarovanými principy a naším skutečným jednáním nesmí zet příliš hluboká propast .
to do so , there cannot be too wide a gap between our stated principles and our actual behavior .
in order to be able to achieve this , there must not be too profound a gap between our misleading principles and our real negotiations .
in order to be able to be able to do so , between our deliberate principles and our real negotiations , it must not become too profound .

vlády musí rozšířit příležitosti pro mladé lidi tím , že zlepší kvalitu zdravotnických a vzdělávacích služeb a současně i přístup k nim .
governments must broaden opportunities for young people by improving access to , and the quality of , health and educational services .
governments must expand opportunities for young people by improving the quality of health and educational services and , at the same time , access to them .
governments must extend opportunities to young people by improving the quality of health and education services , while also accessing them .

náprava problému vyžaduje úplnou spolupráci lékařů , avšak k tomu je třeba zbavit je strachu ze soudních sporů .
fixing the problem requires full cooperation from clinicians , but this requires ending their fear of litigation .
redress and the problem requires full cooperation between doctors , but we need to get rid of the fear of judicial disputes .
the correction of the problem requires full cooperation between doctors , but we need to get rid of this from judicial disputes .

rozvojové problémy v africe představují jen jeden z příkladů , jak lze palčivá celospolečenská témata řešit vývojem a rozšířením zdokonalených technologií .
the development challenges in africa are just one example of how tough societal problems can be addressed by the design and spread of improved technologies .
development problems in africa represent only one example of how lifelong social issues can be dealt with by developing and enlarged technologies .
development problems in africa represent only one example of how we can deal with the challenges of development and the expansion of improved technologies .

tato referenda částečně odrážela nespokojenost s domácí politikou a částečně zklamání ze způsobu , jakým vlády přistupují k evropským záležitostem .
those votes partly reflected displeasure with domestic policies , and partly disappointment with the way governments conduct european affairs .
this referendum partly reflects the dissatisfaction of domestic policy and partly disappointment of the way in which governments approach european issues .
this referendum has partly reflected dissatisfaction with domestic policy and partly disappointing the way in which governments are taking european matters .

a jak dále s ecb , která po 30 měsících vyčkávání jen poposunula úrokové sazby o 0,25 % výše ?
and what next for the ecb , which has just nudged up interest rates by 0.25 % , after 30 months on hold .
and how do the ecb , which , after 30 months of extinction , have only moved 0.25 % of interest rates by interest rates ?
how , and how , with the ecb , which , after 30 months , has only moved the interest rate rate rates by 0.25 % ?

například dumě trvá neúměrně dlouho přijetí zákona o lobbování , který ve většině rozvinutých demokracií zřetelně definuje přijatelné a nepřijatelné chování .
for example , the duma has taken far too long to enact a law on lobbying , which in most developed democracies clearly defines what constitutes acceptable and unacceptable behavior .
for example , the spirit of the danube is insisting that the law on lobbying , which clearly defines acceptable and unacceptable behaviour in the majority of developed democracies .
for example , i am insistently insisting on the excessive adoption of the lobbying law , which clearly defines acceptable and unacceptable behaviour in most developed democracies .

deflace - ustavičný pokles cen - byla pro firmy a spotřebitele silnou pobídkou k omezování výdajů a ke spoření peněz .
deflation --a steady ongoing decline in prices-- gave businesses and consumers powerful incentives to cut spending and hoard cash .
it was a strong incentive for companies and consumers to reduce expenditure and to combine money .
it was a strong incentive for companies and consumers to reduce expenditure and to save money .

mzdové náklady v deseti zemích , které v roce 2004 vstoupily do eu , činí v průměru pouhých 14 % západoněmecké úrovně .
on average , wage costs in the ten countries that joined the eu in 2004 are only 14 % of the west german level .
the wage costs in ten countries that joined the eu in 2004 make the average of only 14 % of the west methane .
the wage costs in ten countries that joined the eu in 2004 make only 14 % of the west meltdown .

v tuto chvíli by zvýšení o 50 bazických bodů mohlo ecb na dosažení výsledku stačit <unk> a pak by se zřejmě sazby daly ponechat v klidu .
for the ecb , an increase of 50 basis points could do the job at this point -- after which rates could probably be put on hold for some time .
at this moment , an increase in 50 basque points could be achieved by the ecb to reach a result , and then the rates would probably be left in the people .
at the moment , an increase in 50 bahrain points of the ecb would have been able to come to a result , and then the rates would perhaps be left to the people .

je dnes běžným postupem , že mezinárodní organizace publikují zprávu , která má dávat prostor všem , , akcionářům &quot; a odrážet jejich názory .
it is now standard practice for international organizations publishing a report to involve all the &quot; stakeholders &quot; and to reflect their opinions .
today , it is a normal procedure that international organisations publish a report that has scope for everyone , shareholders &apos; , and reflect their views .
today , it is a normal procedure that international organisations publish a report that has room for all , shareholders &apos; and reflect their views .

solidarita , ve smyslu jednoty plynoucí ze společných zájmů , také zřetelně existuje jak uvnitř původní evropské patnáctky , tak uvnitř rozšířené unie .
solidarity , in the sense of unity resulting from common interests , also clearly exists within both the original eu-15 and the enlarged union .
solidarity , in terms of unity arising from common interests , also clearly exists both within the original european patent and within the enlarged union .
solidarity , in the sense of unity arising from common interests , also clearly exists both within the original european patent and within the enlarged union .

lidé svobodně vyjádřili své mínění - v tisku , televizi , internetových diskusích - ohledně georgem bushem plánované války proti iráku .
people expressed their opinion freely--in newspapers , on television , in internet chat rooms--concerning george bush &apos;s planned war on iraq .
people freely expressed their opinion - in the press , television , internet discussions - on george bush &apos;s planned war against iraq .
people have freely expressed their opinion - in the press , television , television , internet discussions - on the george bush of the planned war against iraq .

vytrvalá opozice institucí eu však vedla většinu kandidátských zemí k tomu , že opustily ideu jednostranného nebo co nejrychlejšího zavedení eura po vstupu do unie .
but continuing opposition by eu institutions has led most candidate countries to abandon the idea of adopting the euro unilaterally or as quickly as possible after entering the union .
however , the permanent opposition of the eu institutions led most candidate countries to leave the ideal of a unilateral or as quickly as possible the introduction of the euro following accession to the union .
however , the permanent opposition of the eu institutions led the majority of candidate countries to leave the ideal of unilateral or as quickly as possible the introduction of the euro after the accession to the union .

britský premiér tony blair tehdy uhranul svět evropské politiky , když v evropském parlamentu prohlásil , že je <unk> vášnivým proevropanem <unk> .
tony blair , british prime minister , electrified the world of european politics by telling the european parliament that he was a &quot; passionate pro-european &quot; .
the british prime minister tony blair at the time of the world of european policy , when he said in the european parliament , that it is a holiday profile for europe .
the british prime minister , tony blair blair , at that time , was the world of european policy when he said in the european parliament that it is a hesitant pro-european .

pouta , jež nás váží dohromady , sice čtyřicet let rozdírala sovětská nadvláda , to však evropský charakter těchto států nijak zásadně nezměnilo .
the ties that bind us together were frayed by forty years of soviet domination , but this did not fundamentally change these states &apos; european character .
the utopia that passes us together for four years was the difference of the soviet multinationals , but this did not fundamentally change the european nature of these states .
however , the oppressive that brings us together , namely the 40 years of the soviet domination , has not changed the european character of these states , but this has completely changed the european nature of these states .

to způsobí nejen očividné těžkosti , ale zároveň to zbrzdí hospodářský růst , který miliony lidí potřebují k tomu , aby vybředly z chudoby .
this will cause obvious hardship , but it will also hold back the economic growth needed for millions of people to escape poverty .
this will cause not only obvious difficulties , but also hinder economic growth that millions of people need to emerge from poverty .
this will cause not only obvious difficulties , but will also hinder economic growth , which millions of people need to escape from poverty .

nová vláda , kterou voliči s největší pravděpodobností zvolí v září , bude stát před obtížným úkolem předestřít němcům realitu a prosadit nezbytné reformy .
the new government that voters will most likely elect in september will be confronted with the difficult task of confronting germans with reality and pushing through the necessary reforms .
the new government , with the greatest likelihood of election in september , will be a difficult task to put forward to estimate the realities and to promote the necessary reforms .
the new government , which the voters , with the greatest likelihood of election in september , will become a difficult task ahead of the estimate of the reality and to promote the necessary reforms .

došlo k tomu poté , co asad loni v září rozhodl o neústavním prodloužení mandátu libanonského prezidenta emila lahúda , navzdory francouzským a americkým výstrahám .
this came after assad last september imposed an unconstitutional extension of lebanese president emile lahoud &apos;s mandate , despite french and american warnings .
this happened after , last september , the failure to extend the mandate of the lebanese president embraced lahabric , despite the french and american fear .
this was the case after the assassination last september decided to extend the mandate of the lebanon president emanas , despite the french and american intimidation .

v nížině , která se táhne od bavorska až k dunaji , místo ní nastupuje nová , ošklivá forma nacionálního populismu .
in its place , an ugly new form of national populism is emerging across the plain that extends between bavaria and the danube .
it is a new , oppressive form of nationalist populism , which has taught from bavaria to the danube .
there is a new , petty form of nationalism from bavaria from bavaria to the danube instead of a new , petty form of nationalism .

kaliforňané pochopitelně nebudou zbaveni občanských svobod , ale existuje riziko , že jejich vzpurnost s sebou přinese vrtošivou a nezodpovědnou formu státní politiky .
californians , of course , won &apos;t be disenfranchised , but their willfulness threatens to yield a wayward and irresponsible form of state politics .
of course , the california will not be deprived of civil liberties , but there is a risk that their prerogatives will bring a surface and irresponsible form of state policy .
of course , california will not be deprived of civil liberties , but there is a risk that their hesitation will bring a straightforward and irresponsible form of state policy .

vždy , když se hans blix vyjádřil k iráckým inspekcím osn , které řídil , členové bushovy administrativy parafrázovali blixova slova .
every time hans blix commented on the un inspections of iraq that he was conducting , members of the bush administration would paraphrase what blix said .
always when hirx expressed the iraqi inspections of the united nations , which was governed by members of the bush administration , paris paraphrased the mobility words .
always , when homework on the iraqi inspection of the united nations , which was governed by the bush administration , the members of the bush administration have made the spring lax words .

chybějící silná opozice vsak politickou pravici demoralizovala a ta se roztřístila do četných seskupení , která nedokáží nalézt společný jazyk .
however , lack of a strong opposition corrupted the political right , which splintered into various groupings that cannot find a common language .
the lack of a strong opposition to the political rightful rightful right , and this has spread into numerous sections , which will not find a common language .
the lack of a strong opposition to the sahrawi political right has demolied , and this has spread into numerous sections , which cannot find a common language .

již dnes dokážou <unk> hybridní <unk> automobily , které kombinují benzinový a bateriový pohon , přibližně zdvojnásobit efektivitu využívání paliva a snížit emise oxidu uhličitého o polovinu .
already , &quot; hybrid &quot; automobiles , which combine gasoline and battery power , can roughly double fuel efficiency , cutting carbon dioxide emissions by half .
today , the hybrid cars that combine petrol and battery batteries are already able to double the efficiency of fuel use and reduce carbon dioxide emissions by half .
today , you can already see the embryos of swept cars , combining the efficiency of fuel use and reducing carbon dioxide emissions by half .

ježci jsou myslitelé , kteří milují převratné nápady a velkolepé teorie : libertarianismus , marxismus , environmentalismus atd .
hedgehogs are big-idea thinkers in love with grand theories : libertarianism , marxism , environmentalism , etc .
jews are the thinks of those who love heated ideas and colonies of blind theirs : liberal militarism , marxism , mentalism , and so on .
jews are the leaders of people who love the dominated ideas and the impasse theory : liberals of anism , marxism , mentalism , etc .

tato politika izrael hluboce rozdělila : osadníci <unk> většinou , i když ne bez výjimky nábožensky založení <unk> mají pocit , že je šaron jakožto <unk> otec osad <unk> zradil .
this policy has deeply divided israel : the settlers -- mostly , but not exclusively religious -- feel betrayed by sharon , &quot; the father of the settlements . &quot;
this policy of israel has profoundly divided : eight azores , even if not without an opt-out , they feel that it is arrogant as a father of copyright .
this policy has been deeply divided by israel : the eight directors of the majority , even if not without the opt-out of religion , they feel that it is arrogance as a father of the assassination .

v zájmu zmírnění bolestných dopadů pro srbsko se rada bezpečnosti musí vystříhat přiznání nezávislosti způsobem , který by byl natolik pokřivený , že by nový stát nemohl efektivně fungovat .
in the interest of reducing the blow to serbia , the security council must avoid granting independence in ways that are so contorted that the new state cannot effectively function .
in order to mitigate the painful effects of serbia , the security council must step up its independence in a way that would be so distorted that the new state could not work effectively .
in order to alleviate the painful effects for serbia , the security council must root independence in a way that would be so shameful that the new state could not function effectively .

dnes se ale musíme odpoutat od fascinace a vděčnosti a uvědomit si , že úsilí o evropskou integraci zůstává nadále v nejvlastnějším zájmu usa , jež ji podporují už 50 let .
but today we must move away from fascination and gratitude and realize that the pursuit of european integration remains in the best interest of the us , which has supported it for 50 years .
however , today , we need to refrain from fascinity and gratitude and realise that the efforts of european integration remain in the greatest interests of the us , which have been supporting it for 50 years .
however , today , we need to answer from fashion and gratitude and realise that the efforts of european integration continue to be in the most owned interest of the us , which has been supporting it for 50 years .

ve všech rozvojových zemích vlády naléhavě potřebují vymyslet správnou kombinaci investic a politických přístupů , aby zajistily , že mladí lidé získají vzdělání , najdou práci , zůstanou zdraví , založí rodinu a stanou se angažovanými občany .
throughout the developing world , governments urgently need to devise the right mix of investments and policies to encourage their young people to get an education , find work , stay healthy , form families , and exercise citizenship .
in all developing countries , governments urgently need to think about the right combination of investment and political approaches in order to ensure that young people receive education , find work , remain health , based on the family and become involved .
in all developing countries , governments urgently need to think the right combination of investment and political approaches in order to ensure that young people receive education , find work , remain health , based on family and become involved citizens .

výsledkem byl systém pevných , ale upravitelných měnových kurzů z brettonwoodské konference , který se časem proměnil v systém pohyblivých kurzů z osmdesátých let .
the result was the fixed-but-adjustable exchange rate system of bretton woods , which over time mutated into the floating-rate system of the 1980s .
the result has been a solid system , but the right-wing currency exchange rate from the bretton wood conference , which has changed in time in the mobility exchange rate system of 18 years .
the result was the system of solid , but the right currency exchange rates from the bretton woods conference , which has changed in time in the system of mobility rates from eighty years .

více než 80 % dětí dnes chodí na základní školu , což je zvýšení z 50 % v roce 1970 , a dětská úmrtnost klesla za stejné období o více než 10 % na 6,5 % .
more than 80 % of children now attend primary school , up from 50 % in 1970 , and infant mortality has fallen from more than 10 % to 6.5 % over the same period .
more than 80 % of children are going to school at a basic school today , which is increasing from 50 % in 1970 , and child mortality has fallen by over 10 % to 6.5 % in the same period .
more than 80 % of children are coming to basic school today , which is an increase of 50 % in 1970 , and child mortality has fallen over 10 % to 6.5 % in the same period .

vlády mnoha zemí se zpočátku stavěly ke stahování skepticky , ale uvědomily si , že <unk> jak praví washingtonské rčení <unk> <unk> tohle je jediná hra ve městě <unk> .
many governments were initially <<unk>> tical about disengagement , but realized that -- as the washington saying goes -- &quot; this is the only game in town . &quot;
the governments of many countries were at the beginning of the censorship of scepticism , but they realised that , as the washington rton rental rhetoric knows , this is the only mission of the city .
the governments of many countries have started at the beginning to build scepticism , but they have realised that they would be the case in the court of washington , as the court of washington knows , this is the only scrap in the town .

to vyžaduje větší finanční zajištění , které by mělo pocházet od hlavních příjemců tržeb z prodeje léčiv , tedy od farmaceutického průmyslu , tak jako letovou bezpečnost financují aerolinie .
this requires more funding , which should come from the main beneficiary of drug sales -- the pharmaceutical industry -- just as oversight of aviation safety is funded by the airlines .
this requires greater financial security , which should come from the main recipients of market sales products , i.e. from the pharmaceutical industry , as well as the flight safety of airlines .
this requires greater financial security , which should come from the main beneficiaries of the sale of medicines , that is , from the pharmaceutical industry , as well as the airline safety of airlines .

rozhodnutí severní koreje vyhostit ze země inspektory osn pro atomovou energii je jedním z mnoha důvodů , proč bychom dva týdny starou volbu ro mu-hjona novým jihokorejským prezidentem měli vnímat jako historický milník .
north korea &apos;s decision to expel un atomic energy inspectors is but another reason to view roh moo hyun &apos;s election as south korea &apos;s president two weeks ago as an historical watershed .
the north korea decision is to expel the united nations inspectors &apos; inspectors for atomic energy is one of the many reasons why , two weeks , we would have been seen as an historic milestone for the elections of mum-jon in south korean president .
the decision of north korea is to expel from the united nations inspector for atomic energy is one of the many reasons why we would have a new south korean president to be seen as a historical milestone for two weeks .

navzdory četným ujištěním orgánů osn , že kosovo je na cestě k usmíření a skutečné samosprávě , představitelé nato naznačují , že existují plány , jak v této provincii zachovat dlouhodobou vojenskou přítomnost za účelem <unk> zajištění úspěšného dokončení politického procesu <unk> .
despite the frequent assurances of un authorities that kosovo is on a path toward reconciliation and true home rule , nato officials indicate that there are plans to maintain a long-term military presence in the province in order to &quot; guarantee that the political process will be concluded successfully . &quot;
despite the numerous assurances of the un authorities that kosovo is on the road to reconciliation and real governance , nato leaders indicate that there are plans to maintain a long-term military presence in this province to ensure a successful conclusion of the political process .
despite the numerous assurances of the un institutions , that kosovo is on the road to reconciliation and real governance , nato leaders indicate that there are plans to maintain long-term military presence in this province in order to ensure the successful completion of the political process .

zlepšená akvakultura , v jejímž rámci jsou ryby chovány v umělých sádkách a nádržích , má ještě stále k dokonalosti daleko <unk> především z ekologických důvodů <unk> , ale přesto jde o nesmírně slibnou technologii .
improved aquaculture , in which fish are grown at manmade fishponds and reservoirs is still far from being a perfect technology , mainly for environmental reasons , yet it is enormously promising .
the improved aquaculture of aquaculture , in which artists are caught in artists and maintenance , is still far from being completed , above all , for environmental reasons , but it is still extremely promising technology .
improved aquaculture culture , in which fish are hidden in artificial camps and maintenance , is still far from being completed , above all , for environmental reasons , but it is nevertheless a very promising technology .

nahrazení guvernéra , kterého si znovu zvolili teprve před rokem , arnoldem schwarzeneggerem , muselo být pro kalifornské voliče obrovským - byť trestuhodným - potěšením .
replacing a governor whom they re-elected only a year before with arnold schwarzenegger must have given californian voters an enormous--if guilty--pleasure .
the replacement of the governor , which was only chosen before a year ago , arnolone schwarded egg , had to be a great deal for the califort electorate - albeit cold - was a pleasure .
once again , the replacement of the governor of a governor who has chosen once again only a year ago , arnos schwarzenegg , had to be a great deal for califorth - even cod - a shameful one .

pravda je taková , že tvůrci hospodářských politik žonglují se shluky potenciálních katastrof : odmršťují tu , která se zdá nejnebezpečnější , a vytvářejí prostor pro tu , která je zdánlivě vzdálenější .
the truth is that economic policymakers are juggling sets of potential disasters , exchanging the one that appears most threatening for a threat that seems more distant .
it is true that the creditors of economic policies are suffering from potential disasters : they are dropping out of the most dangerous , and create space for which it is more remote .
it is true that the creative economic policies are song out potential disasters : they are dead by the most dangerous ones , and create a space for which they are more remote .

nebudou-li předloženy žádné důkazy o zbraních hromadného ničení v měřítku , které by znamenalo hrozbu , pak si - bez ohledu na to , co se v iráku bude dál dít - politický konec zaslouží jak bush , tak blair .
if no evidence of such weapons is produced , then both bush and blair deserve to be finished politically , no matter what else happens in iraq .
if there is no evidence of weapons of mass destruction on a scale that would mean a threat , then - regardless of what will continue to happen in iraq - the political end deserves both bush and blair .
if there is no evidence of weapons of mass destruction on a scale that would pose a threat , then , regardless of what will continue in iraq - the end of the political nature , both bush and blair .

někdy v průběhu příštího měsíce či dvou zváží kontaktní skupina pro balkán <unk> složená z usa , velké británie , francie , německa , itálie a ruska <unk> ahtisaariho doporučení ohledně konečného statusu kosova a možná i navrhne nějaké řešení radě bezpečnosti , na níž bude ležet konečné rozhodnutí .
some time over the next month or two , the balkan contact group <<unk>> the us , uk , france , germany , italy , and russia -- will consider ahtisaari &apos;s recommendations on kosovo &apos;s final status and possibly propose a solution to the security council , which must make the final decision .
sometimes in the course of next month or two months , the contact group for the balkans will consider the us , the great britain , france , germany , italy and russia , the ahtisaari recommendation on the final status of kosovo and perhaps also propose any solution to the security council to which the final decision is due .
sometimes in the course of next month or two days , the contact group for the balkans , the united kingdom , the great britain , france , germany , italy and russia , italy and mr ahtisaari &apos;s recommendation on the final status of kosovo , and perhaps it will also propose some solutions to the security council , to which the final decision will be taken .

indové s trvalým bydlištěm v indii dnes mohou mít účet v cizí měně a investovat do akcií zahraničních společností , zatímco indové s trvalým bydlištěm mimo indii mohou repatriovat dědická / pozůstalostní aktiva .
resident indians can now maintain a foreign-currency account and invest in shares of foreign companies , while non-resident indians can repatriate legacy / inheritance assets .
today , the dindent residency in india can be bought in foreign censorship and invest in foreign companies , while indddddddlis outside india can repatriate the legacy / helicoptic activity .
today , the permanent resident residents in india can have a bill in foreign companies and invest in foreign companies , while indent residents , outside india , can repatriate the heritage / curtail / retail and active .

některé problémy , jimž čelí pravice ve střední evropě , se podobají problémům , jež musí řesit pravice vsude jinde v evropě , kde sociálně demokratické strany vyvlastnily mnoho kdysi liberálních názorů , aby si získaly výhradní postavení uprostřed politického spektra .
some problems faced by central europe &apos;s right are similar to those the political right faces elsewhere in europe , where social democratic parties expropriated many formerly liberal ideas to seize a monopoly of the political center .
there are some of the problems faced by the right in central europe with problems that need to be solved by the right or de facto in europe , where the social democratic parties have owned many liberal opinions if they were to gain a exclusive position in the middle of the political spectrum .
the problems faced by the right in central europe are similar to the problems that the right-wing people in europe , where socially democratic parties have owned many liberal views , so that they can gain the exclusive position in the middle of the political spectrum .

místo aby se vrhly na pobřeží <unk> 80 % všech američanů žije do 80 kilometrů od tichého nebo atlantského oceánu <unk> , wal-marty se šířily organicky jako vytrvale se rozrůstající zásobovací řetězec .
rather than jumping out to the coasts -- 80 % of all americans live within 80 kilometers of the pacific or atlantic oceans -- wal-marts have spread organically through an ever-expanding supply chain .
80 % of the coast of all american americans live in 80 kilometres from a silent or atlantic ocean , the walk-marshall marshall have spread as permanent as a growing supply chain .
80 % of all the americans live in 80 kilometres from the pacific or atlantic ocean , marty-marty-marty-marriage have been spreading as a continuous increase in the supply chain supply chain .

díky strategii , kterou papež pro katolickou církev zformuloval , a díky jeho schopnosti zmobilizovat pro tuto věc miliony věřících nemůže již nikdo zopakovat stalinovu otázku : , , kolik divizí má papež ? &quot;
the strategy formulated by the pope for the catholic church , and his ability to mobilize millions of believers in its cause , meant that no one could ever again repeat stalin &apos;s question : &quot; how many divisions does the pope have ? &quot;
he has formulated and , thanks to his ability to mobilise this issue , no one can repeat the stalin &apos;s question : how much it has the hell for the catholic church &apos;s strategy ?
thanks to the strategy that papel for catholic church has formulated , and thanks to his ability to this millions of age , no one can repeat the question of stalin : how many of the pope has my pope ? &apos;

orbán svou podporou stoiberových požadavků snesl dar s nebes slovenskému nacionalistovi vladimíru mečiarovi , který by se rád znovu stal slovenským premiérem . díky orbánovi mohl mečiar tvrdit , že jeho domácí soupeři se chtějí vzdát tlaku eu a donutit slovensko , aby odškodnila maďary , které v roce 1945 beneš odsunul .
that orban seconded stoiber &apos;s demands came as something of a gift from god to the slovak nationalist vladimir meciar in his bid to become prime minister once more , as it allowed him to argue that his domestic opponents were preparing to surrender to eu pressure and force slovakia to compensate the hungarians expelled by benes in 1945 .
he has given his support to the stok requirements of the idar , who would be happy to return to the slovak prime minister , who would once again become a new newspaper , the newspaper of his orbán , to say that his opponents of the eu have been forced to force and to redress his opponents , and to redress the eu law , and to redress the nurant of slovakia , to redress the hungarians in 1945 , as well as the hungarian prime minister .
i would like to support the blanket &apos;s support for the stoibo demands , with the impenetrar of the slovak brothermal brother , who would like to once again become the slovak prime minister , the slovak prime minister , who would be able to renounce his hurt his home bears and to force his homeland to redress his homeland and to compensate the hungarians in 1945 , who would be able to compensate the hungarian prime minister for the hungarian prime minister .

vskutku , tempo výstrah ecb ohledně rizika inflace se v posledních měsících zrychlovalo <unk> počáteční <unk> jsme ostražití <unk> se v září změnilo na <unk> jsme obzvláště ostražití <unk> a to se v říjnu proměnilo v <unk> bdělá ostražitost vůči rizikům růstu cen ohrožujících cenovou stabilitu je oprávněná <unk> .
indeed , the pace of ecb warnings about the risks of inflation has quickened in recent months -- the earlier &quot; we are vigilant &quot; became &quot; we are particularly vigilant &quot; in september , which became &quot; strong vigilance with regard to upside risks to price stability is warranted &quot; in october .
in fact , the pace of the ecb &apos;s risk has been speeded up in the last few months , we have been particularly vigilant in september , and this has been particularly vigilant in october , and this is a vicious risk of growth in the wake of the size of the ecb , the pace of the risk of the risk of the extinction over the last few months , we have chosen to be spectacular fear in september , and this was particularly albeit alculated in albeit in october , and this was not changed in diminishing with the risk of diminishing growth in october .
in fact , the pace of the ecb &apos;s risk of inflation in recent months has accelerated the initial fatal increase in the price of mid-september , and in october , we have made a restraint on the risk of the ecb &apos;s growth rate on the risk of inflation in the last few months , we have accelerated the initial frozen , in particular , a restraint on the risk of price growth in october , and in particular , this was a threat to the threat of the threat to the growth of the price for the stability in the year .

paradoxní je , že zatímco příznivci umění ve spojených státech se již dlouho vyslovují pro přijetí <unk> evropského modelu <unk> <unk> díky němuž se evropané těší z bohatého a rozmanitého kulturního života <unk> , sama evropa je nucena změnit svůj systém podpory na takový , který bude více záviset na soukromých penězích a pokladnách .
ironically , while arts advocates in the united states have long argued for adoption of the &quot; european model &quot; -- which has produced a rich and varied artistic life for europeans -- europe is being forced to change its system of support to one that depends more on private money and the box office .
it is a paradoxical paradox , while the united states have been voting for a long time for a european model that enjoys a ridiculous lifestyle , and the river of its rich cultural system , which will change its support for more private aid , which will be the only way out of the european model for the rest of europe , and will be turned out of its ridiculous lives , which is the river of the rich europe , and will be reversed by the cost of its support system for more private aid .
the paradoxical paradigm is a paradigm when it comes to the adoption of a european model for the rich and multifaceted cultural life , the europe of europe , which is going to change its support , is paradoxical , while it is a paradigm that it is changing in the united states , the adoption of a european model for a european model for the european model for the richard of europe , which is already in favour of the rich cultural life , is to change europe &apos;s support for such a less-favourevoidance , which is more favourable to support for the european union .

