evropa se dohodla na jednotné obchodní politice .
europe has agreed to a single trade policy .
europe has agreed on a single trade policy .
europe agreed on a single trade policy .

rozsah těchto závazků je monumentální .
the scale of these obligations is monumental .
the scope of these commitments is monuous .
the scope of these commitments is monumental .

znovu a znovu zpochybňuje vědecké důkazy .
time and again , he questions the scientific evidence .
once again and again , scientific evidence calls into question .
it once again and again calls into question scientific evidence .

konsolidace ale není reforma .
consolidation , however , is not reform .
however , consolidation is not a reform .
however , the consolidation of consolidation is not a reform .

intervenční syndrom
the intervention syndrome
drug intervention syndrome
drug intervention syndrome

je to německo samotné , jenž je jádrem slabosti eura .
germany is the heart of the euro &apos;s weakness .
it is germany itself , which is at the heart of the weakness of the euro .
it is germany itself , which is at the heart of the euro &apos;s weakness .

například případ 35-ti hodinového pracovního týdne .
take the 35-hour workweek .
for example , the case of 35-hour working week .
for example , the case of 35-hour working week .

nové čečenské úřady tuto možnost podle všeho vítají .
the new chechen authorities seem to welcome this prospect .
the new czech authorities seem to be able to see this possibility .
the new czech authorities are expecting this opportunity to see it .

spotřebitelé platí podstatně méně než v tradičních obchodech .
consumers pay significantly less than at traditional outlets .
consumers pay significantly less than in traditional shops .
consumers pay considerably less than in traditional shops .

sociální a technologická agenda na sobě nejsou navzájem nezávislé .
the social agenda and the technology agenda are not independent of each other .
social and technological agenda are not independent each other .
the social and technological agenda are not independent in each other .

je čas nechat za zády neoliberalismus i washingtonský konsensus .
it is time to abandon neoliberalism and the washington consensus .
it is time to leave the neoliberalism and the washington consensus in the wake of neoliberalism .
it is time to leave behind the back of neoliberalism and the washington consensus .

dnešní éru globalizace pak odstartovalo masové rozšíření počítačů a internetu .
today &apos;s era of globalization emerged with the spread of computers and the internet .
today &apos;s era of globalisation then started mass expansion of computers and the internet .
today &apos;s era of globalisation has then started the mass expansion of computers and the internet .

to může být pravda , ovšem toto vyspívání má i svůj háček .
while this may be true , there is a downside to maturity .
this may be true , but it also has its defenders .
this may be true , but this is also a good one .

někteří lidé byli zděšeni , jiní plakali radostí .
some were frightened , others wept with joy .
some people were appalled , others were shocked .
some people have been appalled , others were happy to pay .

a rozpočtové náklady představují pouhý zlomek nákladů pro ekonomiku jako celek .
and the budgetary costs are but a fraction of the costs to the economy as a whole .
the budgetary costs are just a frame of costs for the economy as a whole .
the cost and budgetary costs are just a breakthrough of costs for the economy as a whole .

toto časové období by poskytlo turecku i unii příležitost k dohodě .
this period of time would offer both turkey and the union an opportunity to come to terms .
this time period would provide turkey and the union with an opportunity to reach an agreement .
this time period would provide turkey and the union with an opportunity to reach an agreement .

nové členské země očekávaly , že budou mít ze systému eu po obou těchto liniích značný prospěch .
on both counts , the new member states expected to benefit substantially from the eu system .
the new member states expected to have significant benefits from the eu system after both these lines .
the new member states expected they to benefit from the eu system after both of these lines .

pokud se jim to podaří , bude to mít obrovský přínos pro chudé lidi z celého světa .
if they succeed , the rewards for the world &apos;s poor will be immense .
if they succeed , this will have a huge contribution to poor people from the whole world .
if they succeed , this will have a huge contribution to poor people from the whole world .

vybudováním takové zdatnosti se z eu stane bojeschopnější transatlantický partner .
the creation of such a capacity will make the eu a more effective transatlantic partner .
building such duplication will become a more painful transatlantic partner from the eu .
by building such duplication , the eu will become a more attractive transatlantic partner .

asad musí prokázat , že posilování jeho moci může vést k opravdové transformaci .
assad must show that his enhanced authority can lead to genuine transformation .
it must demonstrate that strengthening its power can lead to real transformation .
it must prove that strengthening its power can lead to a genuine transformation .

skeptické evropské spojence amerika uklidňuje přísliby úzkých konzultací .
<<unk>> tical european allies are being mollified by us assurances of close consultation .
the scepticism of the european alliance is reassuring the ridiculous consultation .
the scepticism of the european allies of america reassess the promises of close consultations .

kandidátské země se nemohou dočkat , než dostanou své díly z koláče dotací eu .
candidate countries can &apos;t wait to get their share of fat eu subsidies .
candidate countries cannot wait until they receive their parts from the eu &apos;s colours .
candidate countries cannot wait before they receive their thanks from eu subsidies .

existují náznaky , že syřané nejsou schopni odhadnout americké záměry ani u dalších záležitostí .
there are signs that the syrians are unable to gauge american intentions on other issues as well .
there are indications that syria are unable to estimate american intentions or other matters .
there are indications that the symptoms are not able to estimate the american intentions or other matters .

samozřejmě že neexistuje žádná jednoduchá příčinná souvislost spojující chudobu a nerovnost s násilím .
of course , there is no simple causal relationship linking poverty and inequality to violence .
of course , there is no simple connection with poverty and inequality in violence .
of course , there is no simple reason to link poverty and inequality with violence .

všechny tyto závažné otázky o lidských právech odhalují skutečnost , že ruské právní instituce zůstávají nedotvořené .
all of these serious human rights questions expose the fact that russia &apos;s legal institutions remains half-formed .
all these serious human rights issues reveal the fact that russia &apos;s legal institutions remain unauthorised .
all these serious human rights issues reveal the fact that the russian legal institutions remain unborn .

asijské vlády neúnavně usilují o zvýšení vědecké a technologické výkonnosti svých ekonomik .
asian governments relentlessly act to raise the scientific and technological capacities of their economies .
the asian government is tirelessly seeking to increase the scientific and technological performance of its economies .
the asian government is tirelessly seeking to increase the scientific and technological performance of its economies .

avšak ztrátu estetiky a společenství nelze snadno podchytit jednoduchými příjmovými a cenovými statistikami .
but the loss of aesthetics and community is not easily captured in simple income and price statistics .
however , the loss of elites and the community cannot easily be underestimated by simple income and price statistics .
however , the loss of the elite and community cannot be easily designated by simple income and price statistics .

tyto otázky nejostřeji platí <unk> a skutečně se jim nelze vyhnout <unk> v případě možného vstupu turecka do eu .
these questions apply most pointedly -- indeed , they cannot be avoided -- in the case of turkey &apos;s possible accession to the eu .
these issues are most severely applied , and they really cannot be avoided in the case of the possible accession of turkey to the eu .
these issues are the most desperately being included , and they can indeed be avoided in the case of the possible accession of turkey to the eu .

víme , že přínos základní školy je plně realizován teprve ve chvíli , kdy děti pokračují na škole střední .
we know that the full benefit of primary school is realized only when children go on to secondary school .
we know that the benefits of basic schools are fully implemented only at a time when children are continuing to school in central .
we know that the benefit of the basic school is fully implemented only at a time when children continue to work on secondary school .

výsledky dvacetiletého výzkumného projektu však dnes naznačují , že blíže k pravdě mají skeptikové .
but the results of a 20-year research project now suggest that the <<unk>> tics are closer to the truth .
however , the results of the 20-year-old research project indicate today that they are more sceptical about truth .
however , the results of the twenty-year research project indicate today that they have sceptical about the truth .

francie a německo nejsou osou , která by se toužila stát jakousi vůdcovskou alternativou k usa .
france and germany are not an axis aspiring to be some sort of an alternative leadership to the us .
france and germany are not eight , which would like to become a leader of the us leadership alternative .
france and germany are not eight , which would like to become a leading leader alternative to the us .

madridské pumové atentáty daly evropanům pocítit metlu terorismu až do morku kostí .
the madrid bombings have made europeans feel the scourge of terrorism in their bones .
madagascar attributes to europeans have felt the methodology of terrorism to mortality .
madrid puters were given to europeans to feel the meltdown of terrorism to mortality .

ale i za této situace je politická pravice rozhádaná , což dává mečiarovi prostor , aby se vrátil .
even in this situation the political right has been quarrelsome , creating space for meciar &apos;s possible return to power .
but also in this situation , the political right is divided , which gives the meah space to return .
but , in this situation , the political right is born , which gives the hotel space to return .

světová banka ve spolupráci s partnery podporuje finanční strategie , jež mají rozvojovým zemím pomoci uhradit výlohy způsobované změnou klimatu .
working with partners , the world bank is supporting financial strategies to assist developing countries in meeting the costs caused by climate change .
the world bank , in cooperation with partners , supports the financial strategy to help developing countries to reserve the outcomes caused by climate change .
the world bank in cooperation with partners supports the financial strategy that is intended to help developing countries to reserve the interpretations caused by climate change .

toto obvinění má přitom naznačovat , že se církev nedokáže dost dobře sžít s pluralitní demokracií .
the accusation is meant to suggest that the church cannot live comfortably with a pluralist democracy .
however , this accusation is intended to indicate that churches do not prove enough to live with pluralist democracy .
at the same time , this accusation is intended to indicate that churches are not enough to live with pluralist democracies .

a tak je jednostranné stažení při absenci rozhovorů jediným smysluplným krokem směrem k uvolnění napětí a stabilizaci .
hence , in the absence of negotiations , a unilateral withdrawal is the only meaningful step towards de-escalation and stabilization .
thus , unilateral withdrawal in the absence of talks is the only meaningful step towards the release of tensions and stabilisation .
thus , unilateral withdrawal in the absence of talks is the only meaningful step towards the mobilisation of tension and stabilisation .

rostou obavy , že by demagogie tohoto ražení by mohla iniciovat sérii populistických volebních vítězství .
the worry now is that such demagoguery may incite a cycle of populist victories .
the fear that demagogic this race could initiate a series of populist electoral victory .
the concern that demagogic of this race could initiate a series of populist election victory .

intervence nato v kosovu je precedens , který využil americký ministr zahraničí colin powell , aby ospravedlnil válku s irákem .
nato &apos;s intervention in kosovo is a precedent that us secretary of state colin powell used to justify the war with iraq .
nato intervention in kosovo is a precedent that used by the us foreign minister coli to justify the war with iraq .
nato intervention in kosovo is a precedent used by the american foreign minister , colin , to justify war with iraq .

nezávislý fiskální orgán by pravděpodobně dokázal realizovat dlouhodobé cíle společnosti v daných oblastech lépe než politici , kteří upírají zrak na příští volby .
an independent fiscal authority could arguably implement a society &apos;s long-term goals in these areas better than politicians , who have their eyes on the next election .
an independent fiscal body would probably be able to implement the long-term objectives of society in the areas provided better than the politicians who are pushing for the next elections .
an independent fiscal authority would probably be able to implement the long-term objectives of society in areas better than politicians who are denying miracle on the next elections .

výsledek : ježci se dopouštějí většího počtu chyb , ale zároveň nastřádají více odkazů v googlu .
the result : hedgehogs make more mistakes , but they pile up more hits on google .
the result : jews are taking more errors , but at the same time , there are more references to google .
the result : the jews are making more errors , but at the same time they are shaming more references in googol .

ani ve své euforii jsme však nečekali , jak zásadně nový papež změní nejen polsko , ale i celý svět .
but even in our euphoria , we did not expect how much the new pope would change not only poland , but the world .
however , even in our euford , we did not wait for how fundamentally the new pope will change not only poland , but also the whole world .
however , in our euforii , we did not expect how fundamentally a new pope will change not only poland , but also the whole world .

jeho <unk> válečnický <unk> přístup usnadňuje islamistickým teroristům pohlížet na západ jako na stejně jednotnou a nenávistnou sílu .
his &quot; war &quot; approach is making it easier for islamist terrorists to view the west as an equally united and malevolent force .
his post-war approach makes it easier for islamist terrorists to look at the west as a single and hatred force .
his nightmare of the post-war approach makes it easier for islamist terrorists to look at the west as well as a single and hatred force .

i když oprášili starý slovník období velmocenského zastrašování , zjišťují , že jejich starý svět je pryč .
while brushing up the vocabulary and abbreviations of the age of superpower deterrence , they discover that such a world has gone .
even though the old word of the old term of power intimidation reveals that their old world is printed .
even though the old word of the term of the embassy period , they find that their old world is printed .

a tudíž takové podnikání - podnikání , které se učí , co lze produkovat - bude při absenci netržních pobídek podzásobené .
consequently , entrepreneurship of this type--learning what can be produced--will typically be under-supplied in the absence of non-market incentives .
therefore , and so on , such entrepreneurship - entrepreneurship that can be produced - will be provided in the absence of non-market stimulus .
therefore , and therefore such business - entrepreneurship that can be produced - will be subordinated in the absence of non-market incentives .

bush v této věci očividně , , svévolně opustil posádku &quot; ( abychom použili vojenského žargonu ) .
here bush is conspicuously absent without leave ( awol in military jargon ) .
bush is obviously left in this matter , arbitrarily abandoned the crew &apos; ( to use the military town of argon ) .
obviously , bush on this matter , is clearly , arbitrarily abandoned by the creditor &apos; to use the military arm ) .

pro dlouhodobější předpovědi na dobu přesahující jeden rok , kdy již dynamika nehraje významnou roli , jsou důležitější psychologické faktory .
the psychological factors are more important for longer-term forecasts , beyond a year , where momentum no longer plays an important role .
more important psychological factors are more important for the longer term over one year , when the dynamics no longer play an important role , are more important psychological factors .
the foreseeable forecast for the longer term , over one year , when dynamic is no longer playing an important role , is more important psychological factors .

ovšem dohoda o protibalistických raketách z roku 1972 zakazuje oběma zemím na dobu neurčitou vytvářet a používat jakékoli systémy národní obrany proti jadernému útoku .
but the 1972 abm treaty prohibits , for the indefinite future , systems to protect either country against such nuclear attack .
however , the agreement on anti-anti-missile rockets of 1972 prohibits both countries not to create a certain period and to use any national defence systems against nuclear attack .
however , the agreement on anti-capitalist missiles from 1972 prohibits both countries for no time to create and use any national defence systems against nuclear attack .

z <unk> buldozeru <unk> se stal dědeček většiny izraelců a poslední karta západní diplomacie <unk> pro američany a překvapivě i pro evropany .
the &quot; bulldozer &quot; had become the grandfather of most israelis and the last card of western diplomacy , for americans and , surprisingly , for europeans , too .
the bulk of the dollar has become the default of the majority of the israeli people and the last karta of western diplomacy for the americans and surprising for europeans .
from the bulk of the doctrine , the desperate of the majority of israelis and the last karta of the western diplomacy for the americans and surprising for europeans .

jistě , podle šaronova uvažování nemá devět tisíc židovských osadníků žijících mezi 1,2 miliony palestinců v pásmu gazy budoucnost .
certainly , according to sharon &apos;s thinking , there is no future for 9,000 jewish settlers living among 1.2 million palestinians in the gaza strip .
certainly , according to arrogance , nine thousand jewish gadolescents living between 1.2 million palestinians in the gaza strip do not have a future .
certainly , according to the arrogance and consideration , nine 000 jews of jews living between 1.2 million palestinians in the gaza strip do not have nine 000 jews .

mají dnešní demokracie dostatek mravní síly , aby dokázaly shromáždit tolik energie - včetně sebeobětování - , kolik potřebují k přemožení nepřátel ?
are today &apos;s democracies virtuous enough to rally the energies - including self-sacrifice - needed to defeat their enemies ?
today &apos;s democracy has enough frozen forces to collect so much energy - including self-sacrifice - how much do they need to transform the enemy ?
today &apos;s democracy has enough frozen forces to collect so much energy - including self-sacrifices - how much they need to relocate the enemies ?

lze tyto otázky řesit dnes , kdy hospodářské ochlazení v nejrozvinutějsích zemích nutí větsinu politiků soustředit se na krátkodobé cíle ?
can these issues be addressed now , when the economic slowdown in most advanced countries makes most politicians focus on short-term fixes ?
can these questions be dealt with today , when the economic departure in the most developed countries is forcing to concentrate on short-term objectives ?
can these issues be dealt with today , when the economic departure in the most developed countries is forcing the sink politicians to focus on short-term objectives ?

růžovým scénářům přisoudili pětašedesátiprocentní pravděpodobnost , zatímco ve skutečnosti se tyto scénáře naplnily pouze v 15 % případů .
they assigned probabilities of 65 % to rosy scenarios that materialized only 15 % of the time .
the root scenarios have taught a fifteen % likelihood , while in fact , only 15 % of cases have been fulfilled .
the rosé scenario has attributed to a fifteen centuries , while , in fact , only 15 % of cases were met in reality .

své rozhovory okořeňují jazykovými kvalifikátory , jež omezují důsažnost jejich argumentace : slovy jako <unk> ale <unk> , <unk> avšak <unk> , <unk> ačkoliv <unk> .
they sprinkle their conversations with linguistic qualifiers that limit the reach of their arguments : <<unk>> but , &apos; <<unk>> however , &apos; <<unk>> although . &apos;
their talks around linguistic qualification , which limit the legality of their argument : words as a result , but will be decided , although it has been decided .
their talks around linguistic qualification , which restrict their argument : words such as the act , but they do not act , although they have been included .

společnou reakcí přijatou v roce 2000 se stala <unk> lisabonská strategie <unk> , jejímž cílem je vytvořit z eu do roku 2010 <unk> nejdynamičtější a nejkonkurenceschopnější znalostní ekonomiku na světě <unk> .
the collective response , adopted in 2000 , has been the &quot; lisbon strategy , &quot; which aims at making the eu &quot; the most dynamic and competitive knowledge-based economy in the world &quot; by 2010 .
the joint response adopted in 2000 has become a signatory to the lisbon strategy , which aims to create the eu by 2010 to be the most dynamic and competitive knowledge-based economy in the world .
the joint response adopted in 2000 has been included in the lisbon strategy , which aims to create the most dynamic and competitive knowledge-based economy in the world by 2010 .

v politice může být tento jev nebezpečný , poněvadž rozhodovací proces je pak bez ohledu na závažnost ovlivňován tím , jaký veřejný názor momentálně převládá .
in politics this can be dangerous , because it encourages basing decisions , no matter how weighty , on whatever popular opinion momentarily prevails .
in politics , this phenomenon may be dangerous , because the decision-making process is , regardless of the seriousness of the seriousness that the public opinion is currently prevailing .
in politics , this phenomenon can be dangerous , because the decision-making process is then influential , regardless of the seriousness of what public opinion currently prevails .

k oběma objevům - objevu struktury dna a struktury bílkovin - došlo v cavendishově laboratoři na cambridgeské univerzitě .
both discoveries--dna structure and protein structure--were made at cambridge university &apos;s cavendish laboratory .
there have been some appeals to both disappear - the structure of dna and the protein structures - in capoulos laboratos in cambodia in cambodia .
there have been two appeals - the ddna and protein structures - in cameroon laboratories in cambodia &apos;s camp university .

to však ještě neznamená , že otázky týkající se zachování života ( nebo způsobu života ) , jako je například obrana , by neměly být předmětem chladné a tvrdé ekonomické analýzy .
but that doesn &apos;t mean that issues involving the preservation of life ( or a way of life ) , like defense , should not be subjected to cool , hard economic analysis .
however , this does not mean that issues relating to the preservation of life ( or the way of life ) , such as defence , should not be the subject of cold and harsh economic analyses .
however , this does not mean , however , that issues relating to the preservation of life ( or the way of life ) , such as defence , should not be subject to cold and hard economic analyses .

kdykoli se objevily návrhy na nějaký dodatek k ústavě usa , který by požadoval vyrovnaný rozpočet , navrhovatelé obvykle zapracovávali výjimky nejen pro případ války , ale i pro případ recese .
whenever proposals have surfaced for some sort of balanced-budget amendment to the us constitution , proponents have typically included exemptions not just for war , but also for recessions .
whenever there were proposals for some amendment to the us constitution , which would require a balanced budget , the rapporteurs have usually worked out exceptions not only for the event of war but also for the event of recession .
whenever proposals have been made to the us constitution , which would call for a balanced budget , the draftsman usually have been working on exceptions not only for the case of war , but also for the event of recession .

výzvou dneška je totiž nalézt alternativní soubor politických pravidel na podporu rozvoje bez toho , aby se země stávaly obětí dalších nepraktických projektů , které jsou údajně správné za všech okolností a pro všechny země .
but the challenge is to provide an alternative set of policy guidelines for promoting development , without falling into the trap of promulgating yet another impractical blueprint , supposedly right for all countries at all times .
the challenge of today is to find an alternative set of political rules to promote development without becoming victims of other non-practical projects that are allegedly right in all circumstances and for all countries .
the challenge today is , in fact , to find an alternative set of political rules to promote development without the country being victims of other non-practical projects , which are allegedly right under all circumstances and for all countries .

vnitroevropskou konkurenci ve službách svazuje nesčíslné množství národních předpisů , které například striktně vymezují podmínky , za nichž se člověk může stát kadeřníkem či instalatérem .
intra-european competition in services is restricted by innumerable national regulations that , for instance , strictly determine the requirements for becoming a hairdresser or a plumber .
the internal european competition in services belongs the quantity of national regulations which , for example , strictly define the conditions under which one can become a detroit or plunder .
the internal european competition in services has been the union with an unequivocal number of national regulations , which , for example , strictly define the conditions for which one can become a deporter or a installation .

každopádně již sama velikost ekonomik všech kandidátských zemí dohromady je tak zanedbatelná - činí přibližně 6 % hdp rozšířené eu - , že nemůže mít na euro žádný podstatný vliv .
indeed , the combined size of the candidate countries &apos; economies is so small--around 6 % of the enlarged eu &apos;s gdp--that they cannot possibly exert any significant effect on the euro .
in any case , the size of the economies of all candidate countries is so negligible - around 6 % of the eu &apos;s gdp enlarged - that it cannot have any significant influence on the euro .
in any case , the size of the economies of all candidate countries has been together so neglected - approximately 6 % of eu gdp - that it cannot have a significant impact on the euro .

další významný pokrok učinil o několik měsíců později max perutz , když objevil způsob určení stavby makromolekul , jako je myoglobin a hemoglobin .
a second major advance came a few months later , when max perutz discovered a technique to determine the structures of large molecules like myoglobin and hemoglobin .
another significant progress has been made on a few months later by max max , when a way of identifying macro-moley , such as myanmar and global emotions .
further significant progress has been made on several months later , max perutz , when the way in which the establishment of a macro-moley , such as the ruin of global and emotions , has emerged .

ve skvělém románu vánoční koleda od charlese dickense bezcitného obchodníka ebenezera vydřigroše potrápí návštěva ducha minulých vánoc .
in charles dicken &apos;s great novel &quot; a christmas carol , &quot; the soulless businessman ebeneezer scrooge is tormented by a visit from the spirit of christmas past .
in the excellent rotating colonies of christmas since the charter of dilecken necken , the free trading of the erosion of the media , and the grounding of the visit to the spirit of the past christmas .
in the excellent roles of the christmas kidnack , from charles diecken , the espot and the dgrosch will face a visit to the spirit of the past christmas .

omezovala schopnost firem a bank splácet úroky a hrozilo , že vyvolá řetěz velkých bankrotů , které by zničily důvěru ve finanční systém a byly tak další pobídkou ke střádání .
it reduced the ability of businesses and banks to service their debt , and might trigger a chain of big bankruptcies that would destroy confidence in the financial system , providing further incentives to hoard .
it has limited the capacity of companies and banks for years , and it was threatening that the chain of large bankruptcies , which would destroy confidence in the financial system and have been further stimulus to store .
it has limited the capacity of companies and banks to pay years and threatens the fact that the chain of large banks , which would destroy confidence in the financial system , and so have been another incentive for good .

jeho styl a rétorika budily dojem svěží ( pro koreu ! ) image řadového muže odhodlaného zlikvidovat zkostnatělé sítě korupce a jánabráchismu .
his style and rhetoric projected the fresh ( for korea ! ) image of a common man committed to eliminating the ossified networks of cronyism and corruption .
his lifestyle and rhetoric had the impression ( for korea ! ) the image of the grassroots man committed to eliminating the colossal network of corruption and jacques wars .
his style and the rhetoric felt the impression of the world ( for korea ) for the image of a ordinary man who is committed to eliminating the colossal network of corruption and jordan .

několik pravicových stran se nedokázalo dohodnout na tom , zda by se politická pravice měla řídit tradičními západními ideologiemi nebo zvlástní odrůdou maďarského nacionalistického konzervatismu a populismu .
various rightist parties failed to decide whether the modus operandi on the political right should be traditional western ideologies or a hungarian brand of nationalist conservatism and populism .
several right-wing parties were unable to agree on whether the political right should govern traditional western ideology or manage the growth of hungarian nationalist tism and populism .
a few right-wing parties have not been able to agree on whether the political right should govern traditional western ideology or the management of the hungarian nationalist conservative and populism .

pokud a až bude velká británie hlasovat o zavedení eura , výsledek nám s největší pravděpodobností vypoví celou řadu věcí o tonym blairovi a evropské unii , ale jen málo o podstatě fungování společné měny .
if and when britain votes on joining the euro , the result will most likely tell us all sorts of things about tony blair and about the european union , but little about the merits of the common currency .
if and when britain is to vote on the introduction of the euro , the result of the greatest likelihood will give us a whole range of things about tony blair and the european union , but only little about the functioning of the common currency .
if and when britain is to vote on the introduction of the euro , the result is most likely to give us a whole series of things about tony blair and the european union , but little about the essence of the functioning of the common currency .

podle jednoho průzkumu volilo roa více než 60 procent lidí ve věku mezi dvaceti a čtyřiceti lety a především díky nim ro v prvním prezidentském klání muže proti muži po 31 letech získal 2,3-procentní náskok .
according to one report , over 60 % of people in their twenties and thirties voted for roh to produce a margin of 2.3 % in this first two-man , head-to-head presidential race in 31 years .
according to one survey , the electorate and more than 60 per cent of people aged between twenty and four years , and above all , thanks to them in the first president of men against men after 31 years , 2.3-percentage per cent has received .
according to one survey , the assassination of a year and more than 60 per cent of people at the age of 20 and forty years and , above all , thanks to them in the first president of men against men after 31 years , it has obtained 2.3-centred leap .

oproti všem očekáváním si získala morálně výhodné postavení , když nabídla , že se vzdá části své rozpočtové slevy , avšak pouze za předpokladu , že zbytek evropské unie ( tzn. zejména francie ) přistoupí na zásadní reformy zemědělské politiky eu .
against all expectations , it struck a morally advantageous posture by offering to surrender some part of its budget rebate , but only if the rest of the european union ( i.e. france , in particular ) would agree to fundamental reforms of eu farm policy .
as a result of all expectations , it has gained a moral asset when it offered that it will give up part of its budget margin , but only provided that the rest of the european union ( namely france ) is on the fundamental reform of the eu &apos;s agricultural policy .
compared to all expectations , it has received a moral asset when it offered that it has given up part of its budgetary redress , but only provided that the rest of the european union ( namely france ) will take a fundamental reform of the eu &apos;s agricultural policy .

pokud se vše podaří správně namíchat , bohatě se to vyplatí : rozvoj se urychlí , poněvadž ekonomiky sklízejí plody vzkvétající populace v produktivním věku a její nižší odkázanosti .
the payoff is huge if they get it right : accelerated development as economies reap the benefits of a burgeoning working-age population and lower dependency ratios .
if everything can be done correctly , the rich is going to pay : development is accelerated , because the economies are spreading the fluctuations of the population in productive age and their lower destruction .
if everything is done properly , it is true : development will accelerate , because the economy is worried by the growing population in productivity and its lower modulation .

ti , kdo by chtěli napodobit trendy produktivity usa , si musí vyjasnit , jak pohlížejí na zarůstání venkova halovými prodejnami , vedoucí ke snižování mezd a mizení menších prodejců .
those who would aim to emulate us productivity trends must come to grips with how they feel about big-box stores sprouting across their countryside &apos;s , driving down wages and plowing under smaller-scale retailers .
those who would like to see the trends of the productivity of the us need to clarify how they look at rural fatal sale , leading to a reduction in wages and mirrors .
those who would like to see the trends of the us productivity must make it clear how they look at the scrapping of the homeland , the leaders to reduce wages and the disappearance of smaller sellers .

to bude záviset na objektivním zhodnocení nákladů vyjádřených ztrátami na životech , zničeným majetkem , ekonomickým dopadem na irák , vedlejšími účinky v podobě násilností a terorismu a geopolitickými důsledky .
this will depend on an objective assessment of the costs of the war in terms of loss of life , destruction of property , economic impact within iraq , spillovers into other forms of violence such as terrorism , and geopolitical consequences .
this will depend on an objective assessment of the costs expressed by loss of life , destroyed property , the economic impact on iraq , the by-effects of violence and terrorism and geopolitical consequences .
this will depend on the objective assessment of the costs expressed for life losses , devastating property , the economic impact on iraq , the by-effects of violence and terrorism and geopolitical consequences .

horizon jeunes , reproduktivní zdravotnický program zaměřený na městskou mládež , zvýšil v kamerunu povědomí mladých lidí o pohlavním zdraví a úspěšně změnil jejich chování <unk> v terapeutické skupině se vyžadování kondomu ženami zvýšilo z 58 % na 76 % .
in cameroon , horizon jeunes , a reproductive health program that targets urban youth , increased young people &apos;s knowledge of reproductive health and successfully changed their behavior , with condom use among females increasing from 58 % to 76 % in the treatment group .
on behalf of the eujon , reproductive health programme aimed at urban youth , increased awareness of young people about basic health and successfully changed their behaviour in the therapeutic group , the reception of women has increased from 58 % to 76 % to 76 % .
the euson is lajon jerusalem , the reproductive health programme aimed at the urban youth , increased in cameroon &apos;s awareness of young people &apos;s health and successfully changed their behaviour in the thermal group , with the need to increase women from 58 % to 76 % .

bushova administrativa například dělá , co je v jejích silách , aby zatajila obrovský počet veteránů , kteří se vracejí s těžkými zraněními <unk> zatím jich je 16 000 a přibližně 20 % z nich utrpělo těžká poranění mozku a hlavy .
for example , the bush administration has been doing everything it can to hide the huge number of returning veterans who are severely wounded -- 16,000 so far , including roughly 20 % with serious brain and head injuries .
the bush administration , for example , is doing what is in its power to conceal the huge number of veterinary people who return to heavy injuries , so far , are 16 000 and around 20 % of them have suffered heavy portion and heads of power .
for example , the bush administration is doing what it is in its power to secret the huge number of veterinary , who are returning to heavy injuries so far , 16 000 and approximately 20 % of them have suffered the harvest of the mockery and the heads of state .

i přes pokrok při přibližování inflace a úrokových sazeb k úrovni eu se mnoho kandidátských zemí obává , že při plném otevření se kapitálovým tokům - které je podmínkou vstupu - budou vystaveny riziku náhlých ustrnutí kapitálových toků a měnovým krizím .
but , despite their progress in bringing their inflation and interest rates closer to eu levels , many candidate countries fear that with the full opening up to capital flows--a requirement of accession--they will be exposed to the risk of sudden stops in capital flows and currency crises .
despite progress in increasing inflation and interest rates at eu level , many candidate countries fear that , in full opening up capital flows - which is a condition for entry - they will be exposed to the risk of sudden capital flows and monetary crisis .
despite progress in bringing inflation and interest rates to eu level , many candidate countries are worried that , in full opening up capital flows - which is a condition for entry - they will be exposed to the risk of restraint of capital flows and monetary crises .

pokud někomu připadá tento způsob uvažování povědomý , pak je to možná tím , že ( víceméně ) rekapituluje základy neudržitelného plánovacího systému , který kandidátské země na počátku devadesátých let opustily .
if this line of thought sounds familiar , perhaps it is because it ( more or less ) recapitulates the foundations of the unsustainable planning system with which the accession countries broke at the beginning of the 1990 &apos;s .
it is perhaps that ( wine ) repairs the foundations of the unsustainable planning system that the candidate country , at the beginning of the 1990s , if it seems to be aware of this way of thinking .
it is perhaps the case that the foundations of a unsustainable planning system , which , at the beginning of the 1990s , is that it is perhaps the basis for a unsustainable planning system , which the candidate country has abandoned for the start of the 1990s .

je to příhodný okamžik : zatímco se velká část světové pozornosti upírá na otázky spojené s dodávkami a bezpečností energie , stamiliony lidí v rozvojovém světě i nadále pokládají za neméně důležité <unk> ne-li důležitější <unk> dodávky a bezpečnost sladké vody .
it is an opportune moment : while much of the world &apos;s attention has been fixed on issues of energy supply and security , hundreds of millions of people in the developing world continue to see the supply and security of fresh water as equally , if not more , important .
it is a timely moment : while a large proportion of the world &apos;s attention is denied questions relating to supply and energy security , hundreds of millions of people in the developing world continue to be less important if the security of supply and security is not more important .
it is an offensive moment : while a large part of the world &apos;s attention is on issues related to supply and energy security , millions of people in the developing world continue to be less important if they are not more important if the external supply and security of water security is not more important .

americká bushova administrativa je skeptická k povzbuzujícím účinkům monetární politiky a chce snižovat nezaměstnanost větším fiskálním deficitem , neboť doufá , že bude možné vybruslit z budoucích nebezpečí , jež přináší trvalé deficity ( nízké investice , pomalý růst , ztráta důvěry , nekontrolovaná inflace a znehodnocování měnového kurzu ) , nebo že nebudou vidět dřív , než bushův tým opustí svůj úřad .
in the us , the bush administration is <<unk>> tical of the stimulative power of monetary policy and wants bigger fiscal deficits to reduce unemployment , hoping that the future dangers posed by persistent deficits -- low investment , slow growth , loss of confidence , uncontrolled inflation and exchange rate depreciation-- can be finessed , or will not become visible until after the bush team leaves office .
the american bush administration is sceptical about the effects of monetary policy and wants to reduce the increased fiscal deficit , because it can be hoped from the future danger of continuity , which makes permanent investment ( low investment , a small growth , a loss of confidence , disability and uncontrolled monetary degradation ) , or that it will not be able to see in the past than in the office , as it will be hoped from the dangers of the future , which generated by continuity of permanent deficits ( low investment , low investment , low growth , a loss of confidence , a loss of confidence , a loss of confidence , uncontrolled and uncontrolled monetary value ) ) , or that it will not be seen as it will be abandoned in the past than in office .
the us bush administration , and it is sceptical about the effects of the monetary policy , and wants to reduce the unemployment deficit rate , because it will be possible to spare the future dangers that bring about a permanent deficit ( low debt deficit , small growth , uncontrolled inflation and exchange rates ) , or not to see the previous office in the past .

tyto pocity budou součástí diplomatické zkoušky , která bude ro mu-hjonův úřad utvářet od samého počátku . bude totiž muset budovat vztahy s amerikou v době , kdy se bushova administrativa rozčiluje nad jadernými ambicemi severní koreje a její rolí v šíření zbraní hromadného ničení dalším nevyzpytatelným zemím .
these sentiments will form part of the diplomatic test shaping roh &apos;s presidency from the start , for he must re-engineer relations with america at the same time that the bush administration is fretting about north korea &apos;s nuclear ambitions and its role in spreading weapons of mass destruction to rogue states .
these feelings will be part of the diplomatic test , which will be in the outset , since the us will have to build relations at a time when the bush administration is discovered by the north anger and the ambition of the nursery of nuclear weapons .
it will be part of the diplomatic test , which will be a member of the jordan office , namely , that it will have to build relations at the beginning with the united states in the wake of the river , which will be part of the diplomatic test , which will be the muhonjonyov authority in the crisis , and it will have to build relations with the us at a time when the independence of the north korean administration is being undermined in its weaknesses and the proliferation of the north .

nesnažíme se objasňovat , zda byl americký lid v otázce válečných nákladů záměrně uveden v omyl , nebo zda by se mělo jejich hrubé podcenění připsat na vrub neschopnosti bushovy administrativy , která se v případě zbraní hromadného ničení tímto argumentem vehementně ohání .
we do not attempt to explain whether the american people were deliberately misled regarding the war &apos;s costs , or whether the bush administration &apos;s gross underestimate should be attributed to incompetence , as it vehemently argues is true in the case of weapons of mass destruction .
we will not make it clear to the us people on the issue of war , or whether they should be dumped on the queues of the unbundling of weapons , which should not be clarified by the us people in the form of war costs , or whether they should be dubious to deny their factories to the unbundling of the administration , which should not be used in this case in the case of weapons .
we will not make it clear whether the american people in the question of the cost of the cocktail , or whether their indebtement to the burmese administration , which , in this case , should be clarified whether the american people in the question of the war costs were deliberately detained in the case of the war costs , or whether their gross rubbbbbbbbbbbbbbes should be on the arms side , which , in this case , should be accused in the case of a mass argument of war .

