tato teorie však není přesvědčivá .
but this theory is not convincing .
however , this theory is not convincing .
however , this theory is not convincing .

existuje jen málo důvodů k optimismu .
there is little reason for optimism .
there are few reasons for optimism .
there are only few reasons for optimism .

klíčovou součást řešení poskytnou nové technologie .
new technologies will provide a key part of the solution .
a key part of the solution will provide new technologies .
a key part of the solution will provide new technologies .

ospravedlňování humanitárních intervencí
justifying humanitarian intervention
justification of humanitarian intervention
justification for humanitarian intervention

neoliberální výzva pro evropu
europe &apos;s neo-liberal challenge
europe &apos;s neoliberal challenge for europe
the neoliberal challenge for europe

deficity se vrátily - a chtějí se pomstít .
deficits are back--with a vengeance .
the deficits have returned - and they want to pretend .
the deficit has returned - and they want to be prosecuted .

vdechuje evropské integraci život respekt k hodnotám ostatních ?
is european integration animated by respect for another &apos;s values ?
is it devaluing european integration of respect for the values of others ?
does european integration show respect for the values of others ?

nevěří v loajalitu či v důvěru .
they don &apos;t believe in loyalty or trust .
they do not believe in loyalty or trust .
they do not believe in loage or trust in loast .

navíc novou definici potřebuje i sám princip suverenity .
moreover , the principle of sovereignty itself needs redefinition .
in addition , the new definition also needs the principle of sovereignty itself .
moreover , the new definition also needs the principle of sovereignty itself .

východoevropané byli dlouho součástí evropy i ve sportu .
even in sport , east europeans have long been integrated with the rest of europe .
europeans have long been part of europe and sport in sport .
the eastern europeans have long been part of europe as well as in sport .

zároveň platí , že peníze vynaložené na válku se daly utratit jinde .
at the same time , money spent on the war could have been spent elsewhere .
at the same time , the money spent on the war has been spent elsewhere .
at the same time , it is true that the money spent on the war has been spent elsewhere .

ještě před invazí přitom existovaly přesvědčivé důkazy , že bush lže .
even before the invasion , there was overwhelming evidence that bush was lying .
even before the invasion , there were convincing evidence that bush was .
yet there was a convincing evidence that bush was still there .

mezi naše dnešní nejnaléhavějších úkoly patří potřeba bránit šíření slabých států .
one of our most pressing tasks today is to prevent the implosion of weak states .
our most urgent tasks today include the need to prevent the spread of weak states .
among our most urgent tasks today is the need to prevent the spread of weak states .

mnohé nás rozděluje : rozšíření eu , zemědělství , problematika domácího trhu .
much sets us apart : eu enlargement , agriculture , and domestic market issues .
many of us divide : enlargement of the eu , agriculture , the issue of the domestic market .
many of us divide us : enlargement of the eu , agriculture , the issue of the domestic market .

stabilita je ovšem stejně tak otázkou politického vnímání jako technických výpočtů .
but stability is as much a matter of political perceptions as of technical calculations .
stability is , however , just as a question of political perception as technical calculations .
however , stability is the same as the question of political perception as technical calculations .

v našem globalizovaném věku se předpokládá , že vývoj událostí budou determinovat obrovské neosobní síly .
in our globalized age , vast impersonal forces are supposed to determine events .
in our globalised age , it is assuming that the development of events will be huge inpersonal forces .
in our globalised age , the development of events will be a huge personal force .

je nejvyšší čas , aby instituce eu začaly brát problémy a příležitosti spojené s rozšířením vážněji .
it is high time that eu institutions address more seriously the challenges and opportunities posed by enlargement .
it is high time the eu institutions started to take problems and opportunities associated with enlargement more seriously .
it is high time for eu institutions to start taking problems and opportunities associated with enlargement more seriously .

nemá cenu skrývat , že občanská spoluúčast velmi často slouží jako legitimizace podvodu .
it is no use denying that civic participation too often serves only to legitimize a sham .
it has no price to hide that civil cooperation is often very often serving as a legitimisation of fraud .
there is no price to hide the fact that civil participation is very often serve as a legitimisation of fraud .

nejvážnějsím problémem středoevropské politické pravice je ovsem chybějící identita .
the most serious problem of central europe &apos;s political right is a lack of identity .
the most serious issue of the central european political right is the lack of identity .
the most serious issue of the central european political right is the lack of identity .

nikdy v minulosti nevznikla tak silná opozice proti válce před jejím započetím .
never before was there so much opposition to a war before it occurred .
in the past , such a strong opposition against the war was never created in the past .
there has never been such a strong opposition to war against war in the past .

za prvé , světová ekonomika skutečně působí chaotičtěji než před desetiletím .
first , the world economy does look more chaotic than it did a decade ago .
firstly , the world economy really operates more chaotic than decades ago .
firstly , the world economy is actually causing a more chaotic than a decade ago .

a protože se vyhýbají přehnanému zjednodušování , dopouštějí se lišky méně chyb .
because they avoid over-simplification , foxes make fewer mistakes .
and because they avoid exaggerated simplification , the distinction of less errors is being made .
and because they avoid excessive simplification , they make a distinction less errors .

žádoucí vize budoucnosti lidstva se musí dovolávat celosvětově sdílených pojmů spravedlnosti a rovnosti .
a desirable vision for the future of humanity must appeal to universally shared conceptions of justice and equity .
the desirable vision of the future of humanity must be allowed to allow global shared names of justice and equality .
a desirable vision of the future of mankind must allow global shared concepts of justice and equality .

lišky nejsou tak přímočaré a své ideologické nadšení dokážou lépe krotit .
eclectic foxes are better at curbing their ideological enthusiasms .
a distinction is not so straightforward and its ideological enthusiasm can be better taken .
the distinctions are not so eminent and their ideological enthusiasm can move better .

pro lidi zvyklé žít v totalitním státě není snadné se naučit , co znamená spoluúčast .
for people accustomed to living in a totalitarian state , learn what participation means is not easy .
it is not easy for people to live in a totalitarian state to learn what cooperation means .
it is not easy for people to live in a totalitarian state to learn what it means to participate .

převážná většina rozpočtu tradičně putovala do zemědělství nebo do rozvoje zaostalejších regionů .
traditionally , a large majority of the budget has gone either on agriculture or on the development of backward regions .
the vast majority of the budget traditionally pushed into agriculture or in the development of the outermost regions .
the overwhelming majority of the budget has traditionally pushed to agriculture or to the development of the outermost regions .

pokud eu uzná , že se přístupová kritéria plní , musí rozhodnout o zahájení přístupových jednání počátkem roku 2005 .
should the eu consider the accession criteria as having been fulfilled , it must decide to open negotiations in early 2005 .
if the eu recognises that accession criteria are fulfilled , it must decide on the opening of accession negotiations at the beginning of 2005 .
if the eu recognises that accession criteria are fulfilled , it must decide to start accession negotiations at the beginning of 2005 .

je však jasné , že chudoba pramení z různých složitých podmínek a její zlepšení vyžaduje vícerozměrný přístup .
clearly , however , poverty arises from various complex conditions , and its amelioration requires a multidimensional approach .
however , it is clear that poverty is based on various complex conditions and its improvement requires a multidimensional approach .
however , it is clear that poverty is based on different complex conditions and its improvement requires a multidimensional approach .

sjednocení německa totiž stálo celé jmění , které mohlo být investováno do nejnovějších technologií a ekonomického růstu .
german re-unification cost a fortune , which could have been invested in high tech and growth .
in fact , the unification of germany has become a whole art that could be invested in the latest technologies and economic growth .
in fact , germany &apos;s reunification has withdrawn the entire changes that could be invested in the latest technologies and economic growth .

tento model představuje současnou základnu podnikatelského světa , stejně jako je centralizace oblíbenou obrannou strategií .
this model is the current basis of the business world , just as centralization has also been the favored defense strategy .
this model represents the current basis of the business world , as is the centralisation of a favourably defence strategy .
this model represents the current basis of the business world , as is the centralisation of a popular defence strategy .

v papežových prohlášeních se mnohdy objevuje kritika individualismu ve jménu společných hodnot .
a critique of individualism in the name of collective values occurs frequently in the pope &apos;s pronouncements .
there are many criticisms of individual nationalism in the passage statements in the name of common values .
in the pakistani statements , the criticisms of individual values are often discovered in the name of common values .

od roku 1989 se ve střední evropě toto kyvadlo po volbách střídavě naklánělo doprava a doleva .
across central europe since 1989 , elections have oscillated between right and left .
since 1989 , this phenomenon has been fought after the elections in central europe for a routine transport and dollar .
since 1989 , this cypriot in central europe was shocked after the elections by transport and dollar .

bez regulačního rámce pro období po roce 2012 se naděje na zahájení projektových transakcí do roku 2006 až 2007 vytratí .
without a regulatory framework beyond 2012 , the window of opportunity for initiating project-based transactions will close by 2006 / 2007 .
without a regulatory framework for the period after 2012 , the hopes for the launch of project transactions until 2006 will be trapped .
without a regulatory framework for the period after 2012 , the hope for the start of project transactions until 2006 will be trained .

německo , jeden z hlavních hráčů tohoto trhu , získá jen tehdy , když vsadí a investuje do jeho rozvoje .
as the major player , germany will gain by capitalizing on these developments .
germany , one of the main players of this market , will only be able to invest in its development .
germany , one of the main players of this market , will only come when it places and invest in its development .

na americkém břehu atlantiku se užitečnost těchto automatických fiskálních stabilizátorů nezpochybňuje .
on the american side of the atlantic , the usefulness of these automatic fiscal stabilizers is unchallenged .
in the us bank , the atlantic is not questioning the usefulness of these automatic fiscal stabilisers .
on the american bank of the atlantic , the usefulness of these automatic fiscal stabilisers is not questioned .

ebenezera vydřigroše dokázaly půlnoční vidiny přesvědčit o mylnosti jeho jednání .
ebeneezer scrooge &apos;s nocturnal visitors were able to convince him of the errors of his ways .
the benefited benefited and the groundless groundwater has been able to persuade the myths of its behaviour .
the elephant and dherol have been able to convince the kidnappppings of his negotiations .

tyto dva imperativy jsou již ze své podstaty ve vzájemném rozporu , avšak rovnováhu mezi nimi může stále nejlépe zajistit zastupitelská parlamentní demokracie .
these two imperatives are inherently contradictory , but the balance between them is still best achieved through representative , parliamentary democracy .
these two prerogatives are already contrary to each other &apos;s substance , but the balance between them can still best ensure representative parliamentary democracy .
these two variations are already in their substance in conflict with each other , but the balance between them can still be the best way to ensure representative parliamentary democracy .

neodmyslitelnou skutečností bezpečnosti léčiv je fakt , že všechny léky vedle svých přínosů mohou také u některých pacientů způsobit újmu .
inherent to drug safety is the fact that all drugs , in addition to their benefits , cause harm in certain patients .
the indispensable fact of the safety of medicines is that all medicines , in addition to their benefits , can also result in some patients .
the inconceivable reality of the safety of medicines is that all medicines , in addition to their benefits , can also cause reimbursement for some patients .

zaměřeni spíše na obranu svých hodnot a bezpečnosti , američané se snaží chránit svět , zejména západ , před temnými novými hrozbami .
rather , in defending their values and security , americans strive to defend the world , especially the western world , from dark new threats .
rather , it is aimed at defending its values and security , the americans are trying to protect the world , especially the west , before the dark threats .
rather , instead of defending its values and security , the americans are trying to protect the world , particularly the west , from the dark new threats .

evropa potřebuje měnovou politiku , která chápe podporu růstu zaměstnanosti v severní evropě jako úkol důležitější , než je kontinentální cenová stabilita .
europe needs a monetary policy that views aiding employment growth in northern europe as more important than continental price stability .
europe needs a monetary policy that understands the promotion of growth in employment in northern europe as a more important task than continental price stability .
europe needs a monetary policy that understands the promotion of employment growth in northern europe as a task more importantly than continental stability .

to by pro hospodářské zotavení evropy představovalo katastrofu , neboť ecb by neměla jinou možnost než dupnout na měnové brzdy .
this would be disastrous for europe &apos;s economic recovery , as the ecb would have no choice but to slam down hard on the monetary brakes .
this would be a disaster for the economic recovery of europe , as the ecb should not have any other option than to build on monetary movements .
this would represent a disaster for the economic recovery of europe , because the ecb should not have a different option than to duration on monetary brains .

jestě jiní říkají , že ačkoliv je nezpochybnitelně nutné obnovit hospodářský růst , musí k zotavení dojít , , v duchu paktu<unk> <unk> .
still others say that while it is clearly essential to restore economic growth , the recovery must occur <<unk>> <<unk>> within the spirit of the pact . &apos; &apos;
others say that , although it is unquestionably necessary to restore economic growth , the recovery must take place , in the spirit of conjunction .
others say that , although it is unquestionably necessary to restore economic growth , it must be restored , in the spirit of smuggling .

mým taktickým cílem je proto zlepšení veřejného obrazu úřadu ombudsmana tak , aby si získal větší úctu a uznání ze strany občanů i státu .
my tactical goal is thus to raise the public profile of the ombudsman &apos;s office , in order to win more respect and recognition by both citizens and the state .
my tactical aim is , therefore , to improve the public image of the ombudsman &apos;s office in order to gain greater respect and recognition from both citizens and the state .
my tactical aim is therefore to improve the public image of the ombudsman in order to gain greater respect and recognition from the citizens and the state .

momentálně mění bohaté země celosvětové klima tím , že každoročně produkují miliardy tun oxidu uhličitého ze spalování uhlí , ropy a zemního plynu .
right now , rich countries are changing the world &apos;s climate by emitting billions of tons of carbon dioxide each year from the use of coal , oil , and natural gas .
at the moment , it is changing the rich countries of the global climate by producing billions of tonnes of carbon dioxide from the combustion of coal , oil and gas .
at the moment , it is changing the rich countries of the global climate by producing billions of tonnes of carbon dioxide from the spaces of coal , oil and gas each year .

deficity nevyvolávají pouze bezprostřední politické otázky , ale i dotazy týkající se spravedlivého přerozdělování mezi generacemi a mezigeneračního sdílení rizik .
deficits raise not only immediate political issues , but also issues of distributive justice between generations , and of intergenerational risk sharing .
deficits do not only call for immediate political issues , but also questions relating to fair redistribution between generations and intergenerational risk sharing .
the deficits do not only call for immediate political issues , but also questions relating to fair redistribution between generations and intergenerational risk sharing .

dostal jsem dar , který byl sám další ukázkou prezidentova svévolného nakládání s mocí , nikoliv důkazem úcty k morálním principům .
i was receiving a gift--itself merely another demonstration of the president &apos;s arbitrary exercise of power--not proof of respect for moral principles .
i have received a dar , who was another demonstration of the president of arbitrary power management , not proof of respect for moral principles .
i have received a dar , who was himself another demonstration of president arbitrary management of power , not proof of respect for moral principles .

virtuální podniky jsou nezvykle novátorské a v podnikatelském sektoru je to dost možná jediný systém , který dokáže kvalitně vyrobit jednorázový produkt .
virtual enterprises are unusually innovative , and , in the business sector , they are possibly the only system that can build a one-off product well .
virtual businesses are unused and in the business sector , it is perhaps the only system that can produce a one-off product in good quality .
virtual businesses are unlawful and in the business sector , it is perhaps the only system that is able to produce a one-off product .

jaké kroky jsme dnes povinni učinit , abychom pro své potomky i pro planetu snížili rizika vyplývající ze stále pravděpodobnějšího globálního oteplení a klimatických změn ?
what actions are we obligated to take now in order to diminish the risks to our descendants and our planet from the increasing likelihood of global warming and climate change ?
what steps are we obliged to do today to reduce the risks resulting from ever more likely global warming and climate change for our offspring and the planet ?
what steps are we now obliged to do to reduce the risks resulting from the increasingly likely global warming and climate change ?

nemají-li mladí lidé navždy uvíznout na místech bez perspektivy nebo skončit zcela bez zaměstnání , potřebují lepší vzdělání a kvalifikaci odpovídající potřebám zaměstnavatelů .
if young people are not to become stuck in dead-end jobs , or end up without jobs at all , they need better education and skills that match those needed by employers .
if young people are not always visiting in places without prospects or end up completely without employment , they need better education and qualifications for the appropriate needs of employers .
if young people are not always travelling in places without prospects or end without work , they need better education and qualifications with the appropriate needs of employers .

ekonomové například odhadují , že v oddělení potravin si wal-mart účtuje o 25 % méně než typický velký řetězec supermarketů .
for example , economists estimate that the food section of wal-mart charges 25 % less than a typical large supermarket chain .
for example , economists estimate that , in the separati-mart department , the accounts for 25 % less than a typical supermarket chain of supermarkets .
for example , the economists estimate that , in the department of wallis , it accounts for 25 % less than the typical supermarket chain .

otázka , jestli rada bezpečnosti nezávislost schválí , do značné míry závisí na tom , zda se podaří odvrátit ruské veto , což bude vyžadovat značné diplomatické úsilí .
whether the security council will approve independence largely depends on averting a russian veto , which will require considerable diplomatic effort .
the question of whether the independence council will approve , to a large extent , depends on whether the russian veto can be reversed , which will require considerable diplomatic efforts .
the question of whether the security council will approve , to a large extent , depends on whether it will be able to resume russian veto , which will require considerable diplomatic efforts .

roovy populistické a nacionalistické názory nemilosrdně odzkouší realita , a to už záhy , neboť do úřadu má nastoupit už v únoru .
roh &apos;s populist and nationalist stance will be swiftly and sorely tested by reality when he assumes power in february .
the roma population and nationalistic views of neo-milrhetoric will examine the reality , and that is already back to the office , as it has already taken place in february .
the ropopulist and nationalistic views of the untamirror are examining the reality , and that is already going to the office in february .

nicméně současné úrokové sazby byly v říjnu označeny za <unk> stále přiměřené <unk> , což signalizuje , že ecb ještě nedospěla k rozhodnutí zatnout zuby a zakročit .
nonetheless , current interest rates were described as &quot; still appropriate &quot; in october , signaling that the ecb has not yet reached a decision to bite the bullet .
however , the current interest rates have been announced in october for an still reasonable , which signates that the ecb has not yet been able to arrest and take action .
however , the current interest rates have been labelled in october for an still duly substitute , which signalling that the ecb has not yet made a decision to arrest and take action .

naplánování invaze do iráku , u níž rumsfeld prosazoval použití menšího počtu vojáků , než se doporučuje , svědčí o špatném pochopení distribuovaných systémů .
but the planning for the iraq invasion , in which rumsfeld advocated the use of fewer troops than advised , suggests a poor understanding of distributed systems .
planning the invasion of the invasion of iraq , which rumours the use of less soldiers than recommends , shows the poor understanding of distributed systems .
the planning of the invasion to iraq , in which the rumble has advocated the use of a smaller number of soldiers than recommended , shows the poor understanding of the distribution systems .

někteří jednotlivci se mohou na operacích podílet kvůli zisku a moci nebo z politických a náboženských důvodů , zatímco jiní se jich účastní z nenávisti nebo kvůli vzrušení .
individuals can be involved for profit and power , or for political and religious reasons , while others participate for hate or thrills .
some individuals can participate in operations because of profit and power or from political and religious reasons , while others are involved in hatred or because of the heating .
some individuals can participate in operations due to profit and power , or from political and religious reasons , while others are involved in hatred or because of the departure .

protože jsme mimořádně konzervativní , při hodnocení celkového dopadu na ekonomiku předpokládáme , že lze válce přisoudit pouhých 5 až 10 dolarů z celkového zvýšení cen ropy .
being extremely conservative , we estimate the overall effect on the economy if only $ 5 or $ 10 of the increase is attributed to the war .
as we are extremely conservative , when evaluating the overall impact on the economy , we assume that the war can be promised only 5 to 10 dollars from the total increase in oil prices .
as we are extremely conservative , in evaluating the overall impact on the economy , we assume that a war can be attributed to only 5 to 10 dollars from the total increase in oil prices .

výsledkem jsou vysoké prémie za opakovaný zápis do armády , zvýšené sociální dávky a vyšší náklady na odvody <unk> jen mezi lety 2003 a 2005 vzrostly tyto částky o 20 % .
the result is large re-enlistment bonuses , improved benefits , and higher recruiting costs -- up 20 % just from 2003 to 2005 .
as a result , high premiums for repeated minutes to the army , increased social benefits and higher water costs have risen only between 2003 and 2005 to 20 % .
the result is the high meltdown for the repeated minutes of the army , the increased social benefits and the higher cost of water , only between 2003 and 2005 , these amounts have risen by 20 % .

je nerealistické žádat od chudých zemí , kde víc než 1,6 miliard lidí nemá přístup k čisté energii ani k technologiím , aby náklady spojené s tolik potřebnou technologickou změnou nesly právě ony .
it is unrealistic to ask poor countries , where more than 1.6 billion people do not have access to clean energy and technologies , to bear the costs associated with the much needed technological change .
it is inrealistic to demand from poor countries where more than 1.6 billion people do not have access to clean energy nor to technology , so that the costs associated with the necessary technological change are not just the ones .
it is unrealistic to demand from poor countries , where more than 1.6 billion people have no access to clean energy or technology to the cost of such a necessary technological change .

z historického hlediska prokázaly ceny domů značnou dynamiku a ceny ve všech těchto městech stále stoupají rychlým tempem , byť o něco pomaleji než před rokem či více .
historically , housing prices have shown a lot of momentum , and prices in all these cities are still going up at a brisk rate , though usually somewhat slower than a year or more ago .
from a historical point of view , prices have proved a significant dynamic and prices in all these cities are still rising at a rapid pace , albeit a little more than a year ago .
from a historical point of view , they have demonstrated the price of houses and prices in all these cities are still rising at a rapid pace , even if something i had a year or more than a year ago .

teroristické útoky proti spojeným státům z 11. září 2001 údajně všechno změnily - nejen mezinárodní vztahy , ale i rovnováhu mezi právy a povinnostmi , již jsme dlouho brali za samozřejmost .
the september 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in the united states allegedly changed everything - not only international relations , but the balance between rights and obligations that we long took for granted .
terrorist attacks against the united states of 11 september 2001 have allegedly changed everything - not only international relations , but also the balance between rights and obligations , for a long time we have taken for granted .
terrorist attacks against the united states of 11 september 2001 have allegedly changed everything - not only international relations , but also a balance between rights and responsibilities , we have long been taking for granted .

bohaté země , ač tvoří jen 15 % světové populace , byly dosud zodpovědné za víc než 75 % globálních emisí oxidu uhličitého ( co2 ) , tedy většinu škod na životním prostředí .
up to now , with only 15 % of the world &apos;s population , rich countries have been responsible for more than 75 % of global carbon dioxide ( co2 ) emissions , and thus most of the environmental damage .
so far , the rich countries , which are only 15 % of the world &apos;s population , have been responsible for more than 75 % of global carbon dioxide emissions ( co2 ) , the majority of damage to the environment .
the rich country , which is only 15 % of the world &apos;s population , has hitherto been responsible for more than 75 % of global carbon dioxide emissions ( co2 ) , the majority of damage to the environment .

jsme všichni spojenci usa ; návrh naší ústavy znovu potvrzuje význam vazby na nato ; naše strategie dosažení růstu a přispění ke globální stabilitě závisí na nenahraditelné podstatě našeho vztahu k americe .
we are all allies of the us ; our draft constitution restates the importance of the nato link ; our strategy for growth and our contribution to global stability depend on the irreplaceable nature of our relationship with america .
we are all united nations allies ; the draft of our constitution reaffirms the importance of links to nato ; our strategy to achieve growth and contribute to global stability depends on the irreplaceable essence of our relationship with america .
we are all allies of the us ; the proposal of our constitution reaffirms the importance of the links to nato ; our strategy for growth and contributing to global stability depends on the unreplaceable nature of our relationship with america .

podobně jako alexandr solženicyn má i papež sklon věřit , že to byl především odpor vůči totalitě , díky čemu se mohl člověk skutečně osvobodit a uchránit základní hodnoty civilizace .
like alexander solzhenitsyn , the pope tends to believe that it was above all in resistance to totalitarianism that man could become truly free and preserve the fundamental values of civilization .
like alexander mar genia , papel is also to believe that this was primarily a opposition to totalitarianism , which has actually been able to free and protect the basic values of civilisation .
similarly , as alexander japanio , the pope is also supposed to believe that it was , above all , resistance to totalitarianism , thanks to which one could really free and protect the fundamental values of civilisation .

jistým způsobem , jak tuto propast překlenout , je vložit do charty osn novou kapitolu věnovanou lidským právům a přeformulovat kapitolu iv , jež se týká používání síly v mezinárodních vztazích .
one way to overcome this chasm is to introduce into the un charter a new chapter devoted to human rights and to reformulate chapter iv , which concerns the use of force in international relations .
in a certain way , how to bridge this gap , it is to put into the un charter a new chapter dedicated to human rights and to formulate chapter iv , which relates to the use of force in international relations .
in a certain way , how to bridge this gap , it is inserted to the un charter of a new chapter devoted to human rights and to formulate a chapter in iv , which concerns the use of forces in international relations .

američtí výrobci automobilů však své hltače benzinu milují a bushovi kumpáni z ropného průmyslu si nepřejí být rušeni při své destrukci zemské atmosféry .
but america &apos;s automakers love their gas-guzzlers , and bush &apos;s oil industry pals want no interference with their destruction of the planet &apos;s atmosphere .
however , the american car manufacturers of pelle petrol and bush from oil industry do not want to be ruined in their destruction of the land atmosphere .
however , the american car manufacturers are mirror with petrol and bushia from the oil industry do not wish to be rooted in their destruction of the natural atmosphere .

vyvíjet projekty v oblasti infrastruktury je dlouhodobý proces , který vyžaduje 3 až 7 sedm , aby byl čas na stanovení záměru , získání povolení , zajištění financí , realizaci výstavby a konečně první certifikaci snížení uhlíkových emisí .
developing infrastructure projects is a long process that requires 3-7 years from identification , through licensing , financing , and construction , and finally to the first certification of carbon emission reductions .
it is a long-term process for infrastructure projects that requires 3 to 7 to 7 to seven , so that time to set intentions , obtain permits , ensuring finance , the implementation of construction and , finally , the first certification of carbon emissions .
the development of infrastructure projects is a long-term process that requires 3 to 7 to seven , so that it is time to set the intentions , to obtain authorisation , to ensure finance , to implement and , finally , the first certification of the reduction in carbon emissions .

v případech jednodušších struktur sestávajících z nemnoha atomů dokázala chemie nabídnout významnou pomoc při určování atomového uspořádání a výsledek tedy bylo často možné najít metodou pokusu a omylu .
with simpler structures made up of small numbers of atoms , chemistry could provide considerable guidance as to the atomic arrangements , and a solution could thus often be found by trial and error .
in cases of simpler structures of existing seats , chemicals have been able to offer significant assistance in determining the atomic arrangement and , therefore , the result has often been possible to find a method of fingerprints and error .
in cases of simpler structures of the existing seats , chemicals have been able to offer significant assistance in determining the atomic organisation and , therefore , the result has often been possible to find a method of fines and omissions .

nezávislé centrální banky mohou být občas politikům trnem v oku , ale v případě nutnosti je alespoň lze použít jako obětní beránky , což je úloha , jejíž přínosy převažují nad cenou za ztrátu kontroly nad jedním užitečným nástrojem .
independent central banks can occasionally be a pain for politicians , but at least they can be used as scapegoats when necessary-a role whose political benefits outweigh the costs of losing control over a useful tool .
independent central banks can sometimes be a politicians in the eye , but in the case of the need , at least , they can be used as a scapegoat , which is the role of which the benefits prevail over the loss of control over one useful instrument .
the independent central bank can sometimes be a politician in ok , but in the case of the need , at least , it can be used as a scapegoat , which is a role that prevails over the price loss of control over one useful instrument .

skutečným problémem mého úřadu však není nevědomost ani právní neduživost , nýbrž fakt , že v nedostatečně vyvinutém právním systému , jako je ten ruský , je moje autorita převážně osobní a vyžaduje pomoc hromadných sdělovacích prostředků .
but the real problem for my office is neither ignorance nor legal infirmity , it is that in an under-developed legal system such as russia &apos;s , my authority is mostly personal , and requires help from the mass media .
however , the real problem of my office is not the knowledge or the legal spirit of life , but the fact that , in a lack of developed legal system , such as the russian one , my authority is mostly personal and requires the help of mass media .
however , the real problem of my office is not the knowledge or the legal impartiality , but the fact that , in the underdeveloped legal system , such as the russian , my authority is mostly personal and requires the assistance of mass media .

my přitom očekáváme , že zdokonalené technologie a jejich rozšíření učiní svět roku 2100 při dvouprocentním ročním růstu mnohem bohatším : vyjádřeno v hodnotách kupní síly roku 2006 to bude 50 000 dolarů na hlavu .
we expect improved technology and its spread to make the world of 2100 , at a 2 % annual growth rate , much richer : $ 50,000 per capita of year-2006 purchasing power .
we expect , at the same time , to see that better technology and their expansion will make the world a 2100 in two percentage growth in a much rich growth : it will be 50 000 dollars at the head of the year 2006 .
at the same time , we expect that improved technology and their enlargement to make the world a maximum of 100 % of annual growth : expressed in the value of the purchasing power of 2006 , it will be 50 000 dollars on the head .

přesto se často zdá , že amerika a evropa nepohlíží na svět stejnou optikou : španělskou reakcí na teroristické útoky - hrozbě společné všem demokraciím - bylo zvolit vládu slibující ukončení proamerické politiky v iráku .
yet america and europe often do not seem to see the world through the same glasses : spain &apos;s response to the terrorist attacks - a threat common to all democracies - was to vote in a government promising an end to pro-us policy on iraq .
nevertheless , it often seems that america and europe do not look at the same optimism : the spanish response to terrorist attacks - the threat of all democracies - has been chosen by the government to opt for the end of the american policy in iraq .
nevertheless , it seems often that america and europe do not look at the same optimism in the world : the spanish response to terrorist attacks - the threat of a common democracies - was to vote on the government promises to bring an end to the american policy in iraq .

kdykoliv tedy hledáme řešení některých nejpalčivějších problémů světa , je pravděpodobné , že se i ona dají alespoň zčásti nalézt v nových technologiích , které dokážou překonat staré a zdánlivě neřešitelné problémy .
thus , when we seek solutions to some of the world &apos;s toughest problems , they , too , are likely to be found , at least in part , in new technologies that can resolve old and seemingly intractable problems .
therefore , if we seek to address some of the most pressing problems of the world , it is likely to be found at least part of the new technologies that can overcome the old and apparently incomprehensible problems .
therefore , if we are looking for a solution to some of the most devastating problems in the world , it is likely that they are at least part of finding in new technologies that can overcome the old and remarkable problems .

berlín : stejně jako se protřelým válečníkům při zvuku polnice začne v žilách vařit krev , tak stratégům studené války stoupá hladina adrenalinu , když se na první strany deníků dostane téma protiraketové obrany .
berlin : like old battle horses feeling young as the bugle sounds , cold war strategists are feeling the adrenalin mount as missile defense becomes front page news .
the berlin wall : as with the pro-wars of the polish people , the pockets will begin to be blocked in the straight , so the fear of the cold war has risen by adohald alrenovo when the first cold is given to the anti-missile defence subject .
i am sorry : as well as the three warrants of the pockets in the pockets , they will start the blood of the cold wars of the cold war , when the first party of dairs is on the subject of anti-missile defence .

ve své zemi se stal téměř uctívanou postavou a velké segmenty západního veřejného mínění se domnívají , že jeho politický skon představuje potenciálně smrtelnou ránu jakékoliv naději na pokrok v oblasti , ačkoliv ho velká část arabského a muslimského světa i nadále nenávidí .
he has become a nearly revered figure in his country , and large segments of western public opinion believe that his political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region , even as he remains hated in large parts of the arab and muslim world .
in its own country , almost an honour has become a built and a large segment of the western public opinion is thought that its political skies are potentially frightening any hope of progress in the area , although the large part of the arab and muslim world continues to hate .
in their country , it has become almost an acute and large segments of western public opinion , they believe that his political scandal represents potentially a deadly hope of any progress in the area , although a large part of the arab and muslim world continues to be hatred .

členové správní rady fondu us medicare ( který poskytuje lékařské služby penzistům ) zase odhadují , že jejich nekryté závazky činí v současné době 5,9 bilionů dolarů - což je o 50 % více , než je hodnota státního dluhu usa .
the trustees of the us medicare trust funds ( providing medical services to the retired ) estimate that their unfunded obligations have a present value of $ 5.9 trillion--50 % larger than america &apos;s official publicly-held national debt .
once again , the members of the governing media council members of the media council ( which provides medical pensions services for pensioners ) reveals that their uncovered commitments are currently 5.9 billion dollars of dollars - 50 % more than the us debt value .
in fact , the members of the council of the administrative council of the media fund ( which provides medical services for pensioners ) estimate that their uncover commitments are currently being made at 5.9 trilles - which is 50 % more than the value of the us sovereign debt .

to znamená , že penzijní a daňové instituce musí brát lépe v úvahu měnící se podmínky , kterým čelí jednotlivé generace , spíse než aby slibovaly nějaké pevně dané výplaty v budoucnu - kteréžto sliby s největsí pravděpodobností stejně nelze dodržet .
what this means is that pension and tax institutions must be designed to take better account of the changing circumstances facing different generations , rather than make fixed promises--which most likely cannot be kept , anyway--of a certain payout in the future .
this means that pension and tax institutions need to take better account of the changing conditions faced by individual generations rather than promising any firm payment in the future - the promises of the greatest likelihood cannot be respected in the same way .
this means that pension and tax institutions must take better account of the changing conditions faced by individual generations , rather than promising a strong salaries in the future - the promises to be made with the greatest likelihood cannot be respected .

makroekonomické politiky , finanční globalizace a změny v institucích trhu práce prohloubily v posledních desetiletích nerovnost , a to nejen co do příjmů a bohatství , ale rovněž co se týče dostupnosti vzdělání , zdravotní péče a sociální ochrany a politické participace a vlivu .
macroeconomic policies , financial globalization , and changes in labor market institutions have exacerbated inequality in recent decades , not only in income and wealth , but also in access to education , healthcare , social protection , as well as in political participation and influence .
the economic policy of macro-economic policy , financial globalisation and changes in the institutions of the labour market have increased inequality in recent decades , not only in income and wealth , but also in terms of access to education , healthcare and social protection and political participation and influence .
in recent decades , not only in income and wealth , but also in accessibility , education and social protection and social protection , financial globalisation and changes in the labour market institutions have deepened the inequalities in the past decades , not only in terms of income and wealth , but also in terms of accessibility , education , health care and social protection and political participation and influence .

nejlep<unk> ¡ ã <unk> scã <unk> nã ¡ ř tedy předpoklã ¡ dã ¡ , <unk> <unk> e se schrã <unk> der bude dr<unk> <unk> et filozofie â <unk> <unk> agendy 2010 &quot; a mã <unk> nte<unk> bude zdrã ¡ havã <unk> spd trpělivě vysvětlovat , <unk> <unk> e na cestě do země zaslã <unk> benã <unk> je třeba překročit pou<unk> ¡ ť .
in the best case scenario , schröder will therefore stick to the &quot; agenda 2010 &quot; philosophy , and müntefering will patiently explain to a reluctant spd that you have to cross the desert in order to make it to the promised land .
thus , the most hilipppppines will be the forefront of the hiphilihilipppppppppines , the hiliphilipppppppppines , will be collected by a provisional vote of a provisional version of the philosophy of the &apos; agenda &apos; and the mnnnnnnnnnnnd will be followed by the trapppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppting , and the cave-ppppppppppppppppppedt pot tration of the tration of the tration of the pbre , of the pbre , to be
therefore , the father of the eu &apos;s sentiment of the vienna spreads of the spreads of the sentiment of the viruhr &apos;s spreads of the great spreading of the strong and supreme of the sentiment of the supreme act of the swel , the são são sazar , will be a subscripplary of the philosophy of the &apos; agenda for 2010 &apos; , and the nmdmfa &apos; agenda will be restrated to the restraight away from the fact that it would be taken to be taken from the foot of the country &apos;s belongest for the country &apos;s beijing a and to be to be to be to be to be to be the belongestion the fill and to be to be to the beor-ford to the sor to the sor

jak ovšem irák zabředává do chaosu , diplomaté a vedoucí představitelé z celého světa si znovu kladou otázku , zda a kdy je patřičné , aby aliance států či mezinárodní společenství jako celek zasahovaly , pokud se nějaký svrchovaný stát zdá neschopen či neochoten bránit své občany před genocidou , válečnými zločiny nebo etnickými čistkami .
but as iraq spirals into chaos , diplomats and leaders everywhere are again asking themselves if it is ever appropriate for alliances of nations or the international community as a whole to intervene when a sovereign country appears unable or unwilling to defend its citizens from genocide , war crimes , or ethnic cleansing .
however , there is a question of whether or not the parties of the whole world are being asked , and when the appropriate alliance of states or the whole of the international community does not appear to be able to defend their ethnic citizens or not to defend their genocide against ethnic citizens , as it seems to be the case , or not to defend their ethnic citizens from the world , or to the appropriate international alliance of states or as a whole .
however , the athens of iraq , the diplomats and representatives of the whole world , once again , the question of whether and whether it is appropriate to the international community , if it seems to be sovereign or unwilling to defend its citizens from the war , to iraq &apos;s chaired diplomats , and the leaders of the whole world , whether and whether the question is whether and whether it is appropriate , and when it is appropriate , as a whole of the international community , if it seems to defend its sovereign or unwilling to defend their citizens from the war , to defend their citizens of the cleaner and cleaner .

přimícháme-li ke generační změně , která jej vynesla do nejvyšší funkce v zemi , silnou touhu veřejnosti pokračovat v námluvách se severní koreou - navzdory severokorejskému zahrávání si s jaderným ohněm - , je na neshody a hádky se spojenými státy už předem zaděláno .
but couple the generational changeover thaty put him in office with a strong popular desire for continued engagement with north korea--notwithstanding north korea &apos;s growing nuclear brinkmanship--and the recipe is complete for disputes with the us .
if we want to change it to the highest country , it is not a strong cloud to continue with the north korean - in spite of the north korean agreement - it is not in advance with the united states - in advance of nuclear agreement with the units - with the north korean discovered by the ancient - in the unrest of the ngo .
if we are to change the generations that did not get a strong public to the north of north korea - in spite of the north korean contingency - the abstention of the north states , which has not put it into the highest role in the supreme country , a strong public in order to continue to continue the north korea - despite the north korean contingency of korea - the abduction of north korea - the abstention and the united states .

