aber die meisten menschen sehen die dinge anders .
but most people don &apos;t see things this way .
however , most people see things differently .
but most people see things differently .

die heutigen arbeitgeber wollen hoch qualifizierte arbeitnehmer .
today &apos;s employers want highly skilled workers .
today &apos;s employers want highly qualified workers .
today &apos;s employers want high qualified workers .

der ausstieg hat begonnen .
the exit process has begun .
the phasing-out of the ec began .
the phasing-out has begun .

die einseitige straße zum frieden
the unilateral road to peace
the unilateral road to peace
unilateral road to peace

humanitäre interventionen rechtfertigen
justifying humanitarian intervention
humanitarian interventions are justified .
humanitarian interventions justify humanitarian intervention

unter den kommunistischen regimes sind ideologien völlig instrumentalisiert worden .
under the communist regimes , ideologies became totally instrumental .
ideologies have been completely used by the communist regime .
ideologies have been completely used under the communist regime .

die zähmung der politiker auf beiden seiten des atlantiks
taming politicians on both sides of the atlantic
the counting of politicians on both sides of the atlantic
the list of politicians on both sides of the atlantic

lateinamerika kann sich noch weiterer langfristiger vorteile rühmen .
latin america boasts still other long-term advantages .
latin america can still have further long-term benefits .
latin america can yet more long-term benefits .

deshalb sind wir auf koalitionen der willigen angewiesen .
so we are left with coalitions of the willing .
that is why we need coalitions .
that is why we need to rely on coalitions .

trotzdem ist der rest der welt nicht machtlos .
even so , the rest of the world is not powerless .
nevertheless , the rest of the world is not powerless .
nevertheless , the rest of the world is not powerless .

der terrorismus ist eine gewalttätige version eines &quot; agilen virtuellen unternehmens . &quot;
terrorism is a violent version of an &quot; agile virtual enterprise . &quot;
terrorism is a violent version of a &apos; virtual undertaking &apos; .
terrorism is a violent version of a &apos; virtual company &apos; .

in großbritannien und den vereinigten staaten haben die monetaristen ihre wette gewonnen .
in britain and the united states , this monetarist bet turned out well .
in britain and the united states , the monetary arists have won their wette .
in britain and the united states , the monetary arists have won their weather .

länder , die derzeit subventionierte lebensmittel importieren , werden schlechter dastehen .
countries that import currently subsidized food will be worse off .
countries that currently import subsidised food will be worse off .
countries that are currently subsidized to import food will be worse .

im inland ist die regierung noch immer mit ihren wirtschaftsreformen im rückstand .
the government is still lagging on its domestic economic reforms .
the government is still lagging behind with its economic reforms .
the government is still lagging behind with its economic reforms .

um voranzukommen , brauchen entwicklungsländer eine neue wasserinfrastruktur und ein besseres management .
to move forward , developing countries need new water infrastructure and better management .
developing countries need a new water infrastructure and better management .
in order to move forward , developing countries need a new water infrastructure and better management .

der schlüssel zu erfolgreichen , höheren investitionen in die wasserinfrastruktur sind entsprechend höhere investitionen in wasserinstitutionen .
the key to successful increased investment in water infrastructure is an equally increased investment in water institutions .
the key to successful , higher investment in water infrastructure is increased investment in water institutions .
the key to successful , higher investment in water infrastructure is in line with higher investment in water institutions .

der widerstand der ezb und der kommission gegen eine rasche euroeinführung entbehrt jeder grundlage .
the opposition of the ecb and the commission to rapid euro adoption lacks strong foundations .
the resistance of the ecb and the commission to the rapid introduction of euro notes every basis .
the resistance of the ecb and the commission to a speedy introduction of euro is based on every basis .

für die politiker ist es allerdings einfach , eine unverantwortliche geldpolitik an den tag zu legen .
but it &apos;s easy for politicians to be irresponsible about monetary policy .
however , it is easy for politicians to set up an irresponsible monetary policy .
however , it is easy for politicians to impose an irresponsible monetary policy on the day .

der fünfte schock war die deutsche wiedervereinigung , die in wirtschaftlicher hinsicht ein fehlschlag war .
the fifth shock was german unification , which is a failure in economic terms .
the fifth shock was the german reunification , which was a failure in economic terms .
the fifth shock was the german reunification , which was a failure in economic terms .

eine der wenigen guten ideen in der lissabon-strategie war die aufhebung der handelsbarrieren für dienstleistungen .
one of the few good ideas contained in the lisbon strategy was to remove barriers to trade in services .
one of the few good ideas in the lisbon strategy was the lifting of barriers to trade in services .
one of the few good ideas in the lisbon strategy was the lifting of trade barriers to services .

aber nichts dergleichen liegt offen genug zu tage , um die behörden zu veranlassen , ihre prioritäten zu überdenken .
but none of this is apparently enough to force officials to re-examine their priorities .
however , nothing is open enough to take days to encourage the authorities to review their priorities .
but nothing is open enough to carry out the authorities to review their priorities .

im gegensatz zu den zwei anderen psychologischen gründen , hat die spekulative ansteckung einmal ein ende .
in contrast to the other two psychological causes , speculative contagion has a natural end .
contrary to the two other psychological reasons , speculative infection once has ended .
in contrast to the two other psychological reasons , the speculation reduction has once ended .

die neue ccs-technologie kann dabei den ausstoß von co2 bei der stromproduktion um 80 % reduzieren .
this new technology , called &quot; carbon capture and sequestration , &quot; can cut by 80 % the carbon dioxide emitted during the production of electricity .
the new cccs technology can reduce co2 emissions by 80 % in electricity production .
the new cs technology can reduce co2 emissions in electricity production by 80 % .

zumal 70 % des europäischen bip auf dienstleistungen entfallen , sind die potenziellen auswirkungen eines verbesserten wettbewerbs beachtlich .
because services account for 70 % of european gdp , the potential impact from enhanced competition is substantial .
as 70 % of european gdp accounts for services , the potential effects of improved competition are significant .
since 70 % of european gdp accounts for services , the potential effects of improved competition are significant .

eine derartige expansive haushaltspolitik würde jedoch ein land für einen baldigen eurobeitritt disqualifizieren .
however , such fiscal expansion would probably disqualify a country from entering the euro any time soon .
however , such an extension of budgetary policy would discredit a country for an early entry into the euro .
however , such an increase in budgetary policy would discredit a country for the early entry of euroaccession .

die debatte wird erstaunlicherweise immer hitziger , obgleich es ungewiss ist , ob nmd jemals funktionieren wird .
amazingly , debate is heating up even though it is uncertain that nmd will work .
it is astonishing that the debate is always heated , even though it is uncertain whether nmd will ever work .
it is astonishing that the debate is always heated , even though it is certainly not true that nmd will ever work .

die ansicht der opposition - die von dem rechten flügel der bush-regierung geteilt wird - ist ebenso wenig überzeugend .
the opposition &apos;s view--shared by rightists in the bush administration--is equally unconvincing .
the opposition &apos;s view - which is shared by the right wing of the bush administration - is neither convincing .
the opposition &apos;s view - which is shared by the right of the bush government - is just as convincing .

außerdem wurden andere wasserprobleme , wie z. b. das überschwemmungsrisiko , auf ein überschaubares niveau reduziert .
in addition , other water-related issues , such as the risks posed by flooding , have been reduced to manageable levels .
in addition , other water problems , such as the flood risk , have been reduced to an excessive level .
in addition , other water problems , such as the risk of floods , have been reduced to excessive levels .

zulassung und gebrauch von medikamenten erfordern ein gewissenhaftes abwägen der erwünschten und unerwünschten wirkungen .
drug approval and use requires a careful weighing of desirable and undesirable effects .
authorisation and use of medicines require careful consideration of the desired and undesirable effects .
authorisation and use of medicines require a fair balance of the desired and unwanted effects .

letzten endes mündeten die budgetverhandlungen in einen dreikampf zwischen großbritannien , frankreich und den neuen mitgliedsstaaten .
in the event , it turned into a three-way battle between britain , france and the new member states .
at the end of the day , the budget negotiations ended in a three-way battle between the united kingdom , france and the new member states .
at the end of the day , the budgetary negotiations began in a three-way struggle between britain , france and the new member states .

obwohl die hoffnung , den friedensfahrplan wiederzubeleben , durch die besten absichten motiviert ist , entspricht sie nicht der realität .
while motivated by the best of intentions , the hope of reviving the road map is out of touch with reality .
although the hope of reviving the peace roadmap is motivated by the best intentions , it is not in reality .
although the hope of reviving the peace roadmap is motivated by the best intentions , it is not in reality .

umgekehrt ist die peitsche erforderlich , um sicherzustellen , dass solche initiativen nicht investitionen unproduktiv und verschwenderisch binden .
in turn , the stick is needed to ensure that these incentives do not lock in unproductive and wasteful investments .
conversely , the petitioner is necessary to ensure that such initiatives do not involve investments unproductive and wasteful .
on the other hand , the pet is necessary in order to ensure that such initiatives do not involve investment unproductive and wasted .

doch nach fünf jahren militärischer anstrengungen haben die von der bekämpfung eines geeinten aggressors ausgehende strategien die lage nur verschärft .
yet after five years of military exertions , strategies based on targeting a united aggressor have only made the situation worse .
after five years of military efforts , however , the policies aimed at combating a united aggression have only exacerbated the situation .
after five years of military efforts , however , the situation has only been exacerbated by the fight against a united aggression policy .

und wenn wir ökonomen ein bestimmtes verhalten sehen , dass zerstörerische nebeneffekte hat , besteuern wir es gerne .
and when economists see behavior that has destructive side effects , we like to tax it .
and if we look at economic behaviour in a certain way , the destructive side effects , we would like to tax it .
if we look at economic behaviour , then we are happy to see a certain degree of behaviour that the destruction of the accident has a result , we would like to do so .

die gläubiger wussten oder hätten zumindest wissen sollen , dass das geld nicht für die indonesische entwicklung vorgesehen war .
lenders knew , or should have known , that not all of the money was going to help indonesian development .
the creditors knew or should at least have known that the money was not intended for indonesian development .
the creditors knew or , at least , should have known that the money was not provided for the indonesian development .

es ist gar nicht nötig , 100 % der wähler auf seine seite zu bekommen , es müssen nur genug sein , um die wahlen zu gewinnen .
it is not necessary to please 100 % of the voters , only enough to win .
it is not necessary to get 100 % of the voters on their side , it must only be enough to win the elections .
it is not necessary to obtain 100 % of the voters on their side , but it is only enough to win the elections .

präsidialsysteme tragen daher immer auch das hohe risiko langandauernder pattsituationen in sich - wie man heute in venezuela sieht .
presidential systems therefore risk lengthy stand-offs that threaten democracy--as in venezuela today .
the bureau &apos;s systems are therefore always responsible for the high risk of continuing the patchwork of the patchwork in venezuela , as we see today .
it is therefore always the high risk of long-lasting patents in venezuela - as we see today in venezuela .

defizite bringen nicht nur unmittelbar vorrangige politische themen aufs tapet , sondern auch fragen der verteilungsgerechtigkeit und risikoverteilung zwischen den generationen .
deficits raise not only immediate political issues , but also issues of distributive justice between generations , and of intergenerational risk sharing .
deficits not only bring about immediate priority political issues , but also questions of distribution of justice and risk sharing between generations .
deficits do not only cause immediate political issues , but also questions of distribution of justice and risk distribution between generations .

man probierte es mit vielen strategien , vor allem mit handelsliberalisierung , der privatisierung ineffizienter staatsbetriebe und mit haushaltsreformen .
many policies have been tried , especially trade liberalization , privatization of inefficient state enterprises , and budgetary reforms .
we have tried to prosper with many strategies , particularly trade liberalisation , privatisation of inefficient public enterprises and budgetary reforms .
it was proclaimed with many strategies , particularly with trade liberalisation , privatisation of inefficient state farms and budgetary reforms .

trotz aids und des wiederauflebens von malaria und tuberkulose hat die lebenserwartung in weiten teilen der welt aufgrund verbesserter öffentlicher gesundheitssysteme zugenommen .
despite aids and the resurgence of malaria and tuberculosis , life expectancy has increased in much of the world due to improved public health systems .
despite aids and the reconstruction of malaria and tuberculosis , life expectancy in large parts of the world has increased due to improved public health systems .
despite aids and the reconstruction of malaria and tuberculosis , life expectancy in large parts of the world has increased due to improved public health systems .

so erregen sich die gemüter über etwas , das -- falls es jemals in ferner zukunft eintreten wird -- viel bewirken mag oder auch nicht .
so tempers are rising over something which , if and when it happens in the distant future , may or may not have much impact .
so the beers are concerned about something that , if it is ever going to happen in the future , may or will not do much .
that is the way in which the cradle of something that , if ever in the future , will ever happen , will have a great deal to be done or not .

eine wirksame strategie muss zwei aufgaben bewältigen , nämlich investitionen in nicht übliche bereiche ermutigen und projekte und investitionen ausjäten , die missraten dürften .
an effective strategy must accomplish two tasks : encourage investment in non-traditional areas , and weed out projects and investments that fail .
an effective strategy must deal with two tasks , namely investment in non-normal areas , encouraging projects and investment , which should be dissuasive .
an effective strategy must deal with two tasks , namely investment in non-normal areas , encouraging projects and investment , which should be misunderstood .

obwohl die aktuelle regierungskoalition , die aus konservativen und populisten besteht , erfolgreich ist , mag ungarns rechter die wirkliche herausforderung noch bevorstehen .
although the current governing coalition , consisting of conservatives and populists , has been successful , the real reckoning for hungary &apos;s right may still be yet to come .
although the current government coalition , which consists of conservatives and populists , is successful , hungary may still face the real challenge .
despite the fact that the current government coalition , which consists of conservatives and populists , is successful , hungary may have the real challenge .

solche fragen waren in der vergangenheit weniger wichtig , u.a. deshalb , weil grundlegende demokratische werte weniger abstrakt waren , als sie es heute zu sein scheinen .
such questions were never so urgent in the past , partly because fundamental democratic values were less abstract than they seem nowadays .
such issues were less important in the past , partly because fundamental democratic values were less abstract than they seem to be today .
such issues were less important in the past , including because fundamental democratic values were less abstract than they seem to be today .

die ironie besteht in diesem fall darin , dass chávez damals selbst das muster für die lösung der heutigen pattsituation geliefert hat .
the paradox here is that chávez &apos;s earlier example may provide the solution to today &apos;s standoff .
in this case , the irony is that chávez himself provided the model for resolving today &apos;s patchwork .
in this case , the irony is that chávez , at the time , has set itself the model for resolving today &apos;s patent situation .

der hauptsächliche zweck dieser neuen verfassung ist ihre präambel , in der der kosovo als ein unveräußerlicher teil serbiens verankert wird .
the main purpose of his new constitution is its preamble , which enshrines kosovo as an inalienable part of serbia .
the main purpose of this new constitution is its preamble , which enshrines kosovo as an inalienable part of serbia .
the main purpose of this new constitution is its preamble in which kosovo is enshrined as an inalienable part of serbia .

aus diesem grund schlug ich putin vor , einen eigenen ombudsmann für menschenrechte in tschetschenien zu installieren , der dann die ganze zeit vor ort wäre .
this is why i suggested to putin that chechnya have its own regional rights ombudsman who would spend all his time there .
that is why i proposed putin to set up a separate ombudsman for human rights in chechnya , which would then be the whole time on the ground .
for this reason , i proposed that putin set up an ombudsman for human rights in chechnya , which would then be the whole time on the ground .

der vierte schock war die osterweiterung , die außergewöhnliche handels- und anlagechancen im osten eröffnete , zugleich aber eine massive niedriglohnkonkurrenz mit sich brachte .
the fourth shock was eastern eu enlargement , which has brought extraordinary chances for trade and investment in the east , but has also brought massive low-wage competition .
the fourth shock was the eastward enlargement , which opened extraordinary trade and investment opportunities in the east , but at the same time created a massive low wage competition .
the fourth shock was the enlargement of the east , the extraordinary trade and investment opportunities opened up in the east , but at the same time a massive low price competition .

das dadurch verursachte elend ist offensichtlich , doch wird auch das wirtschaftswachstum gebremst , auf das millionen von menschen angewiesen sind , um der armut zu entkommen .
this will cause obvious hardship , but it will also hold back the economic growth needed for millions of people to escape poverty .
the misery caused by this is obvious , but economic growth is also being curbed to which millions of people are dependent in order to escape poverty .
it is obvious that this is caused by poverty , but economic growth will also be reduced to the millions of people in order to escape poverty .

während die truppen auf einen flexiblen einmarsch und rückzug ausgelegt waren , setzte die bush-administration sie schließlich für eine altmodische besetzung des landes ein .
while the forces were deployed for a flexible entry and withdrawal , the bush administration ended up using them for an old-fashioned occupation .
during the troops were flexible and remedied , the bush administration finally provided them for a old-fashioned occupation of the country .
while the troops were based on a flexible margin and withdrawal , the bush administration finally put them in favour of an old motives of the country .

andere wiederum halten in chodorkowskys fall nichts davon , denn er könnte die kaution leicht aufbringen und sich dann ins ausland absetzen .
others say that this is not an option in khodorkovsky &apos;s case - being very rich , he could easily jump bail and flee abroad .
others , in turn , have nothing to do with chodorkovskies , because it could easily have the rotation and then move away from abroad .
otherwise , there is nothing to be said in rodorkovsky , because it could be easy to get rid of the brains and then move on abroad .

zeitlich beschränkte subventionen , öffentlich zur verfügung stehendes wagniskapital und exportbeihilfen sind einige wege , auf denen diese herangehensweise realisiert werden kann . aber es gibt noch viele andere .
time-bound subsidy schemes , public venture funds , and export subsidization are some of the ways in which this approach can be implemented , but there are many others .
in the meantime , limited subsidies , publicly available capital and export subsidies are some ways in which this approach can be implemented , but there are many others .
for the time being limited subsidies , public capital and export subsidies are some ways of achieving this approach , but there are many others .

in wahrheit jonglieren wirtschaftspolitiker mit einer ganzen anzahl möglicher katastrophen herum . erscheint ein szenario zu bedrohlich , wird es unverzüglich durch ein scheinbar harmloseres ersetzt .
the truth is that economic policymakers are juggling sets of potential disasters , exchanging the one that appears most threatening for a threat that seems more distant .
the truth is that there are a number of possible disasters in the form of economic politicians , and it seems to be a scenario that will be replaced without delay by a apparently innocent hole .
in truth , mr president , economic politicians , with a whole number of possible disasters , seem to be in danger of threatening a scenario , it is immediately replaced by a apparently lofty .

die einführung des euro wäre für sie eine wunderbare möglichkeit , diesen risiken aus dem weg zu gehen und sich auf die schaffung von realem wachstum in ihren volkswirtschaften zu konzentrieren .
adopting the euro would give them a great way to escape such risks and focus on creating real growth in their economies .
the introduction of the euro would be a wonderful opportunity for you to take this risk out of the road and concentrate on creating real growth in your economies .
the introduction of the euro would be a wonderful opportunity for them to go along with these risks and to focus on the creation of rice growth in their economies .

sie stellt ein forum dar , in dem neue handelsliberalisierungsabkommen verhandelt werden , lösungen für protektionistische und diskriminierende politik gesucht und meinungsverschiedenheiten mit handelspartnern beigelegt werden .
it provides a forum in which to negotiate new trade liberalization agreements , seek remedies against protectionist and discriminatory policies , and resolve disputes with trading partners .
it is a forum in which new trade liberalisation agreements will be negotiated , seeking solutions to protectionist and discriminatory policies and resolving disagreements with trading partners .
it is a forum in which new trade liberalisation agreements are negotiated , solutions to protectionist and discriminatory policies are sought and differences of opinion with trade partners .

aber die unbesonnene anwendung dieser mechanismen zur erreichung kurzfristiger ziele kann langfristige kosten verursachen . das rechtfertigt manche beschränkung der freiheit von politikern , die makroökonomische politik zu beeinflussen .
but reckless use of either mechanism for short-term goals may create long-term costs , justifying some restrictions on politicians &apos; latitude in influencing macroeconomic policies .
however , the unlimited application of these mechanisms to achieve short-term objectives can cause long-term costs , which justifies some restrictions on the freedom of politicians to influence macroeconomic policy .
however , the unexpected application of these mechanisms to achieve short-term objectives may cause long-term costs , which justifies some restrictions on the freedom of politicians to influence macroeconomic policy .

wie bei so vielen anderen dingen kam es auch in diesem fall anders : die großen gewinner sind die ölkonzerne , während die us- und die weltwirtschaft zu den verlierern zählen .
as in so many other ways , things have turned out differently : the oil companies are the big winners , while the american and global economies are losers .
in this case , as in so many other things , the big winners are the oil companies , while the us and the world economy are among the losers .
as with so many other things , there has also been different in this case : the large winners are the oil companies , while the us and the world economy are among the losers .

klar jedoch scheint , dass die ezb die pressekonferenz im oktober genutzt hat , um politiker , gewerkschaften und die märkte zu warnen , dass die lange phase geldpolitischer inaktivität zu ende geht .
but what seems clear is that the ecb used the october press conference to warn politicians , trade unions , and the markets that its long period of monetary-policy inactivity is coming to an end .
however , it seems clear that the ecb has used the press conference in october in order to warn politicians , trade unions and markets that the long period of monetary policy activity is at stake .
however , it seems clear that the ecb has used the press conference in october to warn politicians , trade unions and markets that the long period of monetary activity is to end .

diese spannungen sind in der tat derart weit reichend , dass jede chance auch nur auf den beginn des dringend erforderlichen aussöhnungsprozesses nun weit in die zukunft verlagert werden muss .
so pervasive is this tension , in fact , that any chance of even beginning the much-needed reconciliation process must now be pushed far into the future .
indeed , these tensions are so far-reaching that every opportunity must now be transferred to the future , even at the beginning of the much-needed reconciliation process .
in fact , these tensions are so far-reaching that any opportunity must now be transferred to the future at the beginning of the urgently needed reconciliation process .

tatsächlich werden organisationen , die sich offiziell verpflichtet haben , alle nationen in ihre entscheidungsfindung einzubeziehen , oft von kleinen gruppen mächtiger nationen beherrscht , während die anderen kaum noch an den sitzungen teilnehmen .
indeed , organizations that are officially committed to involving all nations in their decision making are often controlled by small groups of powerful nations , while others merely go through the motions of participation .
indeed , organisations that have officially committed themselves to involving all nations in their decision-making are often dominated by small groups of powerful nations , while the others are not yet participating in the meetings .
in fact , organisations that have officially committed themselves to including all nations in their decision-making process are often dominated by small groups of powerful nations , while the others are not even taking part in meetings .

kürzlich vorgelegte beweise , wonach bessere panzerwesten für die soldaten die zahl der toten und verwundeten erheblich gesenkt hätte belegen , wie kurzfristige sparsamkeit zu langfristigen kosten führen kann .
recent evidence that deaths and injuries would have been greatly reduced had better body armor been provided to troops suggests how short-run frugality can lead to long-run costs .
evidence recently presented that better panic for the soldiers would have significantly reduced the number of deaths and injured people , as shown by short-term austerity at long-term costs .
recent evidence of proof that better panic for the soldiers would have significantly reduced the number of deaths and people who have died , could lead to short-term austerity costs .

im irak haben die usa gewalt als letztes mittel angewandt , gegen ein erwiesenermaßen aggressives land und nachdem ein hohes maß an internationalem konsens darüber erzielt worden war , welche auflagen der irak hätte erfüllen müssen .
in iraq , the us used force as a last resort , against a country with a clear record of aggression , and after a large degree of international consensus had developed about what iraq needed to do .
in iraq , the united states used violence as a last resort , against a proven aggressive country and after a high level of international consensus on what conditions iraq should have met .
in iraq , the united states has applied violence as a last resort , against a clear aggressive country , and after a high level of international consensus has been reached on the requirements of iraq .

obwohl sich präsident george w. bush zweimal für den tod der mädchen entschuldigte , werden weiter vehement änderungen des sofa-abkommens gefordert , das den gesetzlichen rahmen für die stationierung amerikanischer truppen in südkorea bildet .
although president george w. bush apologized twice for the deaths of the girls , demands continue to escalate for changing the status of force agreement ( sofa ) that governs the legal treatment of american troops stationed in south korea .
despite the fact that president george bush apologise twice for the death of girls , he will continue to call for substantial changes to the sofab agreement , which is the legal framework for the deployment of american troops in south korea .
despite president george bush &apos;s apologies for the death of girls , there are still strong changes to the softy agreement , which is the legal framework for the deployment of american troops in south korea .

die preise in glamour-städten werden vermutlich bei der nächsten ernstlichen rezession , oder im falle eines schocks für die lokale wirtschaft sowie bei zu rasant steigenden zinssätzen , drastisch fallen .
prices in glamour cities are likely to drop sharply the next time there is a serious recession , or if the local economy suffers a severe shock , or if interest rates rise too fast .
the price of glamour-cities will probably fall dramatically in the next serious recession , or in the event of a shock for the local economy , as well as at rapidly increasing interest rates .
the prices in glamb cities will probably be dramatically affected by the next serious recession , or in the event of a shoot for local economy , as well as in rapidly increasing interest rates .

seit den frühen 1980er jahren gab es in lateinamerika wenig fortschritte . in weiten teilen der region stiegen die pro-kopf-einkommen nur langsam ( wenn überhaupt ) und eine große krise jagte die andere .
since the early 1980 &apos;s , latin america has been stuck , with per capita incomes growing slowly ( if at all ) in most of the region , and with one big crisis following another .
there has been little progress in latin america since the early 1980s , and in many parts of the region the per capita income has increased only slowly ( if at all ) and a major crisis hunting the others .
since the early 1980s , there has been little progress in latin america , and in large parts of the region , the per capita income has only been slow ( if at all ) and a major crisis was the other .

es war auch das unrühmliche ende der sechsmonatigen ratspräsidentschaft großbritanniens , während der sich das image des landes als merkwürdiger außenseiter in der europäischen union festigte .
it also brought to a sorry close the uk &apos;s six-month presidency of the european council , confirming britain &apos;s long-standing reputation as the odd-man-out in the european union .
it was also the unfortunate end of the six months of the uk presidency , while the country &apos;s image was seen as a strange foreign minister in the european union .
it was also the unpleasant end of the six monatics presidency of the united kingdom , while the image of the country as a strange foreign er in the european union .

erst nach seiner wiederwahl im herbst 2002 gab er seine vorherige populistische haltung auf , die durch kurzfristige korrekturen und das neokorporatistische bestreben , zwischen gewerkschaften und arbeitgeberverbã <unk> nden zu vermitteln , gekennzeichnet war .
only after his re-election in autumn 2002 , did he give up his previous populist stance , short-term responses and neo-corporatist ways of trying to talk trade unions and employers &apos; associations into compromise .
only after his re-election in autumn 2002 , he gave his previous populist attitude , characterised by short-term corrections and the neoliberal desire to communicate between trade unions and employers &apos; representatives .
only after his re-election in autumn 2002 , he marked his previous populist attitude , which was characterised by short-term corrections and the neo-corridors &apos; desire to enact between trade unions and employers &apos; services .

vielleicht liegt hier auch der grund für die weigerung präsident bushs , premierminister orban zu treffen und man vermutet , dass ungarn der beitritt zur nato verweigert worden wäre , hatte orban bereits davor solche töne angeschlagen .
fear about this may be one reason why president bush refused to meet prime minister orban recently , and there are frequent suggestions that , had orban spoken as he now does before hungary joined nato , his country &apos;s application would have been rejected .
perhaps the reason for the refusal of president bush to meet prime minister orban here is that hungary would have been refused accession to nato , orban had already been beaten up against this kind of tour .
perhaps there is also the reason for the refusal of president bush to meet prime minister orban , and we suspect that hungary had been refused to join nato , orban had already been beaten against this kind .

wenn ein teil dieses geldes in investitionen im inland wie beispielsweise in den straßenbau , das schulwesen und die forschung geflossen wäre , hätte man die amerikanische wirtschaft damit kurzfristig stärker angekurbelt und ihr wachstum langfristig gesteigert .
we estimate that if a proportion of that money had been allocated to domestic investment in roads , schools , and research , the american economy would have been stimulated more in the short run , and its growth would have been enhanced in the long run .
if some of this money had been invested in investment in , for example , in road construction , education and research , the american economy would have been increased in the short term and increased its growth in the long term .
if a part of this money in investment , such as road building , school and research , the american economy would have been increased in the short term and increase its growth in the long term .

wenn der sicherheitsrat zu keiner entscheidung über den endgültigen status gelangt , wird dies zu einer bedenklichen lage führen : der kosovo würde seine unabhängigkeit einseitig erklären , und alle nationen müssten sich entscheiden , ob sie den neuen staat anerkennen .
if the security council fails to reach a decision on final status , it will produce a grave situation : kosovo would declare independence unilaterally , and all nations would have to make up their mind whether or not to recognize the new state .
if the security council fails to reach a decision on the final status , this will lead to a worrying situation : kosovo would explain its independence unilaterally , and all nations would have to decide whether they recognise the new state .
if the security council does not reach any decision on the final status , this will lead to a serious situation : kosovo would unilaterally explain its independence , and all nations should decide whether they recognise the new state .

dennoch herrscht ein krasser widerspruch zwischen der universalität und vormachtstellung der menschenrechte einerseits und den prinzipien der souveränität und nichteinmischung in die inneren angelegenheiten eines staates , die ebenso in uno-dokumenten festgehalten sind .
yet a glaring contradiction exists between the universality and supremacy of human rights and the principles of sovereignty and non-interference in states &apos; internal affairs , which are also enshrined in un documents .
nevertheless , there is a strong contradiction between the universality and power of human rights , on the one hand , and the principles of sovereignty and non-interference in the internal affairs of a state that is also held in un documents .
nevertheless , there is a serious contradiction between the universal and power of human rights , on the one hand , and the principles of sovereignty and non-interference in the internal affairs of a state that is also held in un documents .

aber als bernal die kristalle in einem lichtmikroskop betrachtete , fiel ihm auf , dass eine große menge wasser in den kristallgittern verdampft war und die gitter daher ihre regelmäßigkeit verloren hatten .
but when bernal observed the crystals in a light microscope , he noticed that as the large amount of water in the crystal lattice evaporated , they became disordered .
however , as an berter , the crystal clear in a light microsophisticated , it came to him that a large amount of water was consumed in the kristalls and that the gitans had therefore lost their regular experience .
however , as a bery , all of them were in a veil , he found that a great deal of water was lost in the crystal galls and that the giters had therefore lost their regular perseverance .

die probleme der eu bestehen in stagnierenden erträgen , einer hohen strukturellen arbeitslosigkeit , einem schwachen produktivitätsanstieg , der verschwenderischen und ungerechten gemeinsamen agrarmarktpolitik ( cap ) und in der bevorstehenden , strukturellen anpassungen an die eu-erweiterung .
the eu &apos;s problems are stagnant output , high structural unemployment , weak productivity growth , the wasteful and unfair common agricultural policy ( cap ) , and the forthcoming structural adjustments from the expansion of the eu itself .
the eu &apos;s problems exist in stagnant contracts , high structural unemployment , a weak increase in productivity , the wasteful and unjust common agricultural policy ( cap ) and in the forthcoming structural adjustments to eu enlargement .
the eu ’ s problems are in nights , a high level of structural unemployment , a weak increase in productivity , the downward and unfair common agricultural policy ( cap ) and in the forthcoming structural adjustments to eu enlargement .

mit der freigabe der kapitalkonten wird der wechselkurs der rupie mehr von den kapitalflüssen als von unterschieden der inflationsrate bestimmt , da indiens inflationsrate weitgehend mit der durchschnittlichen inflationsrate der oecd von ungefähr 3 % übereinstimmt .
with capital-account convertibility , the rupee &apos;s exchange rate will be determined more by capital flows than by inflation differentials , as india &apos;s inflation rate remains broadly in line with the oecd average of around 3 % .
with the release of capital accounts , the exchange rate of exchange rate will be determined more by capital flights than by the inflation rate , since india &apos;s inflation rate is largely in line with the average inflation rate of the oecd from around 3 % .
with the release of capital accounts , the exchange rate of capital is determined by more capital flights than from the rate of inflation , since india &apos;s inflation rate is largely in line with the average inflation rate of the oecd of approximately 3 % .

im jahr 1992 setzte dann deng xiaoping die rascheste und umfassendste durchmarktung in der geschichte einer gesellschaft in bewegung und beschleunigte damit chinas spektakulären aufstieg zu einer wirtschaftlichen supermacht .
then , in 1992 , deng xiaoping set in motion one of the most rapid and total marketizations of a society in history , catalyzing china &apos;s spectacular rise as an economic superpower .
in 1992 , deng xiaoping introduced the raschere and the most comprehensive market economy in the history of a society in the movement and accelerated so that china &apos;s spectacular spectacle can increase in economic superpower .
in 1992 , in 1992 , deng xiaoping then brought up the rab and most comprehensive market management in the history of a society in a movement and accelerated manner in china &apos;s spectacular spectacle to an economic superpower .

dank der skaleneffekte des gemeinsamen marktes konnte nokia seine erfindungen im vollen umfang zur geltung bringen , während siemens , der deutsche hersteller von mobiltelefonen , vor kurzem beschloss , sich aus dem handymarkt zurückzuziehen .
due to the economies of scale that the common market made possible , nokia was able to exploit its inventions fully , while germany &apos;s siemens recently decided to give up on the mobile phone market .
thanks to the skies of the common market , nokia has been able to make full use of its inventions , while the german manufacturers of mobile phones have recently decided to withdraw from the handyen market .
thanks to the effects of the common market , nokia has been able to carry out its inventions in full , while the german manufacturers of mobile telephones , recently decided to withdraw from the hand-on market .

ende der 1970er jahre wetteten die monetaristen , dass nur eine vorübergehende und bescheidene zunahme der arbeitslosigkeit die schleichende -- und voranschreitende -- inflation des industrialisierten westens zügeln könne und dass die kosten für eine rückkehr zu effektiver preisstabilität rückblickend als lohnend beurteilt würden .
at the end of the 1970 &apos;s , monetarists bet that only a transitory and modest increase in unemployment could rein in the creeping -- and trotting -- inflation of the industrial west , and that in retrospect the cost of returning to effective price stability would be judged worthwhile .
at the end of the 1970s , the monetary arists said that only a temporary and modest increase in unemployment could put an end to the sophisticated inflation of the industrialised west and that the cost of return would be more effective in terms of price stability .
at the end of the 1970s , the monetary arists said that only a temporary and modest increase in unemployment would be a temporary and modest increase in unemployment , the gradual and advanced inflation of the industrialised west , and that the cost of return to more effective price stability would be considered to be more profitable .

daraufhin verlangte der bayerische ministerpräsident edmund stoiber , kanzlerkandidat der konservativen cdu / csu und unerschütterlicher verteidiger der sudetendeutschen , schröder solle als reaktion auf zemans ausbruch einen geplanten besuch in prag absagen .
edmund stoiber , bavaria &apos;s leader , the conservative cdu / csu candidate for german chancellor against current chancellor schroeder , and a staunch advocate of the sudeten germans , demanded that schroeder cancel a scheduled visit to prague in response to zeman &apos;s outburst .
as a result , the bavarian prime minister edmand stoiber , chancellor landit of the conservative cdu / csu and unbelievable defenders of sudetenders , schröder , should say a planned visit to prague in response to the outbreak .
then , the bayeran prime minister , mr edmiber and mr stober , chancellor landaandat dat of the conservative cu / csu and unwarranted defence of the sun german , mr schröder should say that a planned visit to prague should be sent to prague .

drei psychologische gründe stechen dabei heraus : erstens die veränderte wahrnehmung der menschen hinsichtlich der wertquellen in einer sich verändernden weltwirtschaft . zweitens das zunehmende vertrauen in &quot; glamouröse &quot; städte , die man überall kennt und drittens die schlicht schwindel erregende dynamik spekulativer blasen .
three psychological causes stand out : first , a change in people &apos;s perceptions about the source of value in a changing world economy ; second , increasing public faith in &quot; glamour &quot; cities with international name recognition ; and third , the plain giddy dynamics of speculative bubbles .
firstly , the change in the perception of people &apos;s value in a changing global economy ; secondly , increased confidence in &apos; glamour-tourism &apos; cities , which are widely known everywhere and , thirdly , the downward dynamism of speculators .
firstly , the change of people in the value of a changing world economy , and secondly , the growing trust in &apos; glamb &apos; cities , which are known everywhere and , thirdly , the only worrying dynamic dynamic of speculative speculators .

letztlich lässt sich johannes paul ii in keine schablone pressen und oft vereinigt er widersprüchliches in sich : die ablehnung des kompromisses mit der ökumene , härte mit herzlichkeit , intellektuelle offenheit mit dem beharren auf theologische orthodoxie .
in the end , john paul ii does not fit neatly into any category and often represents a meeting of opposites : rejection of compromise with ecumenism , toughness with warmth , intellectual openness with insistence on theological orthodoxy .
in the end , john paul ii will not be able to preach a shuffle and often find it contradictory : the rejection of the compromise with the ecumenical , rigorous , intellectual openness with the insistence on theological orthodoxy .
at the end of the day , john paul ii does not pretend to be a shouse and often contradictory in itself : the rejection of the compromise with the oil mentality , with heart , intellectual openness with the insistence on orthodox orthodox xy .

da die regierung aber weder andere ausgaben beschränkt noch steuern erhöht hat , wurden die militärausgaben fremdfinanziert und so kommen zu den direkten kosten wohl noch einmal zwischen 98 milliarden dollar ( konservativ ) und 385 milliarden dollar ( moderat ) an zinskosten für diese schulden hinzu .
arguably , since the government has not reined in other expenditures or increased taxes , the expenditures have been debt financed , and the interest costs on this debt add another $ 98 billion ( conservative ) to $ 385 billion ( moderate ) to the budgetary costs .
however , as the government has not reduced expenditure or increased taxes , military expenditure has been financed and direct costs have been added to the direct costs of 98 billion dollars ( conservatives ) and 385 billion dollars ( moderates ) ( moderates ) .
however , since the government has not limited any other expenditure or taxes , military expenditure has been financed by foreign expenditure and , in this way , the direct costs will be added to the direct costs between 98 billion dollars ( conservative ) and 385 billion dollars ( moderate ) at interest costs for these debt costs .

mag schrã <unk> ders reformagenda angesichts der gravierenden probleme deutschlands - einer sich beschleunigenden abnahme der bevã <unk> lkerungszahl , einem ã ¼ berregulierten arbeitsmarkt sowie einem verschwommenen und verwirrenden steuersystem - auch als bei weitem zu zaghaft erscheinen , so werden viele der vorgenommenen einschnitte von den stammwã <unk> hlern der spd , insbesondere den mã <unk> chtigen gewerkschaften , als ã <unk> uã <unk> erst grausam wahrgenommen .
in view of germany &apos;s most pressing problems - an accelerating demographic decline , an overregulated labour market , and a cloudy and confusing tax system - schröder &apos;s reform agenda may look far too timid , but many cuts have been perceived as extremely cruel by the spd &apos;s core constituency , especially the powerful labour unions .
in the face of the serious problems of germany - a uniquely uniqueness of the release of the vlorry people &apos;s party , a glaring labour market and a vague and confusing tax system - even though it appears to be far too timid in the face of the serious problems of germany - many of the preparedness of the hostages of the coffers , in particular the foot of the goats , especially the glimpse of the fmd , are regarded as a bad trace in the street , as a sign of a bad trail , a little less than a bad family-asy tax system .
in view of the serious problems of germany - an uniformity in the liberalisation of the labour market , a trade organisation , which has been described as a shadows in the face of the serious problems of germany - a number of people who have been involved in the liberalisation process , a trade organisation which has been set up in the field of justice , and which seems to me to be a shadowed and confused tax system - as far as far as we are concerned , so many of the preparedness of the cuts in the world trade unions , particularly the md &apos;md , which has been the most serious concern for the development of the world trade unions .

aufgrund meiner sorge , dass die bush-administration die weltöffentlichkeit über die kosten des irakkrieges womöglich ebenso hinters licht führen könnte wie über die massenvernichtungswaffen des irak und dessen verbindungen zur al-kaida , tat ich mich mit der budgetexpertin linda bilmes von der universität harvard zusammen , um der frage der kriegskosten auf den grund zu gehen .
concerned that the bush administration might be misleading everyone about the iraq war &apos;s costs , just as it had about iraq &apos;s weapons of mass destruction and connection with al qaida , i teamed up with linda bilmes , a budget expert at harvard , to examine the issue .
as a result of my concern that the bush administration could give the world public the cost of the war in iraq the same light as iraq &apos;s weapons of mass destruction and its links with al-qa &apos;ida , i am in a position to go together with the academics of the university of harvard , so that the cost of the war can be borne by the war .
because of my concern , the bush administration could lead to the global public at the expense of the war in iraq as well as the light of the weapons of mass destruction of mass destruction and its al-qaeda , i am in fact with the commissioner &apos;s budget , because i am concerned about the fact that the bush administration , together with the cost of the war , could lead to the global public on the costs of the war on the war of iraq , may lead to light as well as the light as the light of the weapons of mass destruction of iraq , and its links with the al-qmda , since i am in fact , with the fact , with the perliners of the perliners of the ecofin university university university university university university of the university of the harvest university university of harvest university university of harmes , who , together , together , in order , together , together with the last year , in order , in order , to the light , in order

