&quot; experiment &quot; ist dabei das richtige wort .
experiment is the right word here .
&apos;experiment &apos; is the right word .
&apos; experiment &apos; is the right word .

unvollständiges wissen erschwert die beurteilung .
incomplete knowledge complicates this assessment .
uncomplete knowledge makes the assessment more difficult .
full knowledge makes it difficult to evaluate the assessment .

mitteleuropas verdrossene rechte
central europe &apos;s fractious right
the rights of central and eastern europe
the rights of central europe , which have been endured by central europe ,

eine wiederhergestellte welt ?
a world restored ?
is a reproduced world ?
a regeneration world ?

was will amerika ?
what does america want ?
what does america want ?
what does america want ?

man muss die schwierigkeiten bei der bestimmung von ursache und wirkung anerkennen .
the difficulties in determining cause and effect must be acknowledged .
we must acknowledge the difficulties in determining the cause and effect .
we need to recognise the difficulties in the provision of cause and effect .

es überrascht nicht , dass der vorschlag rasch beiseite gelegt wurde .
not surprisingly , the proposal was quickly shelved .
it is not surprising that the proposal has been put aside quickly .
it is no surprise that the proposal has been put in place quickly .

aber wie viel vertrauen sollten wir in solche expertenmeinungen setzen ?
but how much credibility should we attach to the opinions of experts ?
but how much trust should we put in such expert opinions ?
but how much confidence should we put in such expert opinions ?

doch ist es politisch stets schwierig , schutzbestimmungen abzubauen .
but removing protection is always politically difficult .
it is always politically difficult to reduce protection rules .
however , it is always politically difficult to reduce protection provisions .

erst zu diesem zeitpunkt kann ich dazu stellung nehmen .
only then will i be able to express an opinion .
i can only comment on this at this stage .
i can only comment on this at this stage .

der erfolg an der wahlurne , so scheint es , verblasst heutzutage schnell .
electoral success , it appears , fades fast nowadays .
the success of the ballot box seems to be quick today .
the success of the ballot box , it seems that it seems to be a start today .

· bei der überwachung von medikamentennebenwirkungen muss vorausschauender gehandelt werden .
· monitoring of adr &apos;s must be more pro-active .
action must be taken in the light of the monitoring of the side effects .
after all , the monitoring of arms effects must be carried out in advance .

bodenschätze sind ebenso wie fruchtbares ackerland im überfluss vorhanden .
natural resources are plentiful , with vast amounts of fertile land .
mineral resources are available , as are fertiliser land in the overflow .
as well as fertile farming land in the flow of land , they are also in the hands of land .

tief liegende inselgruppen wie die malediven werden im meer versinken .
low lying islands like the maldives will become submerged .
island groups , such as maldives , are falling in the sea .
deep island groups , such as the maldives , are lost in the sea .

baldige wahlen würden in venezuela die demokratie nicht untergraben , sondern retten .
an election now in venezuela will save , not undermine , democracy .
early elections would not undermine democracy in venezuela but save it .
elections in venezuela would not undermine democracy in venezuela , but save .

· das problem der arzneimittelsicherheit muss als systemfehler gesehen werden .
· the drug-safety problem must be seen as a systemic failure .
the problem of pharmaceutical safety must be seen as a systemic error .
the issue of medicines safety must be seen as a systemic error .

ein wichtiger punkt ist hierbei die einsicht , dass institutionelle anordnungen notwendiger weise landesspezifisch sind .
a key point here is that institutional arrangements are , by necessity , country-specific .
an important point here is the recognition that institutional regulations are necessary in the form of specific national fish .
one important point here is that institutional arrangements are necessary in the necessary way of national fish .

warum stellt es heute für japan eine ernste bedrohung dar und erzeugt schwerwiegende bedenken in den usa ?
why is this menace a matter of grave concern in japan today , and a threat worth worrying about in the us ?
why is it a serious threat to japan today and creates serious concerns in the united states ?
why is it a serious threat to japan today and creates serious concerns in the united states ?

multilateralismus ist besonders erfolgreich , wenn er auf einer echten konvergenz der interessen und werte beruht .
multilateralism is most successful when built on a real convergence of interests and values .
multilateralism is particularly successful if it is based on genuine convergence of interests and values .
multilateralism is particularly successful if it is based on genuine convergence of interests and values .

um den streit nicht zum wahlkampfthema werden zu lassen , willigte schröder ein .
to defuse an electoral fight with his rival , schroeder agreed .
in order to avoid the dispute on the electoral issue , mr schröder was not allowed to take a stand .
if we do not leave the dispute about the election campaign , mr schröder has been willing to stand up .

sind diese gründe gerechtfertigt , könnte der krieg möglicherweise zu mehr sicherheit auf der welt führen .
if they are vindicated , then the war could conceivably bring a safer world .
these reasons are justified , the war might lead to more security in the world .
these reasons are justified , perhaps the war could lead to more security in the world .

in vielen ländern jedoch finden es die politischen parteien schwierig , debatten dieser art auch nur ins auge zu fassen .
in many countries , however , political parties find it difficult even to contemplate such debates .
in many countries , however , the political parties find it difficult to consider debates of this type .
however , in many countries , the political parties find it difficult to look at this kind of debate .

die strategie beruht auf gruppenzwang ; regierungen , die keine fortschritte machen , werden öffentlich angeprangert .
the strategy rests on peer pressure , naming and shaming governments that fail to make progress .
the strategy is based on group pressure ; governments that do not make progress are publicly denounced .
the strategy is based on group pressure ; governments that do not make progress are publicly condemned .

skeptische europäische alliierte werden dadurch besänftigt , dass die usa eine enge konsultation zusichern .
<<unk>> tical european allies are being mollified by us assurances of close consultation .
sceptic european alliances are being made up of the fact that the united states is sending a close consultation .
sceptic european allies will be increased by providing the united states with close consultation .

der daraus resultierende druck auf die institutionen der darstellenden kunst schürt auf verschiedenen ebenen die bedenken .
the resulting pressure on europe &apos;s performing arts institutions is causing concern at various different levels .
the pressure resulting from this is on the institutions of the arts to bear the concerns at various levels .
the pressure resulting from this is being put on the institutions of the art art at various levels .

allerdings habe ich einige vorbehalte gegen das wal-mart-modell als vorlage für das globale wachstum .
but i do have some reservations about the wal-mart model as a blueprint for global growth .
however , i have some reservations about the wal-mart model as a proposal for global growth .
however , i have some reservations about the forest mart model as a presentation of global growth .

auf der anderen seite leisteten die g-7 einen wahrlich bedeutsamen beitrag , indem man einen schuldenerlass anbot .
on the other hand , the g-7 made a truly important contribution in offering debt relief .
on the other hand , the g8 made a real significant contribution by providing a debt relief .
on the other hand , the g 7 made a real contribution by providing debt relief .

der neoliberalismus verhält sich zur neoklassischen wirtschaftsweise wie die astrologie zur astronomie .
neoliberalism is to neoclassical economics as astrology is to astronomy .
neo-liberalism is acting in an economic manner , such as the impasse in astronomy .
neo-liberalism is based on the neitive economic way , such as the seaomy of aomy .

wenn sich ihre argumente allerdings als haltlos erweisen oder gar widerlegt werden , dann wird dieser krieg zu instabilität führen .
if their arguments remain unproved or are disproved , then the war will incite instability .
however , if your arguments prove to be valid or even opposed , then this war will lead to instability .
however , if your arguments prove to be , or even irresponsible , then this war will lead to instability .

dieses instrument ist das der wahlen , die so schnell wie möglich abzuhalten sind ( realistisch wäre der kommende sommer ) .
that mechanism is an election , to be held as soon as possible ( realistically , by this summer ) .
this instrument is the election instrument that will be held as quickly as possible ( realistic of the summer ) .
this instrument is the elections that have been held as quickly as possible ( realistic ) the next summer ) .

mit dem assoziationsabkommen von 1963 entstanden spezielle beziehungen , die 1996 in der schaffung der zollunion gipfelten .
with the association agreement of 1963 , a special relationship was established , culminating in the customs union of 1996 .
special relations have been established with the 1963 association agreement , which took place in 1996 in the creation of the customs union .
with the association agreement of 1963 , special relations have been established , which took place in 1996 in the creation of the customs union .

andere wiederum benötigen unter umständen tiefere wasserspeicher , modernere filtrationsanlagen oder verbesserte wassertransportsysteme .
still others might need deeper reservoirs , more modern filtration plants , or improved water transport schemes .
others , in other circumstances , need more deep-water storage , more modern films or improved water transport systems .
others , in circumstances , need more water storage , more modern films or improved water transport systems .

diese fragen werden sehr direkt im zusammenhang mit einem möglichen eu-beitritt der türkei gestellt -- ja , sie können gar nicht vermieden werden .
these questions apply most pointedly -- indeed , they cannot be avoided -- in the case of turkey &apos;s possible accession to the eu .
these questions will be put directly in connection with the possible accession of turkey - yes , they cannot be avoided at all .
these questions are raised very directly in connection with a possible accession of turkey - yes , they cannot be avoided .

alle , die regierung , der private bereich und die zivilgesellschaft , müssen ihre rolle übernehmen , um das sozialkapital zu stärken .
government , the private sector , and civil society all have a role to play in strengthening social capital .
everyone , the government , private and civil society , must play their role in strengthening social capital .
everyone , the government , the private sector and civil society must play their role to strengthen social capital .

ein gespenst geht um in mitteleuropa , während sich die länder dort auf die mitgliedschaft in der europäischen union vorbereiten .
a specter is haunting central europe as its countries prepare for eu membership .
a spectre is about central europe , while the countries are preparing for membership of the european union .
a split is at stake in central europe , while the countries are preparing for membership of the european union .

eigentlich könnte ich die ganze zeit in tschetschenien verbringen , aber russland hat 89 regionen mit zahllosen zu bearbeitenden menschenrechtsfragen .
indeed , i could spend all my time in chechnya , but russia has 89 regions with countless human rights issues to address .
in fact , i could spend the whole time in chechnya , but russia has 89 regions with unpaid human rights issues .
in fact , i could make the whole time in chechnya , but russia has 89 regions with unpaid human rights issues .

diese abstimmungen spiegelten zum teil den unmut über die innenpolitik und zum teil die enttäuschung darüber wider , wie die regierungen europäische angelegenheiten regeln .
those votes partly reflected displeasure with domestic policies , and partly disappointment with the way governments conduct european affairs .
these votes partly reflect the incourage over internal policy and partly the disappointment at the way in which governments regulate european affairs .
in part , these votes reflect the lack of courage over internal policy and partly the disappointment of how the governments of european affairs are rules .

alle drei verletzten eigentlich jede vorschrift der neoliberalen doktrin auch dann noch , als sie sich verstärkt auf die marktwirtschaft hin orientierten .
china , vietnam , india : all three violated virtually every rule in the neoliberal guidebook , even as they moved in a more market-oriented direction .
all three last , in fact , any rule of the neoliberal doctrine is even more so than it is increasing to the market economy .
in fact , all three of the last three versions of the neoliberal doctrine are still in place , even though they are increasing on the market economy .

jemand kann sich zum beispiel als liberal bezeichnen , aber gleichzeitig verlangen , dass die regierung weiterhin energie , bildung oder wohnungsbau subventioniert .
a person may describe him or herself as , for example , a liberal , yet at same time demand that the government continue subsidizing energy , education , or housing .
someone can call liberal , for example , but at the same time demand that the government continue to subsidise energy , education or housing .
for example , someone can be called a liberal , but at the same time demand that the government continue to subsidise energy , education or housing .

die eigenheimpreise haben angesichts früherer warnungen vor einem ende des aufwärtstrends eine enorme dynamik nach oben entwickelt .
housing prices have shown tremendous upward momentum in the face of previous warnings that the party is over .
in the light of earlier warnings , the price of domestic prices has developed a huge dynamic at the end of the upward trend .
in view of previous warnings , domestic prices have developed a huge dynamic in the face of an end to the downward trend .

ein entscheidendes merkmal der letzten jahrzehnte ist die starke steigerung der dienstleistungsproduktivität in den usa ; nichts davon ist in europa geschehen .
one of the defining features of the past decades is the sharp increase in services productivity in the us ; none of that happened in europe .
a decisive feature of the last decades is the strong increase in the productivity of services in the united states ; nothing has happened in europe .
a decisive feature of the last decades is the strong increase in the productivity of services in the united states ; nothing has happened in europe .

die internationale liberalisierung der finanzmärkte hat beispielsweise die nutzung umfassenderer und gezielterer entwicklungskredite , um die erwünschten wirtschaftlichen aktivitäten zu fördern , untergraben .
international financial liberalization , for example , has undermined the use of more inclusive and targeted developmental credit to promote desired economic activities .
the international liberalisation of the financial markets , for example , has undermined the use of more extensive and more targeted development loans to promote the desirable economic activities .
the international liberalisation of the financial markets has , for example , undermined the use of more comprehensive and targeted development loans to promote the desired economic activities .

die stellung der frauen hat sich verbessert und mädchen haben die gleichen bildungschancen . in vielen ländern besuchen schon mehr mädchen als buben die bildungseinrichtungen .
women &apos;s status has improved , and girls enjoy equal access to education , with even higher enrollment rates than boys in many countries .
the position of women has improved and girls have the same opportunities for education , and many countries have already visited girls more than boys of education .
women ’ s position has improved and girls have the same opportunities for education , and in many countries , more girls travel than the educational institutions .

außerdem war die türkei ein verantwortungsvolles mitglied in zahlreichen europäischen institutionen , und es gibt keinen grund anzunehmen , dass sich das als eu-mitglied ändern würde .
moreover , for decades turkey has been a responsible member of many european institutions , and there is no reason to believe that it would act differently in the eu .
moreover , turkey was a responsible member in many european institutions , and there is no reason to accept that this would change as an eu member .
furthermore , turkey was a responsible member in many european institutions and there is no reason to accept that this would change as an eu member .

die reaktion darauf war , zumindest bis zu dem zeitpunkt , als dieser artikel verfasst wurde , großteils ohrenbetäubendes schweigen .
the response , at least at the time of this column &apos;s writing , has mostly been deafening silence .
the response has been to do with , at least until the time when this article was written , a large part of ohrenic silence .
the response was to the response , at least until the time when this article was drafted , a large part of the silence of silence .

durch die momentane patriarchalische einstellung gegenüber den beitrittsländern droht nämlich ein europa der zwei geschwindigkeiten , das die integration schwieriger machen wird .
indeed , eu institutions &apos; current paternalistic stance towards the accession countries threatens to create a two-tier europe that will complicate the task of integration .
indeed , the current patriarchal attitude towards the candidate countries threatens a two-speed europe that will make integration more difficult .
by the current patriarchal attitude towards the candidate countries , a europe of two speeds , which will make integration more difficult .

die wahlen können durch einen verfassungszusatz legitimiert werden , der die amtszeit des präsidenten verkürzt , wie von jimmy carter in seinem letzten vermittlungsversuch vorgeschlagen .
elections can be made legitimate through a constitutional amendment shortening the presidential term , as proposed by jimmy carter in his recent mediation effort .
the elections can be legitimised by a constitutional addition , which reduces the president &apos;s term of office , as proposed by mrs carter in his last conciliation attempt .
the elections can be legitimised by a constitutional addition , which reduces the term of office of the president , as suggested by mr carter in his last conciliation attempt .

wenn man sich das resultat der sitzung des ezb-rates vom letzten monat ansieht , so scheint dieses gramm an vorsorge für die wirtschaft der eurozone kurz bevorzustehen .
judging from the outcome of last month &apos;s meeting of the ecb &apos;s governing council , that &quot; ounce of prevention &quot; appears to be right around the corner for the euro-zone economy .
if we look at the outcome of the governing council meeting last month , this gramme would seem to be a brief preference for the economy of the euro area .
if we look at the outcome of the council meeting of the governing council last month , this gram seems to be a brief priority for the economy of the euro area .

die ironie dabei war natürlich , dass die meisten der 15 alten mitgliedsstaaten , den neumitgliedern den vollen und unmittelbaren zugang zu den westlichen arbeitsmärkten verweigerten .
the irony , of course , was that most of the 15 old member states had refused to give the new members full and immediate access to the western job markets .
the irony was , of course , that most of the 15 old member states , the new members refused full and immediate access to the western labour markets .
the irony was , of course , that most of the 15 old member states , the new members , refused full and immediate access to the western labour markets .

eine aufgabe kann abgewickelt werden , doch wirtschaftswachstum verlangt mehr , als ein vorübergehendes strohfeuer von investitionen und unternehmerischen initiativen zu entzünden .
the job can be done , but economic growth requires more than eliciting a temporary boost in investment and entrepreneurship .
a task can be carried out , but economic growth requires more than a temporary fire of investment and entrepreneurship initiatives .
a task can be carried out , but economic growth requires more than a temporary electricity fire of investment and entrepreneurship initiatives .

der britische premierminister tony blair verblüffte die europäische politik mit seiner aussage vor dem europäischen parlament , er wäre ein &quot; leidenschaftlicher europäer &quot; .
tony blair , british prime minister , electrified the world of european politics by telling the european parliament that he was a &quot; passionate pro-european &quot; .
mr blair &apos;s british prime minister , mr blair , made the european policy with his statement to the european parliament , he would be a &apos; passionate europeans &apos; .
mr blair , the british prime minister , mr blair , expressed the european policy with his statement to the european parliament , he would be a &apos; passionate europeans &apos; .

die beschränkungen , denen die devisenkonten der exporteure unterlagen , werden aufgehoben , und banken können sich auf den überseeischen geld- und kreditmärkten betätigen .
limits on exporters &apos; foreign-currency accounts will be removed , and banks may invest in overseas money and debt markets .
the restrictions on the export records of exporters will be lifted and banks will be able to operate on the overseas monetary and credit markets .
the restrictions on the export accounts of exporters will be lifted , and banks can compete on the overseas and credit markets .

selbstverständlich werden diese befürchtungen von der hoffnung begleitet , dass strukturreformen und geldmengenexpansion harmonisch zusammenwirken und dabei beschäftigung und produktion ankurbeln , ohne die inflation stark zu erhöhen .
of course , these fears are accompanied by the hope that structural reforms and monetary expansion work in harmony , boosting employment and output without raising inflation by much .
of course , these fears are accompanied by the hope that structural reforms and monetary expansion will work together in a harmonious manner , thereby boosting employment and production , without increasing inflation .
of course , these fears are accompanied by the hope that structural reforms and monetary expansion will work together in a harmonious way and boost employment and production without increasing inflation .

in deutschland scheint die wählerschaft bereit zu sein , kanzler gerhard schröder aus missmut über seine lauwarme loyalität zum neoliberalen projekt aus dem amt zu werfen .
in germany , the electorate seems poised to eject chancellor gerhard schroeder out of discontent with his tepid allegiance to the neo-liberal project .
in germany , the electorate seems willing to be prepared to condemn chancellor gerhard schröder from misgivings about his warmest loyalty to the neoliberal project from the office .
in germany , the electorate seems to be prepared to put chancellor gerhard schröder out of the courage of his warmest loyalty to the neoliberal project in office .

als sich die eu-führer im letzten frühling trafen , um den fortschritt zu bewerten , wurde ihnen schmerzlich bewusst , dass das ziel der lissabon-strategie wahrscheinlich nicht erreicht würde .
when eu leaders met last spring to assess progress , they pitifully recognized that the lisbon strategy &apos;s goal was unlikely to be met .
when eu leaders met in the last spring to evaluate progress , they were painfully aware that the objective of the lisbon strategy would probably not be achieved .
when the eu leaders met last spring in order to assess progress , they have been seriously aware that the objective of the lisbon strategy would probably not be achieved .

in all diesen jahren bescheinigten die regierungen europas der türkei durchwegs die eignung zur vollmitgliedschaft und machten einen beitritt von der erfüllung der dafür notwendigen kriterien abhängig .
during all these years , european governments consistently confirmed turkey &apos;s eligibility for full membership , making accession dependent on compliance with membership criteria .
in all these years , the governments of europe of turkey agreed on the suitability of full membership and made accession conditional upon compliance with the necessary criteria .
in all these years , the governments of europe of turkey agreed on the status of full membership and powers of accession to meet the necessary criteria .

die welt braucht ein system rechtlicher bestimmungen - bilaterale und multilaterale abkommen sowie angemessene kontroll- und überwachungsinstitutionen , um den einsatz von gewalt aus humanitären gründen zu regulieren .
what the world needs is a system of legal injunctions--bilateral and multilateral agreements , as well as appropriate monitoring and supervisory institutions--to regulate the use of force for humanitarian reasons .
the world needs a system of legal provisions - bilateral and multilateral agreements , as well as appropriate control and monitoring institutions in order to regulate the use of violence for humanitarian reasons .
the world needs a system of legal provisions - bilateral and multilateral agreements , as well as adequate control and monitoring bodies in order to regulate the use of violence for humanitarian reasons .

der wichtigste faktor der einkommensungleichheit heute ist die vermögensungleichheit , wobei die wachsende konzentration von vermögensbesitz in den letzten jahren vor allem für die größere einkommensungleichheit in den meisten ländern verantwortlich ist .
the most important determinant of income inequality today is wealth inequality , with the increasing concentration of asset ownership in recent years principally responsible for greater income inequality in most countries .
the most important factor in income inequality today is the inequality of assets , with the growing concentration of assets in the last few years being responsible , above all , for greater income inequality in most countries .
the most important factor of income inequality today is the inequality of wealth , with the growing concentration of assets over recent years being responsible for greater income inequality in most countries .

vor allem hängt der erfolg aller umfassenden anstrengungen zur verbesserung der arzneimittelsicherheit vom einrichten einer unabhängigen behörde ab , die für die regulierungsagenda eintritt , sie koordiniert und ihr eine richtung gibt .
above all , the success of any comprehensive effort to improve drug safety hinges upon establishing an independent office of drug safety to advocate , coordinate , and provide direction to the regulatory agenda .
above all , the success of all the comprehensive efforts to improve the safety of medicinal products depends on the establishment of an independent authority that is in favour of the regulatory agenda , coordinating it and giving it a direction .
above all , the success of all the comprehensive efforts to improve the safety of medicines depends on the establishment of an independent authority to enter the regulatory agenda , coordinate it and give it a direction .

die größten politischen kämpfe werden zwischen nationalistisch-populistischen kräften , die in ihrem wesen undemokratisch sind , und kräften , die um eine reguläre demokratie kämpfen , ausgetragen .
the main political battles occur between nationalist / populist forces , whose outlook have in essence been undemocratic , and forces that struggle for standard democracy .
the greatest political fighting will be carried out between nationalist and populist forces , which are undemocratic in their nature , and forces fighting for a regular democracy .
the greatest political fighting will be shared between nationalist populist forces , which are undemocratic in their nature , and forces fighting for a regular democracy .

dieser kampf ist nun vorbei , aber nach meiner intervention müssen die moskauer behörden die negative haltung der öffentlichkeit gegenüber ihren bestrebungen , diese publikation zu vernichten , zur kenntnis nehmen .
that fight is not over , but after my intervention , moscow &apos;s authorities must take into account the public &apos;s negative attitude to their effort to quash this publication .
this fight is now over , but after my intervention , the moscow authorities must take note of the negative attitude of the public towards their efforts to destroy this publication .
this fight is now over , but , after my intervention , the moscow authorities must take note of the negative attitude of the public to their aspirations to destroy this publication .

drei dieser beitrittsländer - estland , lettland und litauen - haben ebenso wie bulgarien , das 2007 der eu beitreten soll , currency boards oder fixe wechselkurse gegenüber dem euro .
three of them--estonia , latvia , and lithuania--have currency boards or a fixed exchange rate with the euro , as does bulgaria , which is expected to enter the eu in 2007 .
three of these candidate countries - estonia , latvia and lithuania - have just as much as bulgaria , which is to join the eu in 2007 , boboxes or fixe exchange rates in relation to the euro .
three of these three candidate countries - estonia , latvia and lithuania - have , like bulgaria , which is to join the eu in 2007 , bobox or fixsis exchange rates with the euro .

die einwohner indiens können jetzt devisenkonten führen und in wertpapiere ausländischer firmen investieren . gleichzeitig dürfen inder im ausland ihre dort erworbenen oder geerbten vermögenswerte nach indien übertragen .
resident indians can now maintain a foreign-currency account and invest in shares of foreign companies , while non-resident indians can repatriate legacy / inheritance assets .
the inhabitants of india can now carry out currency accounts and invest in securities from foreign firms , while at the same time the assets acquired there abroad may be transferred to india for their own foreign or foreign assets .
the inhabitants of india can now lead to devisa accounts and invest in securities of foreign companies , while at the same time using the assets that have been acquired in india in foreign countries .

frankreichs widerstand gegen die syrische präsenz im libanon spiegelte zumindest teilweise die ernüchterung in bezug auf assads reformehrgeiz wider , und die europäische union hat ähnliche vorbehalte geäußert .
france &apos;s opposition to syria &apos;s presence in lebanon was at least partly a reflection of disenchantment with assad &apos;s reformist ambitions , and the european union has expressed similar reservations .
france &apos;s opposition to the syrian presence in lebanon at least partly reflects the misgivings about assyrian conscientiousness and the european union has expressed similar reservations .
france opposition to the syrian presence in lebanon at least partly reflects the humiliation of the humiliation in relation to assault majority , and the european union has expressed similar reservations .

im gegensatz dazu ist sogar das lateinamerikanische vorzeigeland chile eine hauptsächlich ressourcenbasierte exportökonomie geblieben , die sich hauptsächlich auf die ausfuhr von kupfer und landwirtschaftlichen produkten stützt .
by contrast , even latin america &apos;s star performer , chile , remains largely a resource-based export economy , with a heavy concentration in copper and agricultural exports .
contrary to this , even the latin american pre-american country of chile has remained a mainly resource export economy based mainly on the export of copper and agricultural products .
in contrast to this , the latin american ahead of chile has , in fact , remained a mainly resource export , which is based mainly on the export of beef and agricultural products .

auch im irak verfolgte bush eine unilaterale politik . er hatte behaupte , dass es unwiderlegbare beweise für eine beziehung zur al queda gegeben habe und dass saddam über massenvernichtungswaffen verfüge .
in iraq , bush again pursued a unilateralist agenda , saying that there was incontrovertible evidence of a link with al queda , and that saddam had weapons of mass destruction .
mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president-in-office of the council , mr bush has also pursued a unilateral policy , and he has said that there has been unreassuring evidence of a relationship with al queda and that saddam has had weapons of mass destruction .
in iraq too , bush was a unilateral policy , and he said that there was unlegalised evidence of a relationship with the queen , and that saddam has had weapons of mass destruction .

sie belebten den kampf gegen nationalsozialistischen und sowjetischen totalitarismus , faschismus und militärdiktatur ; in ihrem namen wurde das ende der kolonialisierung erreicht und minderheiten erhielten gleichberechtigung und würde .
such values animated the fight against nazi and soviet totalitarianism , fascism , and military dictatorship ; in their name , decolonization was achieved , and minorities gained equality and dignity .
they demonstrated the fight against national socialist and soviet totalitarianism , fascism and military dictatorship ; in their name , the end of colonialisation was achieved and minorities were given equal rights and dignity .
they demonstrated the fight against national socialist and soviet totalitarianism , fascism and military dictatorship ; in their name , the end of colonialisation has been achieved and minorities received equality and dignity .

ebenso wie bei astbury waren auch die beugemuster von trockenen kristallen , die bernal und dorothy crowfoot ( später hodgkin ) erhielten , von enttäuschender qualität .
bernal and dorothy crowfoot ( later hodgkin ) obtained patterns of the dry crystals , as astbury had , and with similarly disappointing results .
in the same way as in the case of astbury , the exploitation models of dry croats were also enjoyed by all those who received mountains and dorothy thy ( then hodgkin ) , disappointing quality .
as well as in astbury , the use of dry maturity , the berian and dorothy , ( then hodgkin ) , was also received by disappointing quality .

globalisierte märkte , schrankenloser handel , der militante islam , das erwachen chinas : dies sind die dinge , welche die historiker und strategen normalerweise als jene wesentlichen kräfte darstellen , die unser schicksal bestimmen .
globalized markets , unfettered trade , militant islam , china &apos;s awakening : these are the things historians and strategists usually portray as the key forces shaping our destiny .
global markets , sophisticated trade , militant islam , china : these are the things that the people of china usually represent as the main forces that determine our fate .
global markets , sophisticated trade , the militia of islam , china , which is the case : these are the things that the iranian and strategic leaders usually represent as those essential forces that determine our fate .

in den fortschrittlichsten ländern unserer welt freilich hat das versprechen materiellen wohlstands , den die freiheit erst möglich gemacht hat , die beachtung und verteidigung grundlegender demokratischer werte längst als das diese gesellschaften zusammenhaltende element abgelöst .
but in the world &apos;s most advanced countries , the promise of material prosperity that freedom made possible has long since replaced attention to and defense of fundamental democratic values as the cement of society .
in the most advanced countries in our world , the promise of material prosperity , which freedom has only been made possible , has long since disregarded respect and defence of fundamental democratic values as the element of these societies .
in the most advanced countries of our world , the promise of material prosperity , which has only been made possible , has long been the respect and defence of fundamental democratic values , which have been resolved by these societies .

warum soll eine politik , die nach genehmigung des sicherheitsrates für richtig befunden wurde , plötzlich falsch sein , nur weil das kommunistische china oder russland oder frankreich oder sonst eine horde unbedeutender diktaturen ihr die zustimmung verwehren ?
if a policy is right when the security council approves , how can it be wrong just because communist china or russia or france or a gaggle of minor dictatorships withhold approbation ?
why should a policy that was rightly considered to be wrong after the security council has been approved suddenly be wrong , simply because the communist china or russia or france or otherwise an insignificant dictatorships deny their approval ?
why should a policy which , under the approval of the security council , was rightly found to be wrong , simply because the communist china or russia or france , or otherwise , is to deny a hormone-led dictatorships their approval ?

fünf jahre sind seit den terroranschlägen auf new york und washington vom 11. september 2001 vergangen , und trotzdem scheint es , dass unsere politischen entscheidungsträger wenig darüber gelernt haben , wie terrorzellen funktionieren und was ihre schwächen sind .
five years have passed since the terrorist attacks on new york and washington of september , 2001 , yet it seems that policymakers have learned little about how terrorist cells operate , and what their weaknesses are .
five years have passed since the terrorist attacks on new york and washington on 11 september 2001 , and yet it seems that our political decision-makers have learned little about how terrorist cells work and what their weaknesses are .
five years have passed since the terrorist attacks on new york and washington on 11 september 2001 , and yet it seems that our political leaders have learned little about how terrorist cells function and what their weaknesses are .

jeder ansatz muss auf die umstände des jeweiligen landes und auf die bedürfnisse seiner bevölkerung zugeschnitten sein , doch gibt es grundsätzlich keine einschränkungen für die planung von investitionen zur wasserwirtschaftlichen erschließung , die schnelle und reale vorteile für die gemeinden vor ort und die umwelt sicherstellen .
any approach must be tailored to the circumstances of each country and the needs of its people , but there is no fundamental constraint to designing water development investments that ensure that local communities and the environment gain tangible and early benefits .
any approach must be tailored to the circumstances of the country in question and to the needs of its population , but there are basically no restrictions on the planning of investment in the closure of water , rapid and real benefits for local communities and the environment .
any approach must be reduced to the circumstances of the country and the needs of its population , but there are no restrictions on the planning of investment in water closure , rapid and real benefits for local communities and the environment .

damit das chinesische &quot; wunder &quot; auch tatsächlich wundertätig wird , würde es der chinesischen parteiführung nicht schaden , sich über das werk eines mannes kundig zu machen , dessen vermächtnis sie anscheinend am liebsten in vergessenheit geraten ließe .
for china &apos;s &quot; miracle &quot; to truly become miraculous , party leaders could do worse than study the record of a man whose legacy they now seem eager to push into oblivion .
in order for the chinese miracle to become truly wonderful , it would not harm the chinese party &apos;s leadership to look at the work of a man whose legacy it seems to be forgotten .
in order to ensure that the chinese &apos; miracle &apos; is actually a miracle , it would not damage the chinese party leadership to turn into the work of a man who seems to be the most vulnerable of them .

auch wird die wertvolle rolle erkannt , welche die zivilgesellschaft spielt , indem sie gemeinschaften , welche die regierung nicht erreichen kann , eine stimme verleiht . doch wird ihre beziehung zur regierung und zur wirtschaft oft als konflikt geladen und weniger als kooperativ charakterisiert .
the valuable role of civil society in giving voice to communities that governments cannot reach is also recognized , but its relationship with government and business is often characterized more by conflict than cooperation .
it also recognises the valuable role played by civil society , by giving the communities that the government cannot achieve , a vote , but its relationship with the government and the economy is often seen as conflict and less cooperative .
it also recognises the valuable role played by civil society by giving a voice to communities that cannot achieve the government , but their relationship with the government and the economy is often regarded as a conflict and less cooperative .

die entwicklung einer embryonenhaften &quot; globalen zivilgesellschaft &quot; erhöht die nachfrage nach universellen , charismatischen figuren , die hoffnung auf eine übernahme der verantwortung für unsere welt machen , von denen jedoch zugleich ein populistischer beiklang ausgeht .
the emergence of an embryonic &quot; world civil society &quot; heightens demand for universal and charismatic figures , holding out the hope of global accountability , but also carrying populist overtones .
the development of a embryonic &apos; global civil society &apos; increases demand for universal , charismatic agencies , the hope of taking responsibility for our world , but at the same time it is a populist teeth .
the development of an embryonic &apos; global civil society &apos; increases the demand for universal , charismatis , who hope to take responsibility for our world , but which , at the same time , represents a populist .

bei einem besuch in auschwitz sagte der papst : , , ich spreche im namen aller , deren rechte irgendwo auf der welt nicht anerkannt und verletzt werden , ich spreche , weil ich und weil wir alle der wahrheit verpflichtet sind &quot; .
then , in auschwitz , the pope said : &quot; i speak in the name of everyone whose rights go unrecognized and violated anywhere in the world , i speak because i am bound , we are all bound , by truth . &quot;
on a visit to auschwitz , the pope said : , on behalf of all those whose rights are not recognised and violated anywhere in the world , i am speaking because i and because we are all committed to the truth &apos; .
in a visit to aulitz , the pope said : i speak on behalf of all whose rights are not recognised and violated anywhere in the world , because i am speaking because i and because we are all committed to the truth &apos; .

vor seinem aufstieg zum ministerpräsidenten und später zum parteichef experimentierte zhao in sämtlichen bereichen : das reichte von der dekollektivierung der landwirtschaft und der trennung zwischen partei und wirtschaft bis hin zu gesetzen über garantierte rechte von journalisten sowie eine größere offenheit gewöhnlicher menschen gegenüber der restlichen welt .
before becoming premier and party chief , he experimented with everything from the de-collectivization of agriculture and separation of the party from business to laws guaranteeing the rights of journalists and greater openness toward the outside world for ordinary people .
before his opening up to the prime minister and later to the party leader , mr menzhao , in all areas : the wealth of agriculture and the separation between the party and the economy to laws on the guaranteed rights of journalists , as well as a greater openness of ordinary people towards the rest of the world .
before the prime minister began , and later on , the party of menf menzhao , in all areas : the wealth of the decollective movement of agriculture and the separation between the party and the economy to laws on guaranteed rights of journalists and greater openness towards ordinary people in the rest of the world .

als die briten sich auf diese raue wirklichkeit eingestellt hatten , leiteten sie die klägliche endphase ihrer verhandlungsführung mit bornierten , knauserigen , und haarspalterischen vorschlägen ein , die in erster linie darauf ausgerichtet waren , hauptsächlich auf kosten der neuen mitgliedsstaaten britischen interessen zu dienen .
so when the british came to terms with this harsh reality , they played out the lamentable end-game of their management of the negotiations with small-minded cheese-paring and logic-chopping offers , all designed primarily to safeguard narrow british interests , mainly at the expense of the new member states .
when the british had put an end to this smoke-free reality , they focused on the paralysed phase of their negotiating leadership with bornite , grass , sophisticated , and vid proposals , which were primarily aimed at serving mainly the costs of the new member states &apos; interests .
as the british , they had been on this smoke , they set the final phase of their negotiating leadership with bornite , sophisticated , sophisticated and mediumpable proposals , which were primarily aimed at primarily at promoting british interests at the expense of the new member states .

die palästinensische führung könnte ebenfalls den schwierigen weg einschlagen , den flüchtlingen zu erklären , dass sie -- entgegen der 50-jährigen palästinensischen propaganda -- nicht nach israel zurückkehren werden , sondern im westjordanland und im gazastreifen angesiedelt werden müssen , den gegenden , die teil des endgültigen palästinensischen staates werden .
the palestinian leadership could also start down the difficult road of telling the refugees that -- contrary to almost 50 years of palestinian propaganda -- they will not return to israel , but will have to be settled in the west bank and gaza , the areas that will become part of the eventual palestinian state .
the palestinian leadership could also take the difficult path to explain to the refugees that they will not return to israel - contrary to the 50-year-old palestinian propaganda - but will have to be located in the west bank and gaza in the gaza strip , the regions that will become part of the final palestinian state .
the palestinian leadership could also take the difficult path to explain to refugees that , contrary to the 50-year palestinian propaganda , they will not return to israel , but in the west bank and gaza strip , the areas that will become part of the final palestinian state .

seit 1991 hat indien den weg von der abwertung der rupie weg und in richtung auf die volle wechselkursfreigabe beschritten . dabei hat die indische notenbank ( rbi ) schon eine reihe von handelsbeschränkungen für devisen gelockert .
since 1991 india has been travelling on a path from rupee devaluation to full convertibility , with the reserve bank of india ( rbi ) relaxing a range of foreign-exchange controls .
since 1991 , india has paved the way for the devaluation of the unscrupulous path and towards the full exchange rate release , with the indian federal reserve ( rbi ) bank already relaxed a series of trade restrictions on currency exchange .
india has , since 1991 , taken the path of the devaluation of the unscrupulous approach and towards the full exchange rate exchange rate , which has been relaxed to the indian noesc bank ( rn ) , a number of trade restrictions on foreign currency restrictions .

im jahr 1933 vertrat irving fisher --milton friedmans vorgänger an der spitze der monetaristischen bewegung amerikas -- die ansicht , dass eine große depression vermeidbar sei , wenn die regierungen die deflation eindämmten .
back in 1933 irving fisher --milton friedman &apos;s predecessor atop america &apos;s monetarist school of economists-- announced that governments could prevent deep depressions by avoiding deflation .
in 1933 , in 1933 , in the 1933 irish fishramans , the leading head of the monetary arist movement of america - the view is that a great depression would be possible if the governments stopped the deflation .
in 1933 , in 1933 , irlt milan mo-millan-milan predecessor at the top of the monetary arist movement of america - the view that a great depression is impossible if the governments cut off the deflation .

dass orban stoibers forderung unterstützte , war so etwas wie ein gottesgeschenk für den nationalisten vladimir meciar in seinem streben , noch einmal zum premierminister gewählt zu werden , denn so konnte er argumentieren , sein innerpolitischen rivalen bereiteten sich darauf vor , dem druck von der eu nachzugeben und die slowakei zu zwingen , die von benes 1945 vertriebenen ungarn zu entschädigen .
that orban seconded stoiber &apos;s demands came as something of a gift from god to the slovak nationalist vladimir meciar in his bid to become prime minister once more , as it allowed him to argue that his domestic opponents were preparing to surrender to eu pressure and force slovakia to compensate the hungarians expelled by benes in 1945 .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , mr president of the commission , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to say that i would like to say that i am in favour of the rapporteur &apos;s desire to be once again elected to the prime minister , because he was able to argue that his domestic political rivalry was prepared to put pressure on the eu and force slovakia to compensate the people of 1945 who were displaced by the displaced by hungary .
the call for orban stoistoider , as a gottk for the nationalists , to seek once again to be elected to prime minister , because he could argue that his political visit to the eu should be given the pressure of the eu and force slovakia to compensate for the displaced persons of hungary in 1945 .

als sein bizarrer und ungeplanter auftritt auf dem tiananmen-platz am nächsten morgen im chinesischen zentralfernsehen gezeigt wurde -- in den letzten tagen der unzensurierten medienberichterstattung -- waren menschen in ganz china betroffen über diesen flüchtigen moment des allzu menschlichen und doch offiziellen ausdrucks von seelenpein .
when his bizarre and unscheduled appearance in the square was broadcast on central chinese television the next morning -- during one of the last days of uncensored media coverage -- people across china were stunned by this fleeting moment of all-too-human , official anguish .
in the next place in the middle of the day in china - in the last few days of uncensured media reports - people in china were all affected by these flights at the very moment of the human misery and implanting on the tiananananmen square in the middle of the next day in the middle of chinese television - in the last few days of the uncensorship of media reports - they were affected by these people throughout china , throughout china , all of these flights of the wing of the human soul and an official soul of the moment .
in the near future , chinese television broadcasts , in the last few days , have been shown , in the last few days , the media reporting reports , in china , have been affected by these rivers over these flights , not to mention the official and official pressure of an official time .

