ein einzelnes instrument wird nicht überall ansprechen .
no single instrument will work everywhere .
a single instrument will not be addressed everywhere .
an individual instrument will not be addressed everywhere .

warum läuft es in deutschland derart schlecht ?
why has germany performed so badly ?
why is it so bad in germany ?
why is it so bad in germany ?

ist blair also ein föderalist ?
is blair a federalist , then ?
is blair therefore a federalist ?
so mr blair is a federer ?

wir werden es nie erfahren .
we will never know .
we will never know it .
we will never know it .

dies jedoch ist unfair .
but that is unfair .
however , this is unfair .
however , this is unfair .

darüber hinaus fehlte diesen kleinen operationen ein gemeinsamer innerer aufbau .
those small operations also lacked a common internal design .
moreover , these small operations have failed to build a common internal structure .
moreover , these small operations have failed to build a common internal structure .

die muslimische bevölkerung der türkei ruft die stärksten emotionen hervor .
it is turkey &apos;s muslim population that creates the strongest emotions .
the muslim population of turkey calls for the strongest emotions .
the muslim population of turkey calls for the strongest emotions .

pendelt sich das politische spektrum in osteuropa gerade ein ?
is eastern europe &apos;s political pendulum about to run down ?
is the political spectrum in eastern europe just one ?
is the political spectrum in eastern europe just one ?

ein eu-beitritt der türkei bedeutet sowohl chancen als auch herausforderungen .
turkish eu membership presents both opportunities and challenges .
turkey &apos;s accession to the eu means both opportunities and challenges .
turkey &apos;s accession to the eu means both opportunities and challenges .

neue technologien werden ein wesentlicher bestandteil der lösung sein .
new technologies will provide a key part of the solution .
new technologies will be an essential part of the solution .
new technologies will be an essential part of the solution .

und gerade jetzt heißt das : sag geradeheraus , nein &apos; zu präsident bush .
right now , this entails `just saying no &apos; to president bush .
that is precisely what this means : &apos; no &apos; to president bush .
that is what is now saying : &apos; no &apos; to president bush .

betrachten wir den rückgang der fischbestände in den meeren infolge der überfischung .
consider also the depletion of ocean fisheries through over-fishing .
let us look at the decline in fish stocks in the seas as a result of overfishing .
we look at the reduction in fish stocks in the more meagre as a result of overfishing .

auf ähnliche fortschritte der versorgungsketten im großhandel entfallen weitere 25 % !
similar advances in wholesaling supply chains account for another 25 % !
another 25 % is due to the similar progress of supply chains in large trade !
further 25 % of the supply chains in large trade !

mehr als andere länder war lateinamerika das produkt einer gewaltsamen eroberung .
more than most places , latin america was born in violent conquest .
more than other countries , latin america was the product of violence .
more than other countries , latin america has been the product of violence .

aufgrund der sinkenden wahlbeteiligung ist dies so gut wie unmöglich .
but rising abstention makes this virtually impossible .
this is as good as possible due to the falling turnout .
this is as good as possible as possible because of the low turnout .

tatsächlich konkurrieren länder nicht genauso gegen einander , wie das firmen tun .
indeed , countries do not compete against each other in the way that firms do .
in fact , countries are not competing equally against each other , as companies are doing .
in fact , countries do not compete equally against each other , such as companies .

die neuen mitgliedsländer rechneten damit , in beiden bereichen wesentlich von diesem eu-system zu profitieren .
on both counts , the new member states expected to benefit substantially from the eu system .
the new member states expected to benefit substantially from this eu system in both areas .
the new member states were looking to benefit significantly from this eu system in both areas .

dennoch müssen wir sehen , dass diese generationenfragen den heutigen wirtschaftlichen problemen zugrunde liegen .
still , we need to face squarely the intergenerational issues at the core of today &apos;s economic dilemmas .
nevertheless , we must see that these generational issues are based on today &apos;s economic problems .
nevertheless , we must see that these generosity issues are based on the current economic problems .

sollten also alle länder abberufungserfahren einführen , um die legitimität der regierungen zu erhalten ?
so should every country adopt a recall procedure to maintain the legitimacy of governments ?
should all the countries therefore be able to obtain appeal in order to obtain the legitimacy of the governments ?
therefore , should all countries be able to get out of work in order to obtain the legitimacy of governments ?

regierungen könnten sich entschließen , wieder so handeln , vor allem bei wachsenden staatsschulden .
governments could decide to act this way again , especially if national debts grow bigger .
governments could decide , again , to act in such a way , especially in the case of growing public debt .
governments could decide , again , to act in such a way , especially in terms of growing public debt .

in der islamischen welt erscheinen zahllose texte im bereich der strategischen dschihadstudien .
scores of texts are appearing in the muslim world on jihadi strategic studies .
there are countless texts in the islamic world in the field of strategic jihain studies .
unpaid texts in the islamic world appear in the field of strategic hajd studies .

während seine demokratische gesinnung zwar in zweifel gezogen werden kann , kann man ihm kein offen autoritäres
while his democratic credentials are dubious , he has not
while his democratic attitude may be called into question , he cannot be openly authoritarian .
while his democratic attitude can be raised in doubt , it cannot be made open to him .

die schärfe der politischen angriffe auf die ezb könnte gefährliche gerüchte über die einschränkung ihrer unabhängigkeit auslösen .
the sharpness of political attacks on the ecb might trigger dangerous talk about restricting its independence .
the stricter political attacks on the ecb could cause dangerous rumours about the restriction of their independence .
the increase in the political attacks on the ecb could cause dangerous rumours on the restriction of its independence .

sie sind es vor allem dann , wenn wir die kultur als den kitt der europäischen zukunft betrachten .
they are particularly difficult if we see culture as the cement of europe &apos;s future .
they are , above all , when we look at culture as the knees of the future of europe .
they are above all when we look at culture as the european future .

mein büro widmet tschetschenien die größtmögliche aufmerksamkeit , obwohl das von moskau aus kein leichtes unterfangen ist .
my office pays maximum attention to chechnya , although this is not easy to do from moscow .
my office , met chechnya , pays the greatest attention , even though moscow is not an easy undertaking .
my office addresses chechnya as much attention as possible , despite the fact that moscow is not a easy undertaking .

wie in anderen postkommunistischen ländern war der hauptnutznießer dieser mangelnden einheit die demokratische linke .
as in other postcommunist countries , the main beneficiary of such a lack of unity has been the democratic left .
as in other post-communist countries , the main beneficiaries of this lack of unity were the democratic left .
as in other post-communist countries , the main beneficiaries of this lack of unity were the democratic left .

die klassische musikwelt in amerika orientiert sich mit ausnahme der finanzierungsfrage beinahe in allen belangen an europa .
american symphonic life is euro-centric in almost every respect except for its funding .
the classic music world in america is based on the exception of the financing issue almost all over europe .
the classic music world in america is based on the exception of the financing issue almost in all the long of europe .

nichts davon konnte den rest der welt überzeugen . dort wird der krieg mit einer mischung aus verachtung und besorgnis verfolgt .
none of this swayed the rest of the world , which views the war with disdain and alarm .
nothing could convince the rest of the world , where the war is followed by a mixture of contempt and concern .
nothing has been able to convince the rest of the world , where the war is being pursued with a mixture of respect and concern .

mit dieser gleichgültigkeit wird es bald vorbei sein , denn es steht eine entscheidung über das schicksal der provinz an .
that inattention will end soon ; a decision about the province &apos;s fate is looming .
this indifference will soon be over , because it is a decision on the fate of the province .
this indifference will soon be over , because it is a decision on the fate of the province .

bis jetzt hat der präsident in bezug auf den irak , den libanon und in inneren angelegenheiten eine harte linie verfolgt .
until now , the president has toed a hard line on iraq , on lebanon , and in domestic affairs .
until now , the president has followed a hard line with regard to iraq , lebanon and internal affairs .
until now , the president has followed a hard line with regard to iraq , lebanon and internal affairs .

aber sie wissen nicht , wann sie mental auf die bremse treten und anderen standpunkten gegenüber zugeständnisse machen müssen .
but they don &apos;t know when to slam the mental brakes by making concessions to other points of view .
however , you do not know when you will have to put a brake on the brakes and make other positions on concessions .
however , you do not know when you need to take on the brakes and make concessions to other positions .

bisher hat noch keine gesellschaft eine allgemein anerkannte methode hervorgebracht , wie man den vorhersagen von experten auf der spur bleibt .
no society has yet created a widely trusted method for keeping score on the punditocracy .
so far , no society has produced a generally recognised method as to how to keep the forecasts of experts on the spur .
so far , no society has yet established a generally recognised method , as has been said by experts on the sps .

vor fünfzig jahren , am 25. april 1953 , veröffentlichten james watson und francis crick im wissenschaftsmagazin
fifty years ago , on april 25 , 1953 , james watson and francis crick published a short letter in the science magazine
fifty years ago , on 25 april 1953 , james watson and francis read in the scientific magazine
fifty years ago , on 25 april 1953 , jean watson and francis deck in science magazine

gleichzeitig blockiert europa wieder fortschritte in der doha-runde der welthandelsgespräche , da seine agrarlobby um die aufrechterhaltung ihrer subventionen kämpft .
at the same time , europe is again blocking progress in the doha round of world trade talks , with the farmers &apos; lobby fighting to preserve its subsidies .
at the same time , europe is once again blocking progress in the doha round of world trade talks , as its agricultural lobby is fighting to maintain its subsidies .
at the same time , europe is again blocking progress in the doha round of world trade talks , as its agricultural lobby is fighting for maintaining its subsidies .

dass die amerikaner diese summe bezahlen , legt den schluss nahe , dass der wert dieser einsatzbereitschaft höher ist als ihre kosten .
that americans are willing to pay this suggests that the option value exceeds the costs .
the fact that the americans pay this sum suggests that the value of this commitment is higher than their costs .
the fact that the americans pay this sum is close to the conclusion that the value of this operation is higher than its costs .

gemeinsam mit partnern unterstützt die weltbank finanzstrategien , die den entwicklungsländern helfen sollen , die durch den klimawandel entstehenden kosten zu tragen .
working with partners , the world bank is supporting financial strategies to assist developing countries in meeting the costs caused by climate change .
together with partners , the world bank supports financial strategies aimed at helping developing countries to bear the costs incurred by climate change .
together with partners , the world bank supports the financial policies aimed at helping developing countries to bear the cost of climate change .

die vorstellung , dass die amerikaner in allem besser geworden sind , während in anderen wohlhabenden ländern stillstand herrschte , ist somit völlig irreführend .
the notion that americans have gotten better at everything while other rich countries have stood still is thus wildly misleading .
the idea that the americans have become better in all , while in other wealthy countries , it is therefore totally misleading .
the idea that the americans have become better in everything , while in other prosperous countries , is therefore completely misleading .

zum ersten mal in der jüngeren geschichte koreas waren zentrale probleme des landes gegenstand der diskussionen im wahlkampf und nicht parteien oder deren vertreter .
for the first time in modern korean history , the presidential campaign actually debated the central issues facing the country , rather than focussing on parties and personalities .
for the first time in the recent history of korea , key problems of the country were the subject of discussions in the election campaign and not parties or their representatives .
for the first time in the recent history of korea , central problems of the country were the subject of discussions in the election campaign and not parties or their representatives .

eine einzigartige herausforderung ist die malaria , und zwar großteils aufgrund der afrikanischen mückenarten , die die krankheit besonders stark verbreiten .
malaria poses a unique challenge , owing in large part to africa &apos;s mosquito species , which are especially adept at transmitting the disease .
a unique challenge is malaria , partly because of the african tireless species that are particularly widely disseminated by the disease .
a unique challenge is malaria , and this is a large part of the african tireless species , which are particularly spread the disease .

das wachstumsziel der beitrittsländer ist offensichtlich der einzige imperativ in brüssel , bei der makroökonomischen stabilität hat man es nicht so eilig .
the objective of growth for the accession countries is apparently the sole imperative in brussels ; macroeconomic stability can wait .
the growth objective of the candidate countries is obviously the only imperative in brussels , where macroeconomic stability is not so hasty .
the growth objective of the candidate countries is obviously the only one in brussels , where macroeconomic stability is not so easing .

teile der opposition in deutschland würden viel darum geben , dasselbe mit bundeskanzler gerhard schröder tun zu können , obwohl sie ( noch !
some members of the opposition in germany would dearly love to do the same to chancellor gerhard schröder , though they have not ( yet !
parts of the opposition in germany would do a great deal to be able to do the same with chancellor gerhard schröder , even though they ( even more !
some parts of the opposition in germany would be much to be able to do the same with chancellor gerhard schröder , even though they are still .

für die amerikaner stellt sich darüber hinaus die frage , was sie tun sollen , wenn das phänomen der großeinkaufsmärkte seinen lauf genommen hat .
for americans , there is the additional question of what to do when the big-box store phenomenon has run its course .
in addition , the americans are asking what they are supposed to do if the phenomenon of large-scale purchases has taken its course .
in addition , the americans are asking what they should do if the phenomenon of major purchases has taken its course .

die europäer unterwarfen die amerindianischen völker und brachten massenhaft sklaven aus afrika vor allem in die karibik und nach brasilien .
europeans subdued amerindian populations and also brought in massive numbers of slaves from africa , especially to the caribbean basin and brazil .
europeans are waiting for the ameran peoples and brought mass slaves from africa , especially in the caribbean and brazil .
europeans undergo the ameran peoples and had mass slaves from africa , especially in the caribbean and brazil .

abgesehen von partnerschaften schaffen internationale institutionen einen mehrwert - vorausgesetzt , sie sind effektiv organisiert , haben realistische aufträge und ihre mitglieder sind gemeinsamen normen und zielen verpflichtet .
beyond partnerships , international institutions add value-provided they are effectively organized , have realistic mandates , and contain members that are committed to common norms and aims .
apart from partnerships , international institutions create added value , provided they are organised effectively , realistic contracts and their members are obliged to comply with common standards and objectives .
apart from partnerships , international institutions create added value - provided they are effectively organised , realistic contracts and their members are committed to common standards and objectives .

länder wie thailand , die das gefühl hatten , ihre finanzsituation selbst bewältigen zu können , ersuchten , die hilfe anderen zukommen zu lassen .
countries , like thailand , that felt that they could handle the finances on their own asked that assistance be directed to others .
countries such as thailand , which had the feeling that they could manage their financial situation themselves , were asked to provide aid to others .
countries such as thailand , which had the feeling that their financial situation could be able to cope with themselves , were needed to provide assistance to others .

jedenfalls gibt es nach sharons logik keine zukunft für die 9.000 jüdischen siedler , die im gazastreifen zwischen 1,2 millionen palästinensern leben .
certainly , according to sharon &apos;s thinking , there is no future for 9,000 jewish settlers living among 1.2 million palestinians in the gaza strip .
in any case , according to sharon , there is no future for the 9000 jewish settlers living in the gaza strip between 1.2 million palestinians .
in any case , after sharks , there is no future for the 9000 jewish thousands of jews who live in gaza between 1.2 million palestinians .

die verwirrung wurde vollkommen durch die existenz von relativ starken nationalistischen und populistischen parteien , die sich der großen zahl an polnischen bauern als ihrer stammwählerschaft bedienen .
the confusion has been made complete by the existence of relatively strong nationalist and populist parties that use the numerous polish farmers as their electoral base .
the confusion has been completely caused by the existence of relatively strong nationalist and populist parties that use the large number of polish farmers as their electorate .
the confusion has been completely caused by the existence of relatively strong nationalist and populist parties that use the large number of polish farmers as their electorate .

ihre überlegungen spiegeln das wirtschaftliche denken von vor fünfzig jahren wider , als ökonomen zu dem schluss kamen , dass deflation unter allen umständen zu vermeiden sei .
their thoughts retrace the economic thinking of over fifty years ago , a time when economists concluded that the thing to do with deflation was to avoid it like the plague .
your thoughts reflect the economic thinking of fifty years ago , when the economy came to the conclusion that deflation was avoided under all circumstances .
your thoughts reflect the economic thinking of 50 years ago when economic thinking came to the conclusion that deflation was avoided under all circumstances .

im hinblick auf den irak hat damaskus seit dem fall bagdads am 9. april 2003 dem alten system in unangemessener weise nachgetrauert .
in iraq , since the fall of baghdad on april 9 , 2003 , damascus has shown undue nostalgia for the old system .
with regard to iraq , since the case of bagdads on 9 april 2003 , the old system has been dragging its feet in an inadequate manner .
as far as iraq is concerned , then the old system , since the case of baghvy on 9 april 2003 , has been unsuitable .

ob der sicherheitsrat die unabhängigkeit genehmigt , hängt großenteils davon ab , ob ein russisches veto verhindert werden kann , wozu erhebliche diplomatische bemühungen notwendig sein werden .
whether the security council will approve independence largely depends on averting a russian veto , which will require considerable diplomatic effort .
whether the security council approves independence depends on whether a russian veto can be prevented , which will require significant diplomatic efforts .
whether the security council approved independence depends on whether a russian veto can be prevented , which will require significant diplomatic efforts .

in der tat werden viele europäer und andere holmes &apos; videosimulation über die ausbreitung von wal-mart als einen horrorfilm ansehen .
indeed , many europeans , and others , will view holmes &apos;s video simulation of wal-mart &apos;s spread as a horror film .
indeed , many europeans and other holmes are regarded as a horrifying film for the spread of wal-mart .
indeed , many europeans and other holes &apos; videoes will see the spread of forest mart as a horse .

nach der zahlungsbilanzkrise des jahres 1991 wurde die rupie um etwa 20 % abgewertet . exporteure konnten nur 30 % ihres gewinnes zum tageskurs umtauschen .
following the 1991 balance of payments crisis , the rupee &apos;s exchange rate was devalued around 20 % .
following the balance of payments crisis in 1991 , the unscrupulous rate was reduced by around 20 % , and exporters were able to exchange only 30 % of their profits on the daily course .
following the year &apos;s payments crisis in 1991 , the unscrupulous value of around 20 % has been assessed , and export exporters were able to exchange only 30 % of their profit in the course of the day .

trotzdem sind sie gegen wasserkatastrophen nicht gefeit , wie uns die verwüstung von new orleans durch hurrikan katrina gelehrt hat .
even so , they are not immune to water-related disasters , as hurricane katrina &apos;s destruction of new orleans taught us .
nevertheless , they are not struggling against hydrocarbons , as has taught us the devastation of new orleans by hurricane katrinrina .
nevertheless , they are not cowarted against hydrogen disasters , as we have seen the devastation of new orleans by hurricane cata .

seit drei jahre verfolgt amerikas präsident eine unilaterale politik . er übergeht jeden hinweis , der seinen einstellungen widerspricht und räumt grundlegende und seit langem geltende amerikanische prinzipien beiseite .
for three years , america &apos;s president has pursued a unilateralist agenda , ignoring all evidence that contradicts his positions , and putting aside basic and longstanding american principles .
mr president , president of america has been pursuing a unilateral policy for three years , and he goes beyond any reference that contradicts its attitudes and recognises fundamental principles that have been in place for a long time .
for three years now , president america has been pursuing a unilateral policy , and he goes beyond any reference that contradicts his attitudes and recognises fundamental principles , which have been in force for a long time .

jetzt sieht es allerdings so aus , als ob ich am ende doch recht haben könnte -- zumindest habe ich recht , mich zu sorgen oder sogar in panik zu geraten .
now , though , it looks like i may finally be right -- or at least right to worry , if not to panic .
however , it now looks as if i could have the right at the end of the day - at least i have the right to concern myself or even to get into panic .
now , however , it is as if i could have the right at the end of the day - at least i have the right to worry or even go into panic .

eine gefahr für russlands strategische stabilität ist eine raketenabwehr nicht , der ungeschickte umgang mit ihr ist aber eine gefahr für die politische berechenbarkeit .
missile defense is not a threat to us-russian strategic stability ; its mishandling is a threat to political predictability .
a threat to russia &apos;s strategic stability is not a threat to missile defence , but it is a threat to political predictability .
a threat to russia &apos;s strategic stability is not a missile defence , but it is a threat to political predictability .

interessanterweise zeigt das video , wie sich die geschäfte wie die blätter einer blume ausbreiten , die immer dicker werden und sich ausdehnen .
interestingly , the video shows how the stores spread out like petals of a flower , ever thickening and expanding .
it is interesting to note that video is showing how business like the blows of a bloodshed , which is becoming increasingly divorced and extended .
it is very interesting that the video shows how business such as the breadings of a bloodshed that is becoming increasingly divorced and extended .

die neue bundesregierung , die die deutschen aller wahrscheinlichkeit nach im september wählen werden , steht vor der schwierigen aufgabe , die bevölkerung mit der tatsächlichen lage zu konfrontieren und die notwendigen reformen durchzusetzen .
the new government that voters will most likely elect in september will be confronted with the difficult task of confronting germans with reality and pushing through the necessary reforms .
the new federal government , which is likely to be elected by germany after september , is facing the difficult task of helping the population to face up to the real situation and to implement the necessary reforms .
the new federal government , which is likely to vote in favour of the german government after september , is the difficult task to resolve the people with the real situation and to implement the necessary reforms .

einige dieser veränderungen sind wichtig , aber die haltung der reichen länder ist dabei einseitig : sie konzentrieren sich auf alles mögliche , nur nicht auf die finanzierung und einführung praktischer technologien zur lösung praktischer probleme .
some of these changes are important , but the role of the rich countries has been lopsided , focusing on everything except how to finance and introduce practical technologies to solve practical problems .
some of these changes are important , but the attitude of the rich countries is one-sided : they focus on everything possible , not only on financing and introducing practical technologies to solve practical problems .
some of these changes are important , but the attitude of the rich countries is one-sided : they focus on everything possible , not only on financing and introducing practical technologies to solve practical problems .

zudem werden durch den einzug von großeinkaufsmärkten in eine gemeinde seit langem etablierte einzelhändler verdrängt , was ihren charakter oft traumatisch verändert .
and the entry of big-box stores into a community crushes long-established retailers , often traumatically transforming their character .
in addition , the entry of large purchases into a community which has been established for a long time , individual retailers are being forced into , which often makes their nature more traumatic .
in addition , the introduction of large purchases in a public service has been forced into a long-established individual retailers , which often changes their character .

wir halten uns dabei nicht nur an die in der russischen verfassung dargelegten standards , sondern auch an internationale rechtsprinzipien und menschenrechtsnormen , selbst wenn diese im widerspruch zu unserer verfassung stehen .
the standards we apply are not only those contained in russia &apos;s constitution , but also international legal principles and human rights norms , even if they sometimes contradict our constitution .
we do not only respect the standards set out in the russian constitution , but also international legal principles and human rights standards , even if they contradict our constitution .
we do not only stick to the standards set out in the russian constitution , but also to international legal principles and human rights standards , even if they are contrary to our constitution .

in lateinamerika haben ungefähr 15 % der bevölkerung -- etwa 76 millionen menschen -- keinen zugang zu sicherem wasser , und 116 millionen menschen haben keinen zugang zu sanitären einrichtungen .
in latin america , about 15 % of the population -- roughly 76 million people -- do not have access to safe water , and 116 million people do not have access to sanitation services .
in latin america approximately 15 % of the population - around 76 million people - have no access to safe water , and 116 million people have no access to sanitation .
in latin america , around 15 % of the population - around 76 million people - have no access to safe water , and 116 million people have no access to sanitation facilities .

die eu muss sich dabei entscheiden , ob sie ein geschlossener &quot; christlicher club &quot; oder eine offene , alle einbeziehende gesellschaft sein will , die ihre stärke aus der kulturellen und religiösen vielfalt bezieht .
as for the eu , it must decide whether it wants to be a closed &quot; christian club &quot; or an open and inclusive society , drawing strength from cultural and religious diversity .
the eu must decide whether it wishes to be a coherent &apos; christian club &apos; or an open society , an open society , which includes its strength from cultural and religious diversity .
the eu must decide whether it wants to be a coherent &apos; christian club &apos; or an open society , all of which refers to its strength from cultural and religious diversity .

momentan unterstützt die südkoreanische wählerschaft - die offenbar immun gegen die von nordkoreas atomwaffen ausgehende gefahr ist - rohs politik der annäherung und des wirtschaftlichen austausches mit dem norden .
for now , korean voters--apparently impervious to the threat that north korea &apos;s nuclear weapons poses--support roh &apos;s policy of maintaining dialogue and economic exchange with the north .
at the moment , the south korean electorate - which seems to be in danger of preventing north korean nuclear weapons - supports the raw policy of rapprochement and economic exchange with the north .
at the moment , the south korean electorate supports - which seems to be immun against the threat posed by north korean nuclear weapons - raw materials policy of rapprochement and economic exchange with the north .

mit entsprechend guter führungsqualität ( an der es heutzutage offenbar keinen überfluss gibt ) könnten die momentan wesentlich milderen wirtschaftlichen schwierigkeiten eine chance sein , bessere wege der risikoverteilung zwischen den generationen zu finden .
with proper leadership ( which unfortunately seems in short supply ) , today &apos;s milder hardships could provide an opportunity for public discussion of better ways of intergenerational risk sharing .
as a result of good leadership ( in which there is obviously no overflow at present ) , the economic difficulties of which are currently considerably more difficult could be an opportunity to find better ways of sharing the risk between generations .
with good leadership ( in which there is apparently no surplus today ) , the current economic difficulties could be an opportunity to find better ways of sharing risk between generations .

in den letzten wochen waren große demonstrationen zu beobachten , bei einigen davon kam es zu ausschreitungen . viele siedler haben erklärt , dass sie den staatlichen räumungsbefehlen nicht folge leisten werden .
the last weeks have seen massive demonstrations , some of them verging on violence ; many of the settlers have declared that they will not obey government orders to evacuate .
in recent weeks , large demonstrations have been observed , some of them have come to an end , and many settlers have said that they will not result in the lack of government clearance .
in recent weeks , great demonstrations have been observed , some of them have been exhausted , and many settlers have said that they will not lead to the lack of state management .

ein strategischer mangel an transparenz ist die lebensgrundlage gewitzter politiker , die eine lobby zufrieden stellen wollen , indem sie die kosten der öffentlichen großzügigkeit vor der mehrheit der bürger verheimlichen .
a strategic lack of transparency is the bread and butter of shrewd politicians who want to please a lobby by hiding the costs of the public &apos;s largesse from the majority of citizens .
a strategic lack of transparency is the basis of viable politicians who want to satisfy a lobby by denying the costs of public generosity before the majority of citizens .
a strategic lack of transparency is the livelihoods of people who want to be satisfied with a lobby by making the cost of public generational generosity before the majority of citizens .

der unternehmer , der die zündende , , entdeckung &quot; gemacht hat , kann nur einen kleinen teil des gesellschaftlichen wertes , den dieses wissen erzeugt , für sich einfangen , weil andere unternehmer es ihm schnell nachmachen werden .
the entrepreneur who makes the initial &quot; discovery &quot; can capture only a small part of the social value that this knowledge generates , as other entrepreneurs will quickly emulate him .
the entrepreneurs who have made the scapegoat , discovery , can only catch up with a small part of the social value produced by this knowledge , because other entrepreneurs will make it quickly .
the entrepreneurs who have made the scapegoat , discovery , can only be a small part of the social value produced by this knowledge , for the fact that other entrepreneurs will get it quickly .

wenn man z. b. geländewagen mit hohem benzinverbrauch besteuert , ist dies eine möglichkeit , die kollektive intelligenz der menschheit für die entscheidung einzusetzen , wann negative nebeneffekte einen grund darstellen , das verhalten zu ändern .
imposing a tax on those who , say , drive low-mileage suv &apos;s is a way of harnessing humanity &apos;s collective intelligence to decide when bad side effects are a reason to alter behavior .
if , for example , we are taxed with high consumption of petrol , this is an opportunity to use the collective intelligence of humanity to decide when negative effects are a reason to change behaviour .
for example , if we are taxed with high fuel consumption , this is an opportunity to use the collective intelligence of humanity to decide when negative effects are a reason to change behaviour .

ihre erzwungene massenflucht 1999 und die darauf folgende nato-intervention , die die serbische herrschaft beendete und einen quasi-staat unter un-verwaltung errichtete , lassen nichts anderes zu als die unabhängigkeit .
their forced mass exodus in 1999 and nato &apos;s subsequent intervention , which ended serbia &apos;s rule and established a quasi-state under un administration , has made anything other than independence intolerable .
their forced mass flight in 1999 and the nato intervention , which brought the serbian rule of law to a quasi-state under un administration , leave nothing more than independence .
in 1999 , its forced mass destruction and the following nato intervention , which was set up by the serbian rule and a quasi-state under the united nations administration , leaves nothing other than independence .

täglich bombardieren uns experten mit ihren ansichten zu themen wie den irakischen aufständischen , den bolivianischen cocabauern , den notenbankern von der ezb oder dem nordkoreanischen politbüro .
every day , experts bombard us with their views on topics as varied as iraqi insurgents , bolivian coca growers , european central bankers , and north korea &apos;s politburo .
every day , experts are bombing us with their views on issues such as the iraqi insurgents , the bolivia coauans , the notenders of the ecb or the north korean police office .
on a daily basis , experts are bombing with their views on issues such as the iraqi antagonists , the bolivia coauers , the noble of the ecb or the north korean police office .

adolf hitler erfand diese strategie bei seinem überfall auf die tschechoslowakei - der vorgeblich stattfand , um die sudetendeutschen zu verteidigen - und bei der invasion in mein heimatland polen .
adolf hitler minted this strategy when he dismantled czechoslovakia--supposedly in defense of the sudeten germans--and later when he invaded my homeland , poland .
this strategy was adopted by the czechoslovakia , which took place in the case of czechoslovakia , in order to defend the sudeteners of germany , and in the invasion of my country , poland .
this strategy was adopted in the case of czechoslovakia - which was held in vain to defend the sudeteners of germany - and in the invasion of my own country , poland .

in einem szenario , das auf unheimliche weise der ausbreitung einer globalen pandemie ähnelt , hat der ökonom thomas holmes eine dynamische kartensimulation erstellt , die die ausbreitung der wal-mart-einkaufszentren in den vereinigten staaten zeigt .
in a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist thomas holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of wal-mart stores throughout the united states .
in a scenario similar to the spread of a global pandemic , mr holmes holmes has produced a dynamic cartel , which shows the spread of the wal-mart-shopping centres in the united states .
in a scenario similar to the spread of a global pandemic , the bank has drawn up a dynamic career for the bank , which shows the spread of walks in the united states .

stattdessen musste zhao als scheintoter , unter hausarrest , existieren , wo er , wie eine kryogenisch eingefrorene berühmtheit ohne hoffnung auf wiederauferstehung bequemerweise in vergessenheit geriet .
instead , zhao was allowed to remain in suspended animation , under house arrest , conveniently forgotten like some cryogenically frozen celebrity with no hope of resurrection .
instead , zhao , under house arrest , has had to exist , where , like a yogenome , it has been forgotten , without hope of revitalisation .
instead , zhao had to exist , under house arrest , where he , as a crystal genomy , had to be forgotten without hope of recovery .

durch derartige anreize geld zu horten anstatt es auszugeben kann die nachfrage noch weiter zurückgehen und die bereits hohe arbeitslosigkeit weiter ansteigen und zwar über einen zeitraum , den sich nicht einmal die größten anhänger der laissez-faire-politik vorzustellen wagten .
such strong incentives to hoard rather than spend can keep demand low and falling , and unemployment high and rising , for a much longer time than even the most laissez-faire-oriented politician or economist had ever dared contemplate .
it is not possible to reduce demand further by means of such incentives , and to increase unemployment , over a period of time , which is not even the biggest supporters of the laissez-fa-politics .
by means of such incentives , we can spend money on hormones instead of spending the demand even further , and which are already increasing high unemployment over a period of time , which did not even present the largest supporters of the laissez-pah policy .

so ist es auch keine überraschung , dass in den offiziell veranschlagten 500 milliarden die kosten für lebenslängliche invalidität sowie die kosten für jahrelange medizinische betreuung , die der staat zu übernehmen hat , noch nicht enthalten sind .
so it is no surprise that its figure of $ 500 billion ignores the lifetime disability and healthcare costs that the government will have to pay for years to come .
nor is it surprising that , in the officially estimated 500 billion , the cost of life inalienable invalidity , as well as the cost of years of medical care , which the state has to take over , has not yet been included .
it is also no surprise that 500 billion in the officially estimated 500 billion have not yet been included in the cost of living inalidity , as well as the costs for years of medical care that the state has to take on up .

bis zur nächsten planmäßigen bundestagswahl könnte klar werden , dass es keine echten alternativen zur politik schröders gibt , und es kann sogar sein , dass die versprochenen positiven auswirkungen der schmerzlichen reformen bis dahin sichtbar werden .
by the time of the next regularly scheduled election , it could become clear that there were no real alternatives to schröder &apos;s policies , and it could even be the case that the predicted beneficial effects of painful reforms will become apparent by then .
it may be clear that there are no real alternatives to politics , and it may even be that the positive effects of the painful reforms will be visible by then .
it could be clear to the next planning election election , that there is no real alternatives to politics , and there can even be that the positive effects of the painful reforms will be visible until then .

lateinamerika , die region , die am striktesten versuchte , die rezepte des , , washingtoner konsens &quot; anzuwenden , nämlich freihandel , preisderegulierungen und privatisierung , erlebte damit nur ein geringes und stark schwankendes wachstum und dazu eine sich verschärfende ungleichheit ( unter den bürgern ) .
latin america , the region that tried hardest to implement the &quot; washington consensus &quot; recipes--free trade , price deregulation , and privatization--has experienced low and volatile growth , with widening inequalities .
latin america , the region , which tried most hard to apply the recipe of the washington , washington consensus &apos; , namely free trade , price deregulation and privatisation , thus only has a low and very low level of growth and increased inequality among citizens .
latin america , the region , which tried to apply the recipe of the washington , tonnage consensus , namely free trade , price deregulation and privatisation , so that only a low and strong growth and a tighter increase in growth ( inequality among citizens ) .

vielleicht keinen so hohen wie die franzosen vor 150 jahren , als der in freien wahlen gewählte louis napoleon mittels eines äußerst populären referendums zum kaiser napoleon iii. wandelte - wobei diese abstimmung die letzte war , die die franzosen bis zum ende des zweiten kaiserreichs erleben sollten .
they may not pay as heavy a price as france a century and a half ago , when the popularly elected louis napoleon transformed himself , via a wildly popular referendum , into napoleon iii--that vote being the last the french would enjoy until the end of the second empire .
perhaps not as high as the french were 150 years ago when , by means of an extremely populous referendum on napoleon , elected in free elections , an extremely populist referendum on the emnapoleon ii , this vote was the last vote that the french should see before the end of the second caisi .
perhaps no such thing as the french people were as high as 150 years ago , when , in the free elections , mr napoleon , voted on by an extremely populist referendum on the kaznaon ii referendum , this vote was the last vote that the french should see until the end of the second caiss .

zufällig war glenn millikan , ein freund bernals , gerade in einem forschungslabor in uppsala , wo man große pepsinkristalle zur verfügung hatte . er brachte einige dieser kristalle noch in der mutterlauge mit nach cambridge .
a friend of bernal &apos;s named glenn millikan had happened to visit a lab in uppsala , sweden , where large pepsin crystals had been obtained , and he brought some of the crystals , still in their mother-liquor , back to cambridge .
mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , it was by chance that glenn &apos;s millions was a friend , a friend bernnas , particularly in a research laboratory in uppa , where there was a great deal of pedestria , and he made some of this crystal available to all of them in the motherhood of camore .
mr president , commissioner , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , a friend mr bernn , a friend , particularly in a research laboratory in uppa , where a great deal of pet was made available to all , and he made a few of them even more in the mockness with camb .

die reichen haben lange gegen steuern gekämpft , die für vermehrte investitionen in das bildungs- und gesundheitswesen für die armen nötig gewesen wären . dadurch vertieften sich die sozialen klüfte noch weiter und viele menschen stehen ohne gesundheitsversorgung und ausbildung da , die sie aber im internationalen wettbewerb benötigen würden .
the rich have long fought against taxation needed to increase investment in the education and health of the poor , perpetuating deep social divisions and leaving many people without the health and skills that global competitiveness requires .
for a long time , the rich have fought against taxes that would have been necessary for increased investment in education and health care for the poor , which would further increase the social clouds and provide many people with no health care and training , but which they would need in international competition .
for a long time , the rich have fought against tax , which would have been necessary for increased investment in education and health care for the poor , thereby increasing the social cages , and many people are not healthcare and training , but they would need international competition .

mit einer aktion , die weithin als erneuter versuch , den multilateralismus zu untergraben , interpretiert wurde , wollten die usa die führung einer für die rasche umsetzung von hilfsprogrammen verantwortlichen &quot; core group &quot; übernehmen und ignorierten damit bestrebungen in der region und bei der uno .
unfortunately , in an effort that was widely seen as another attempt to undermine multilateralism , the us tried to lead a &quot; core group &quot; driving the assistance program , ignoring ongoing efforts within the region and at the un .
the united states wanted to take the lead to the rapid implementation of aid programmes of the &apos; community &apos; group &apos; and thus ignore the efforts made in the region and in the un , with a renewed attempt to undermine multilateralism .
the united states wanted to take the lead in the rapid implementation of the aid group responsible for aid programmes , with an action that has been used to undermine white as a very renewed attempt to undermine multilateralism , the united states wanted to adopt the leadership of the united states to implement the rapid implementation of aid programmes .

fast jeder -- außer unternehmen wie exxonmobil oder us-vizepräsident dick cheney und ihre gekauften schergen und irregeführten gefolgsmänner -- versteht , dass kohlendioxid in die atmosphäre gelangt , wenn menschen kohlenwasserstoff verbrennen , und dass das co2 dort wie eine riesige decke wirkt , die die von unten kommende infrarotstrahlung absorbiert und die erde erwärmt .
almost everyone -- except the likes of exxonmobil , us vice president dick cheney , and their paid servants and deluded acolytes -- understands that when humans burn hydrocarbons , carbon dioxide goes into the atmosphere , where it acts like a giant blanket , absorbing infrared radiation coming up from below and warming the earth .
it goes without saying that carbon dioxide has come into the atmosphere , when people bury hydrocarbons , and that co2 is burning co2 , burning co2 , as is a huge decaque of co2 and canned sugar , which is the downgrading of bees and the earth .
almost every one - apart from exhibitant harassment or vice-president dibeet , and his tortured and torn torn , would understand that carbon dioxide comes into the atmosphere , if carbon water burns are burning , and that co2 has a huge impact , such as a decentralization , which has been produced by the generation of gvalley bee and the heat of the world .

so war es nur natürlich , dass dort wo die chemie an ihre grenzen stieß , die physik - mit ihrem hervorragendsten labor - einsprang und den weg nach vorne wies . ein weg , den watson und crick beschritten und der sie zu dem epochemachenden durchbruch führte , den wir in diesem monat feiern .
it was only natural that where chemistry fell short , physics--and its premier laboratory--showed the way forward , a way grasped by watson and crick in the epic breakthrough that we celebrate this month .
it was , of course , only the fact that there was the increase in chemical limits , the physics - with their most excellent laboratory - and the way forward , a path that was taken and followed by watson , and which led to the epocheese breakthrough this month , which we celebrate in the wake of this month .
it was , of course , that only where the chemical limit was placed on its borders , the physical laboratory - with its most excellent laboratory - and the way forward , the watson and the goat and the pot , which led us to the last month , which we are celebrating this month .

