danke .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

ja ?
yes ?
yes ?
yes ?

beschissen .
terrible .
shame .
tanks .

geht das ?
is that something ?
is that ?
is that going ?

ja , hallo .
yes , hello .
yes , hello .
yes , hello .

... noch nicht .
... yet .
... not yet .
... not yet .

nach hause wohin ?
go home to where ?
where do you go home ?
after home , where ?

nicht sehr nachhaltig .
not very sustainable .
not very sustainable .
not very sustainable .

hey , warum nicht ?
hey , why not ?
hey , why not ?
hey , why not ?

ich stand ihm gegenüber .
i was exposed to him .
i stood up with him .
i stood him for him .

und ich war künstler .
and i was an artist .
and i was artists .
and i was an artist .

aber ich arbeitete weiter .
but i carried on with my work .
but i kept working on .
but i kept working on .

sieht jemand etwas bestimmtes ?
does anyone see anything specific ?
does anybody see something specific ?
does somebody see something specific ?

ist es überhaupt fotografie ?
or is it photography ?
is it even photographery ?
is it photography at all ?

es gibt eine alte studie .
this is an old study .
there &apos;s an old study .
there &apos;s an old study .

und dann passierte es wieder .
and then it happened again .
and then it happened again .
and then it happened again .

ich werde das stoppen .
i &apos;m going to stop that .
i &apos;m going to stop that .
i &apos;m going to stop that .

die beiden riefen mich an .
they called me .
the two called me up .
the two greeks came to me .

und dann gingen alle hinunter .
and then everybody moved down .
and then everybody went down .
and then everybody went down .

sie hätten es besser tun können .
you could have done better .
they could have done better .
they could have done better .

aber sie erledigen den job .
but they do the job .
but they &apos;re doing the job .
but they do the job .

na , dann wollen wir mal .
all right , let &apos;s go .
well , then we want .
well , then we want to .

niemand hat das je zuvor gesagt .
no one &apos;s ever said that before .
nobody has ever said that before .
nobody ever said that before .

die weißen linien stehen für bevölkerung .
so the white lines here are population .
the white lines are for population .
the white lines are in population .

dies ist nun eins der bilder .
now this is one of the images .
now this is one of the images .
this is one of the images .

sie können keine energie speichern .
and you wouldn &apos;t be able to save energy .
you can &apos;t store energy .
they can &apos;t store energy .

seien sie einfach , wer sie sind .
just be who you are .
just be , who you are .
be just who you are .

warum bin ich in die medizin gegangen ?
why did i go into medicine ?
why am i going to the medicine ?
why am i going into medicine ?

wie und was hat er empfunden ?
how and what did they feel ?
how and what does he feel ?
how and what has it recommend ?

das muss der altersunterschied sein .
that must be our difference in age .
that has to be the difference .
that has to be the aging difference .

weil wir auf einem wasserplaneten leben .
because we live on a water planet .
because we live on a planet .
because we live on a water planet .

es soll die erfahrung ergänzen .
it &apos;s to supplement the experience .
it &apos;s supposed to be the experience .
it should be the experience of experience .

sie bringen sogar finanzierung mit ein .
they even can bring with them some financing .
they even get funding with funding .
they even get funding .

das ist eine sehr sensible frage .
and that &apos;s a very sensible question .
this is a very sensitive question .
this is a very sensitive question .

&quot; risiko &quot; ist kein einfaches spiel .
jeopardy &apos;s not an easy game .
risk is not a simple game .
&quot; risk &quot; is not a simple game .

wir haben einzigartige elemente hier eingebaut .
we design unique elements into this .
we built unique elements here .
we &apos;ve built unique elements here .

ein dalmatiner , genau .
a dalmatian , exactly .
a daltiner , right .
a dalmatical , right .

lassen sie uns mit dem wahrnehmen beginnen .
let &apos;s starting with sensing .
let &apos;s start with this .
let &apos;s start with the perceive .

wir reden zwiespältig davon .
we talk about it ambivalently .
we &apos;re talking about twenty of it .
we &apos;re talking about twenty of it .

es dauert vielleicht , bis es geladen ist .
it might take a moment to load .
it might take up until it is .
it might take up until it &apos;s invited .

jemand machte eine altmodische version davon .
someone made an old timey version .
somebody did an old-fashioned version of it .
somebody made an old-fashioned version of it .

in vielen fällen sind diese menschen vollkommen gesund .
in many cases , people are actually perfectly healthy .
in many cases , these people are completely healthy .
in many cases , these people are totally healthy .

also ist littlebits open source .
so littlebits is open-source .
so little-open source is open source .
so littly open source is open source .

alleine , beschämt und ohne unterstützung .
alone , ashamed and unsupported .
alone , shame and without support .
alone , damaged and support without support .

praktisch also eine übersetzung der übersetzung .
so you could call it the translation of a translation .
so basically a translation of translation .
so basically a translation of translation .

so sagt &apos; s eher die norm dazu .
that &apos;s what the norm says .
so it &apos;s more like the norm .
that &apos;s what the norm says .

dreisatz kennen sie noch aus der schule .
this is a rule of three , which describes a logic to us .
three phrases are still from school .
three sentence , they still know from school .

heben sie ihre hände . lassen sie mich sehen .
raise your hands . let me see .
raise your hands . let me see you .
raise your hands . let me see me .

was ? das ließ mich wirklich ausflippen .
what ? that really flipped me out .
what ? that really left me .
what ? that really made me sweat .

das wird in china in einer sekunde ausgeglichen .
china can make up for that in one second .
this will be done in china in a second .
this is spent in a second in a second .

scott unterhielt sich von mensch zu mensch .
so scott was speaking person-to-person .
scott was interrupted by man .
scott signed by human being .

sie waren genau wie die leute in diesem raum .
they were exactly like the people in this room .
they were just like the people in this room .
they were exactly like the people in this room .

das ist der hauptmechanismus der evolution hier .
this is a major mechanism of evolution right here .
this is the main mechanism of evolution here .
this is the main mechanism of evolution here .

sie hat einen knopf , an / aus .
it &apos;s got one knob , on / off .
she &apos;s got a button .
she &apos;s got a button . he &apos;s got a button .

ich stellte sie und machte mich an die behandlung .
i made it and i set to work treating her .
i put them and made me care of the treatment .
i put them , and i went to the treatment .

auf jeden fall . das will ich auf jeden fall .
absolutely . absolutely , i do .
anyway . that &apos;s what i want to do for everybody .
anyway . that &apos;s what i want to be on every case .

und das was ich jetzt sage ist sehr wichtig .
and this is very important , what i &apos;m going to say .
and what i say now is very important .
and what i &apos;m saying now is very important .

ich habe hier etwas , das ich ihnen zeigen möchte .
i &apos;ve got something to show you .
i &apos;ve got something here that i want to show you .
i have something i want to show you .

aber vielleicht kann man sie ja auch noch umstimmen .
but perhaps someone just needs to change your mind .
but maybe you can also agree with them .
but maybe you can still agree with it .

wir beschädigten also ungefähr 50 der magneten
so we damaged about 50 of the magnets .
so we complained about 50 of the magnets .
so we complained about 50 of the magnets .

aber wie macht man das in der praxis ?
but in practice , how do you do it ?
but how do you do that in practice ?
but how do you do that in practice ?

weil wir ohne diese lebenslüge nicht leben können .
because we can &apos;t live our lives without this lie .
because we can &apos;t live without those liescalators .
because we can &apos;t live without life .

ich traf die entscheidung , in die usa zu ziehen ,
i made the decision to move to the u.s .
i made the decision to go to the united states .
i met the decision to go to the united states .

und wir möchten dies auf eine weltweite ebene bringen .
and we would like to start this on a worldwide level .
and we want to bring this to a global level .
and we want to bring this on a global level .

mir erscheint es wichtig , beides zu vereinen .
and for me , it becomes necessary to integrate the two .
it seems to me that it seems to be very important .
i think it &apos;s important to confront the one .

ich habe vielleicht noch weitere 40 arbeitsjahre in mir .
i still have maybe another four decades of work left in me .
i may have another 40 years of work in me .
i might have another 40 years of work in me .

und dennoch verstehen wir die möglichkeiten davon noch nicht ganz .
and yet , we don &apos;t quite understand the options of it .
and yet , we still don &apos;t understand the possibilities of it .
and yet , we don &apos;t understand the possibilities of it yet .

man konnte sich also wohl dabei fühlen , ihn zu verkaufen .
so you could feel good about selling it .
so you could feel comfortable to sell him .
so you could feel comfortable with it .

darlehen und sponsoren wurden gesucht .
grants and sponsors were sought .
darwinian and sponsors became healthy .
darleans and sponsors have been healthy .

ich freue mich auf die gespräche mit ihnen allen !
i look forward to talking with all of you .
i &apos;m looking at the conversations with you !
i &apos;m excited about the conversations of all of you .

aber die volumen sind wesentlich grösser als je zuvor .
but the volumes are much larger than ever .
but the volume are much bigger than ever before .
but the volume are much bigger than ever before .

ich sehe keinen grund , warum das nicht so sein sollte .
i don &apos;t see any reason why it shouldn &apos;t .
i don &apos;t see why that shouldn &apos;t be .
i don &apos;t see why that shouldn &apos;t be like this .

dieses jahr wurde es fast 50 millionen mal angeschaut .
it &apos;s been viewed nearly 50 million times this year .
this year , it was almost 50 million times .
this year , it was looked almost 50 million times .

nun , in diesem gebiet gibt es nicht mehrere tausend ziele .
now you don &apos;t find several thousand targets in that area .
well , in this area , there &apos;s not several thousand goals .
well , in this area there &apos;s not several thousand goals .

dies ist eine interaktive trickfilmanwendung .
now , this is an interactive cartoon application .
this is an interactive movies .
this is an interactive fillment .

vor 30 jahren hätte sich dies lächerlich angehört .
30 years ago that would have sounded ludicrous .
30 years ago , this may have been ridiculous .
30 years ago , this would be ridiculous .

ich kann heute nicht so spielen wie in zwanzig jahren .
i won &apos;t be able to play like i do today in twenty years .
i can &apos;t play the way in 20 years .
i can &apos;t play as much as in 20 years .

da ist noch mehr dahinter , es geht noch tiefer .
it &apos;s more than that ; it &apos;s deeper .
there &apos;s more behind it , it &apos;s still deeper .
there &apos;s more than that , it &apos;s even deeper .

ein anderes beispiel ist die so genannte virtuelle realität .
so if you think of the google glasses for example , then that &apos;s one of those concepts that allows us to combine the virtual world with the real world again , and so that means our affinity for virtualisation , of experiencing the virtual as something normal and natural , is being addressed again .
another example is the so-called virtual reality .
another example is the so-called virtual reality .

ich war dort vor gar nicht langer zeit mit miguel .
i was there not long ago with miguel .
i was not there long ago with miguel .
i wasn &apos;t there for a long time with miel .

das ist kein gewerbe , und es ist nicht landwirtschaft .
that &apos;s not a business , and it isn &apos;t agriculture .
this is not a commercial , and it &apos;s not agriculture .
this is not a commercial , and it &apos;s not agriculture .

sie ist nicht nur eine nette geräuschtapete .
it is not only a nice wallpaper made of noise .
it &apos;s not just a nice sound of sound .
it &apos;s not just a nice sound .

wir haben littlebits auch zu designschulen gebracht .
we &apos;ve also been taking littlebits to design schools .
we also brought littlettes to design schools .
we also brought litters to design schools .

und ich kann ihnen sagen , es war eine verändernde erfahrung .
and i can tell you that this is a transformative experience .
and i can tell you , it was a change experience .
and i can tell you it was a changing experience .

da sollte also besser eine neun am anfang meiner todeszahl stehen .
so there better be a nine at the beginning of my death number .
so there should be better at the beginning of my death .
so there should be a nine at the beginning of my death rate .

und die beleuchten den weg durch das restliche buch .
and they actually illuminate your way through the rest of the book .
and the lighting path through the rest of the book .
and the lighting path through the rest of the book .

und natürlich kann es sie in deutschland nie mehr geben . «
and of course , we can never have the death penalty in germany . &quot;
and of course , you can never give it to germany . &quot;
and of course , it can never give them to germany anymore . &quot;

ja , ich freue mich sehr , bei ihnen sein zu dürfen .
yes , i &apos;m very happy to be here .
yes , i &apos;m very excited to be with you .
yes , i &apos;m very excited to be able to be at you .

hierzu will ich ihnen zwei , vielleicht auch drei beispiele präsentieren .
the first example works with the presumption of something many of you know and some of you value , and only very few of you don &apos;t need at all .
i want to give you two , maybe three examples of present .
i want to show you two , maybe three examples .

und klar , wir können fastfood-ketten finden .
and sure , we could find fast food chains .
and clearly we can find fastest chains .
and clear , we can find fastest chairs .

ein typischer walmart bietet ihnen heute 100.000 produkte an .
the typical walmart today offers you 100,000 products .
a typical walmart gives you 100,000 products today .
a typical wal-mart provides you today 100,000 products .

wissen sie , wie viele entscheidungen sie an einem typischen tag machen ?
do you know how many choices you make in a typical day ?
do you know how many choices you make on a typical day ?
do you know how many choices you make in a typical day ?

und ist vor allem erstmal zu fragen , was das richtige ist .
and it &apos;s the first question to ask is what is right .
and most of all , first of all , to ask what is the right thing .
and it &apos;s particularly the first time to ask what &apos;s the right thing .

ich denke es ist ziemlich offensichtlich im hinblick auf was wir brauchen .
i think this is pretty obvious in terms of some of the needs .
i think it &apos;s pretty obvious in terms of what we need .
i think it &apos;s pretty obvious to what we need .

normalerweise starten die meisten leute sich selbst bezüglich der aufgabe zu orientieren .
so , normally , most people begin by orienting themselves to the task .
usually most people start to orient themselves into the task .
usually most people are starting to organize themselves .

sie sehen also , mit diesem film wollten wir die wahre version erzählen .
now you see , with this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
so you can see , with this film , we wanted to tell the true version .
so you see , with this film , we wanted to tell the true version .

denn offen gesagt , jedes projekt hat seinen eigenen marshmallow .
because , frankly , every project has its own marshmallow , doesn &apos;t it ?
because frankly , every project has its own marshmallow .
because frankly , every project has his own marshmallow .

wir produzieren androgen und wir sprechen auf androgene an .
we &apos;re making androgen , and we &apos;re responding to androgens .
we &apos;re producing androgen and we &apos;re talking to androgens .
we produce androws , and we &apos;re talking to androgenes .

das bedeutet , dass der spieler sicher 3 von 10 schlägen schlägt .
that means that ballplayer batted safely , hit safely three times out of 10 at bats .
that means that the player is safe from 10 faiths .
that means that the player cares three of 10 clubs .

also , das sieht aus wie ein basketball-playoff .
so , this looks like a basketball playoff .
so , this looks like a basketball plaque .
so , this looks like a basketball football .

sie produzierten die höchste konstruktion in der geringsten zeit .
they produced the tallest structures in the least amount of time .
they produced the highest construction in the least of time .
they produced the highest construction in the least time .

es gibt eine gewaltige welle des interesses an glück unter forschern .
there is a huge wave of interest in happiness , among researchers .
there &apos;s a massive wave of interest in happiness .
there &apos;s a massive wave of interest in happiness among researchers .

zum beispiel war der fisch auf einem anglerausflug aufgenommen worden .
so for example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
for example , the fish had been recorded on a glorious flight .
for example , the fish was taken on a glacier .

aber nichts wurde erfunden , das mich wieder gehen lassen würde , bis jetzt .
but nothing has been invented that enables me to walk , until now .
but nothing was invented , that would leave me up until now .
but nothing was invented to leave me again , until now .

und unsere nation basiert wirklich auf einem sehr romantischen konzept von individualismus .
and our nation &apos;s really founded on a very romantic concept of individualism .
and our nation really is based on a very romantic concept of individual capitalism .
and our nation is really based on a very romantic concept of individual alism .

ich stieg ins auto und war wirklich überwältigt – überwältigt .
and i got into my car and i was feeling really overwhelmed -- overwhelmed .
i went to the car and was really overwhelmed -- overwhelmed .
i went into the car and i was really overwhelmed -- overwhelmed .

wie waren seine lebensumstände , wie die der gesellschaft und der politik ?
what were their life circumstances , how were the society and the politics of the time ?
how were his circumstances , how did society and politics ?
how were his living circumstances , how are the society and politics ?

&quot; erinnern sie sich an den patienten , den sie nach hause sendeten ? &quot;
&quot; do you remember that patient you sent home ? &quot;
&quot; do you remember the patient you met after your home ? &quot;
&quot; do you remember the patients that you put home ? &quot;

ganz direkt können wir auf diese art und weise nährstoffe in landwirtschaft zurückkriegen .
this is a very direct way to get back nutrients in agriculture .
right now , we can get ourselves back to this way of getting nutrients in agriculture .
right now , we can get back to this kind of nutrition and nutrients in agriculture .

und wir wurden für einen zeitraum von viereinhalb jahren zu einer richtigen familie .
and we became a family , over a four-and-half year period .
and we became a period of four-and-a-half years of a family .
and we became a period of four and a half years of a family .

alle parteien , alle fraktionen der gesellschaft , unterstützten dies .
all parties , all factions in society , backed this .
all the parties , all the lessons of society , supported this .
all parties , all the frames of society , supported this .

und heute fühlen wir uns alle auch als eigentümer unserer popkultur .
and we all now feel some ownership in our own pop culture .
and today we &apos;re all feeling as owners of our pop culture .
and today we all feel as a property of our popsy culture .

und sagten , &quot; lass uns das den vorsitzenden unseres landes präsentieren ! &quot;
they said , &quot; let &apos;s present this to the leaders of our country . &quot;
and they said , &quot; let &apos;s present the chairman of our country ! &quot;
and they said , &quot; let &apos;s present the council of our country ! &quot;

ich wuchs mit einer mutter auf , die mich das tag für tag lehrte .
i grew up with a mom who taught me this day-in and day-out .
i grew up with a mother who taught me the day for teachers .
i grew up with a mother who taught me the day for day .

was dem story<unk> natürlich extrem entgegenkommt und es ist ein computerspiel .
which of course very much accommodates for storytelling , and it &apos;s a computer game .
and of course , what &apos;s going to happen , of course , is a computer game .
what &apos;s natural , of course , is extremely disturbing , and it &apos;s a computer game .

ich glaube das wirklich , und nein , das ist kein wunschdenken .
i really do believe that , and , no , it ain &apos;t wishful thinking .
i really think this , and no , this is not a wreck .
i really think that , and no , that &apos;s not a wrestless thinking .

ich möchte ihnen nun darlegen , was wir in meinem institut herausgefunden haben .
according to which logic do we disseminate this deception , this self-deception , this willingness to present a reality that &apos;s different from the reality we know is valid in our unconscious minds ?
now , i want to tell you what we &apos;ve found in my institute .
now , i want to show you what we found in my institute .

in der tat kann er sich manchmal geradezu paranormal anfühlen .
and , in fact , can sometimes feel downright paranormal .
in fact , he can feel sometimes paranormal .
in fact , he can feel like he can feel like paranoranores .

wir sind keine realisten , wir genießer . wir sind liebhaber .
we &apos;re not realists , us foodies ; we &apos;re lovers .
we &apos;re not a realistic , we enjoy . we &apos;re lover .
we &apos;re not realistic , we enjoy it . we &apos;re loved .

sie können nur klimaneutral sein , wenn sie nicht existieren , ja ?
you can only be climate neutral if you don &apos;t exist , you see ?
you can only be clitral if you don &apos;t exist , yes ?
you can only be climing , if you don &apos;t exist , right ?

es wurden bereits zwei städte in china erbaut und die dritte ist in vorbereitung .
they &apos;ve actually built two cities already in china and are preparing the third .
it &apos;s already built two cities in china , and the third is prepared .
it &apos;s already built two cities in china , and the third is prepared .

mit der zeit bleibt wenig fisch übrig und wir denken , das ist der normwert .
over time we have a few fish left and we think this is the baseline .
over time , there &apos;s a little bit of fish left , and we think that &apos;s the score .
with time , little fish remains down , and we think that &apos;s the worth of it .

und mit jedem versuch bekommen die kinder unmittelbar feedback was funktioniert und was nicht .
and with each version , kids get instant feedback about what works and what doesn &apos;t work .
and with each attempt to get children &apos;s immediate feedback , which doesn &apos;t work .
and with each attempt , kids get immediate feedback , which works and what doesn &apos;t work .

und deshalb verstehen wir nicht wirklich , welche bedeutung unsere taten im historischen kontext haben .
and because of that , we really haven &apos;t understood what it &apos;s meant to do the things we &apos;ve done historically .
and that &apos;s why we don &apos;t really understand the meaning of our actions in the historical context .
and that &apos;s why we don &apos;t really understand what our meaning have in historical context .

und spieler sind immer bereit , hart zu arbeiten , wenn sie die richtige aufgabe erhalten .
and gamers are willing to work hard all the time , if they &apos;re given the right work .
and players are always ready to work hard when they get the right task .
and players are always ready to work hard when they get the right task .

was ist mit mir ? was ist mit dem druchschittstypen ?
what about me ? what about a regular guy ?
what about me ? what about the print box ?
what about me ? what about the prince of prince ?

doch wenn es soweit kommt , dass es umgesetzt werden soll , verändert sich irgendetwas .
but suddenly when it comes down to becoming a reality , something suddenly changes .
but when it comes to us that it &apos;s supposed to be transformed , something is going to change .
but if it comes too far , it &apos;s supposed to be transformed , something is changing .

wenn sie dies im historischen zusammenhang betrachten , können sie sehen , was es anrichtet .
if you look at in the context of history you can see what this is doing .
if you look at this in historical context , you can see what it does .
if you look at this in historical context , you can see what it does .

das heißt , alle unsere intelligenz bedeutet , dass wir dümmer als bäume sein wollen .
so all of our intelligence amounts to us wanting to be dumber than trees .
that means that all of our intelligence means that we want to be silent as trees .
that means all of our intelligence means that we want to be as a trees .

es gibt tatsächlich zwei konzepte vom glück , die wir anwenden können , eines pro selbst .
there are really two concepts of happiness that we can apply , one per self .
there are actually two concepts of happiness that we can apply to a self .
there are actually two concepts of happiness that we can apply , one self .

und sie merkten , dass die stadt nie diese hydranten frei schaufelt .
and they noticed that the city never gets to digging out these fire hydrants .
and they realized that the city never absorbed this hydrant .
and they realized that the city never releases this hydrant .

und und man muss es auch machen und verstehen , um es machen und verstehen zu können .
and and you need to do it and understand it if you want to do it and understand it .
and you have to do it and understand it to make it and understand it .
and you also have to do it and understand it and understand it and understand it .

ich vertrete diese kinder , die zu sehr harten strafen verurteilt wurden .
and i &apos;ve been representing these kids who have been sentenced to do these very harsh sentences .
i assumed these kids who were convicted to very hard punishment .
i promised these kids who were convicted to very hard punishments .

schlussendlich erhalte ich programme , die nummern perfekt sortieren können .
at the end of that , i end up with programs that are absolutely perfect at sorting numbers .
finally , i encounter programs that can be perfect .
finally , i &apos;m going to be able to put the nucleus that can be perfect .

die können sie weniger leicht , ja , nachprüfen oder auch zum einsturz bringen .
this is harder to check or bring down .
they can easily be easily , yes , check or get them to the storm .
they can be less easy , yes , retest or to the storation .

es überrascht nicht , dass diese zerstörung auch das überleben der bonobos gefährdet .
not surprisingly , this destruction also endangers bonobo survival .
it &apos;s not surprising that destruction also endangered the survival of bonobos .
it &apos;s not surprising that these destruction is also the survival of bonobos .

mit dieser information erkannten wir , dass es eine menge ineffizienzen im system gibt .
with this information we realized there &apos;s a lot of inefficiencies in the system .
we realized that there &apos;s a lot of inefficient in the system .
with this information , we realized that there &apos;s a lot of efficiency in the system .

er sah immer wieder durch das fenster und konnte das ganze tohuwabohu hören .
and he kept looking through the window , and he could hear all of this holler .
he used to see through the windows , and he could hear the whole death holidays .
he always looked through the window , and he could hear the whole tohuh hesh .

die arbeit des interpreten fängt ähnlich an wie die eines theaterregisseurs .
the work of the interpreter starts off much like the work of a theatre director .
the interpretations of the interpretations starts in the same theater .
the work of the interpret starts like a theateral director .

90 prozent unseres fangs waren schwämme , andere tiere , die mit dem grund verbunden sind .
and 90 percent of our catch were sponges , other animals that are fixed on the bottom .
90 percent of our fangs were weaked , other animals that are connected with the reason .
90 percent of our prisons were weaked , other animals that are connected to the reason .

aber unglücklicherweise haben wir diesen aspekt überbetont in der erzählung der menschlichen evolution .
but unfortunately , we have made too much of an emphasis of this aspect in our narratives of human evolution .
but unfortunately , we have convicted this aspect of the narrative of human evolution .
but unfortunately , we &apos;ve emphasized this aspect in the narrative of human evolution .

der vierte punkt ist , dass die geschichte für uns ein ort der informationsweitergabe ist .
the fourth point is that we see history as a place where information is passed on .
the fourth point is that the story for us is a place of information .
the fourth point is that the story for us is a place of information .

ja , kinder sind von natur aus neugierig oder sollten neugierig sein , designer auch .
yes , children are or should be naturally curious , and so are designers .
yes , children are inspired by nature , or should be curious , designers .
yes , children are made of curiosity , or should be curious , designers .

hier ist zum beispiel , eine studie , die wir in einem zeitschriftengang gemacht haben .
so for example , here &apos;s a study we did in a magazine aisle .
so here &apos;s , for example , a study that we did in a newspapers .
here &apos;s , for example , a study that we &apos;ve done in a magazine .

nur um ihnen einen eindruck von der korrelation zu vermitteln , die korrelation ist ungefähr .5 .
just to give you a sense of the correlation , the correlation is about .5 .
just to give you a sense of the correlation , the correlation is about five .
just to give you a sense of the koran , which is about .5 .

und dann morgen , und dann morgen , und morgen , und morgen , und morgen kommt natürlich nie .
and then tomorrow , and then tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and of course tomorrow never comes .
and then tomorrow , and then tomorrow , tomorrow and tomorrow , tomorrow , and tomorrow never come .
and then tomorrow , and then tomorrow , tomorrow , and tomorrow , tomorrow , and tomorrow never comes .

was ich jetzt mache , ist , ich verändere die reihenfolge in der die entscheidungen erscheinen .
so now what i &apos;m going to do is i &apos;m going to vary the order in which these decisions appear .
what i do now is i change the order of the sequence in the decisions .
what i &apos;m doing now is i &apos;m changing the order of making decisions .

und ich bin zu der kernaussage gekommen , dass eine neue stadt den menschen neue möglichkeiten bietet .
and it got to the essence , which is that a new city could offer new choices for people .
and i came to the core saying that a new city is providing people to new possibilities .
and i came to the nuclear statement that a new city provides the new city .

es hat keine nährstoffe , es hat kein protein , und wissenschaftler bauen all das gerade darin ein .
it doesn &apos;t have nutrients , it doesn &apos;t have protein , and scientists are engineering all of that into it right now .
it has no nutrients , it has no protein , it has no protein , and scientists are building that right now .
it has no nutrients , it doesn &apos;t have a protein , and scientists are building all this in it .

es gibt somit tief-greifende lektionen für uns , über die natur von antrieb und erfolg .
so there &apos;s deep lessons for us about the nature of incentives and success .
there are deeper lessons to us , about nature of drive and success .
so there &apos;s so profound lessons for us , about nature of trade and success .

zwei paar strümpfe für die schule , jedes , um die löcher im anderen zu verdecken .
two pairs of stockings for school , each to hide the holes in the other .
two strands of strands for school , every one to cover the holes in the other .
two strands for school , every one to cover the holes in the other .

als ich ein kleines mädchen war , gab mein großvater mir seine kleine silberne taschenuhr .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his little silver pocket watch .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his little silver clock .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his little silver watch .

und ich dreh mich um und sehe diesen älteren mann . ich hatte keine ahnung wer er ist .
and i turn around , and it &apos;s this older man . i have no idea who he is .
and i turn around and i see this older man . i had no idea who he is .
and i turn around and i see this elderly man . i had no idea who he is .

und das nicht weil sie weniger schlau sind , und nicht weil sie weniger sorgfältig sind .
and it &apos;s not because they &apos;re less smart , and it &apos;s not because they &apos;re less diligent .
and they &apos;re not because they &apos;re less smart , and they &apos;re not because they &apos;re less carefully carefully .
and that &apos;s not because they &apos;re less smart , and they &apos;re not because they &apos;re less careful .

ich komme sogar in eins meiner liebsten , das metropolitan museum of art in new york .
i &apos;m going to actually get to one of my favorites , the metropolitan museum of art in new york .
i actually come to one of my favorite , the metropolitan museum of art in new york .
i even come in one of my favorite , the metropolitan museum in new york .

er erlaubt uns sachen mit einer viel höheren komplexität als es die normalen methoden erlauben würden , zu produzieren .
and it lets us produce things of much more complexity than normal engineering lets us produce .
it allows us to do things with a much higher complexity than it would allow the normal methods to produce .
it allows us things to produce a much higher complexity than the normal methods would allow us to produce .

jetzt für mich und für den komponisten damals und was sie jetzt für ihn heute bedeuten könnten .
what they mean to me now , what they meant to the composer at the time and what they might have meant to them now .
now for me and for the most composers at the time , and what you could do now for him .
now , for me and for the composers at the time , and what they could mean now for him .

und das ist eine vorstellung , die , wenn man darüber nachdenkt , einen nur mit hoffnung erfüllen kann .
and this is an idea , if you think about it , can only fill you with hope .
and this is an idea that if you think about it , you can only fulfill a hope with hope .
and this is an idea that if you think about it , you can only fulfill hope with hope .

aber diese artikel machten mir sorgen , und ich konnte nicht herausfinden , warum , und schließlich fand ich es heraus .
but these stories bothered me , and i couldn &apos;t figure out why , and eventually i did .
but this article made me worry , and i couldn &apos;t figure out why , and finally i found it out .
but these articles made me worry , and i couldn &apos;t figure out why , and finally i found it out .

ich dachte , &quot; stellen sie die kamera aus &quot; würde bedeuten , dass wir ein hintergrundgespräch führen wollten .
i thought &quot; turn the camera off &quot; meant , &quot; let &apos;s have an off-the-record conversation . &quot;
i thought , &quot; well , imagine the camera would mean that we wanted to lead a background .
i thought , &quot; do you think the camera would mean that we wanted to have a backward conversation .

und das ist ein großartiges konzeptionelles modell der welt , so lange sie kein teilchenphysiker sind .
and so this is a great conceptual model to have of the world , unless you &apos;re a particle physicist .
and this is a great conceptual model of the world , as long as you &apos;re not a particle physicist .
and this is a great conceptual model of the world , as long as they &apos;re not a particle physicist .

nur um ihnen den überblick zu geben , zoome ich heraus , damit sie sehen , was man bekommt .
now just to give you some perspective , i &apos;m going to zoom out so you really see what you get .
just to give you the extent , i zoom out , so you can see what you get .
just to give you the overlook , i zoom out to see what you get .

also wird wohl oder übel aquakultur , fischanbau , ein teil unserer zukunft sein .
so , for better or for worse , aquaculture , fish farming , is going to be a part of our future .
so , it &apos;s going to be , or it &apos;s going to be jewish , fiscal , fishery , part of our future .
so i think it &apos;s probably going to be a furniture , fishes , fisheries , a part of our future .

ein dritter satz , der sofort auftaucht bei menschen , die ein starkes gefühl für eine seele haben .
they will say , a person who has no soul is dead and can &apos;t claim anything .
a third sentence that appears immediately when people who have a strong feeling for a soul .
a third sentence that immediately appears to people who have a strong feeling for a soul .

dies stellt auch den unterhaltungswert dieser rede dar , deshalb hoffe ich , d ass es ihnen gefallen hat .
that also constitutes the entertainment portion of this talk , so i hope you enjoyed it .
this also shows the value of this talk , which is why i hope i &apos;ve got wet to you .
this also makes the underlying value of this talk , so i hope it &apos;s fun to you .

deswegen kommen auch viele leute und schauen sich das dort an , eben weil man sehen kann , welche probleme man bekommt .
that &apos;s why many people come and look at it , because you can see what problems will arise .
so a lot of people come and look at this because you can see what problems you can get .
so many people also come and look at this because you can see what problems you get .

ich meine , jeder von uns hier könnte fünf mal so viel für unsere energie ausgeben ohne seinen lebensstil zu ändern .
i mean , all of us here could pay five times as much for our energy and not change our lifestyle .
i mean , every one of us here could spend five times as much on our energy without changing your lifestyle .
i mean , every one of us could spend five times as much for our energy without changing your lifestyle .

gut , nur um abzuschließen , möchte ich bemerken , dass ich sehr viel über die väter gesprochen habe .
well , just to close , i want to suggest to you that i &apos;ve been talking a lot about the fathers .
all right , just to conclude , i want to notice that i talked a lot about the fathers .
well , just to conclude , i want to notice that i talked a lot about the fathers .

wenn professoren neugierig werden , dann werden sie häufig in so &apos; n forschungssemester reingeschoben .
when professors become curious , they are often shoved into a research semester .
if professors are becoming curious , they will often be slaughtered in this kind of research metic ocean .
when professors become curious , they &apos;re often put in such a research seas .

und weil du besessen bist , wirst du von dem geist eingenommen . wie kann dir schaden zugefügt werden ?
and because you are possessed , you are taken by the spirit -- how can you be harmed ?
and because you &apos;re obsessed with the spirit of your mind , how can you be harm ?
and because you &apos;re obsessed , you &apos;re going to be given by the mind . how can you feel ?

es handelt davon , wie zufrieden oder erfreut die person ist , wenn diese person über ihr leben nachdenkt .
it is about how satisfied or pleased the person is when that person thinks about her life .
it &apos;s about how happy or joyful the person is when this person thinks about their lives .
it &apos;s about how satisfying or happy the person is when this person thinks about her life .

nun , ich war neun jahre alt und so sagte ich : » ja , oma . ich verspreche es . «
well i was nine years old , so i said , &quot; yes , mama . i &apos;ll do that . &quot;
well , i was nine years old , and i said , &quot; yes , oma . i promise it . &quot;
well , i was nine years old , and i said , &quot; yes , oma . i promise it . &quot;

in der gegenwart auf etwa haben wir ein ganz modernes beispiel , das immer wieder die tageszeitungen füllt .
here you have to keep another philosophical theme , a philosophical slow-burner , close to hand .
in the presence of the present , we have a very modernism example that keeps over time .
in the present , we have a very modern example , which is always filling the dawn of time .

jene von ihnen , die wirklich an kunst interessiert sind , können hier klicken – aber ich klicke das jetzt weg .
for those of you who are truly interested in art , you can click this -- but i &apos;m going to click this off right now .
those of you who are really interested in art can be clicking here -- but i &apos;m going to click this now .
those of you who are really interested in art , can click here -- but i click the way .

man muss natürlich zur batterie hin kommunizieren , man muss auch hin ins netz kommunizieren können , und das ist sehr kompliziert .
you have to be able to cater for the battery of course , and for the network , and that is very complicated .
you have to communicate to the battery , you also have to communicate to the net , and that &apos;s very complicated .
you have to communicate for batteries , you also have to communicate into the web , and that &apos;s very complicated .

insbesondere erschüttern mich die letzten beiden wörter unter &quot; near antonyms &quot; &quot; ganz &quot; und &quot; gesund &quot; .
i find the last two words under &quot; near antonyms , &quot; particularly unsettling : &quot; whole &quot; and &quot; wholesome . &quot;
and in particular , i &apos;m going to get the last two words under &quot; antarctica &quot; all &quot; and &quot; healthy &quot; . &quot;
in particular , the last two words under &quot; antarctica &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; really &quot; and &quot; healthy . &quot;

das geheimnis zur glücklichkeit -- das ist wofür sie alle gekommen sind -- das geheimnis zur glücklichkeit sind niedrige erwartungen .
the secret to happiness -- this is what you all came for -- the secret to happiness is low expectations .
the secret to happiness -- that &apos;s what they all came to -- the secret to happiness is low expectations .
the secret to happiness -- that &apos;s what they all came from -- the secret to happiness is low expectations .

jetzt denken wir , unsere liebe zu geschichten hängt daran , dass wir als kind auf dem schoß unserer eltern gesessen haben .
now we think that our love of stories is based on the fact that we sat in the lap of our parents .
now we think our love to stories about that we have as a child on the lap of our parents .
now we think our love to stories is that we have a child on our parents .

aber in dem neuen projekt , an dem ich arbeite , mein neuer film , untersuchen wir die welt des marketing , der werbung .
but in the new project that i &apos;m working on , my new film , we examine the world of marketing , advertising .
but in the new project that i work on , my new film , we study the world of marketing , advertising .
but in the new project i work on , my new film , we study the world of marketing , advertising .

deshab sagen die voodooisten gerne , &quot; ihr weißen geht in die kirche und sprecht über gott .
that &apos;s why the voodooists like to say that &quot; you white people go to church and speak about god .
the voodosts like to say , &quot; your white goes to church and talk about god .
desperate says the voodoodooists , &quot; your white white goes to the church and about god .

aber normalerweise habe ich ein accessoire , wie sonnenbrillen , oder ein schmuck und so ein zeugs .
but usually i have an accessory , like sunglasses , or i like crystal and things like that too .
but i usually have a trip of how sunglasses , or a jewelry and such a stuff .
but usually i have a remote soap , like sunglasses , or a dirty and so forth .

und wenn sie den exakt in der mitte zwischen zwei gleichgroßen heuhafen platzieren , dann verhungert er .
and if you put it exactly between two equally big haystacks , it will starve .
and if you place the exact exactly in the middle between two big hairs , it loses .
and if you put the exact act act act between two big hairs , then it rains .

das erzähle ich auch immer den politikern , wenn sie in berlin-adlershof unsere anlage besichtigen .
that &apos;s what i always tell the politicians , when they look at our plant in berlin-adlershof .
that &apos;s what i &apos;m telling the politicians , if they are in berlin , our facility .
that &apos;s what i &apos;m talking about as well as the politicians , when they go to liberty of our facility .

es stellt sich heraus , dass miguel den größten teil seiner karriere im mikumi nationalpark in afrika verbracht hat .
it turns out , miguel spent the better part of his career in the mikumi national park in africa .
it turns out that miguel has spent the biggest part of his career in miki national park in africa .
it turns out that miguel has spent the largest part of his career in mid-national park in africa .

möchten sie unten weit geschnitten , kegelig , blah blah blah ... &quot; und so weiter erzählte er .
you want boot cut , you want tapered , blah blah blah ... &quot; on and on he went .
if you want to cut down far , cookie , blah blah blah blah ... and so he kept telling him .
you want to cut far down , cookie , blah blah blah ... &quot; and so on he said .

sie ist das symbol all dessen , was wir sind und wozu wir als erstaunlich wissbegierige spezies fähig sind .
it &apos;s the symbol of all that we are and all that we can be as an astonishingly inquisitive species .
it &apos;s the symbol of all of what we are and what we are capable of doing as an astonishing species .
it &apos;s the symbol of what we are and to be amazing as an amazing species .

ich möchte die wissenschaft nicht aufgeben , aber gleichzeitig fühlt es sich manchmal so an , als ob die wissenschaft sich selbstständig macht .
i don &apos;t want to give up the science , but at the same time it kind of feels sometimes like the science is coming out from under us .
i don &apos;t want to give up science , but at the same time it feels like science is constantly changing .
i don &apos;t want to give you the science , but at the same time , it feels like science is constantly making self-interest .

denjenigen , die wirklich eine auswahl treffen wollen , werden 20 fonds angeboten , nicht 300 oder mehr fonds .
for those people who actually want to choose , they &apos;re given 20 funds , not 300 or more funds .
denies that really want to make a choice will offend 20 fonds , not 300 or more fonds .
those who really want to make a choice , 20 fonds are not 300 or more fonds .

und hier sehen sie mich , als ich versuchte beim testen der sensoren , die das wasser öffneten , nicht nass zu werden .
and here was myself trying not to get wet , testing the sensors that open the water .
and here you see me , as i was trying to get the test of sensors that opened the water , not to be wet .
and here you see me when i was trying to test the sensors of the sensors that opened the water , not to be fun .

robert gupta : ich möchte etwas spielen , das ich unverschämterweise den cellisten gestohlen habe .
robert gupta : i &apos;m going to play something that i shamelessly stole from cellists .
robert gupta : i want to play a little bit that i &apos;ve chosen the cest digit .
robert gupta : i want to play a little bit that i did not have the most unprecedented .

wenn sie mich dies nun vor einem jahr gefragt hätten , wäre ich nicht in der lage gewesen , ihnen dies mit gewissheit zu sagen .
now if you &apos;d have asked me that a year ago , i wouldn &apos;t have been able to tell you that with any certainty .
now if you had asked me this a year ago , i wouldn &apos;t have been able to tell you this in a certain way .
now if you asked me this a year ago , i wouldn &apos;t have been able to tell you this with certain wisdom .

vinod khosla investiert in dutzende firmen die tolle sachen machen und interessante möglichkeiten haben und ich versuche das zu unterstützen .
vinod khosla &apos;s investing in dozens of companies that are doing great things and have interesting possibilities , and i &apos;m trying to help back that .
vinkhoshosla investing in dozens of companies who have great things and interesting ways , and i try to support this .
vincent khosla investes in dozens of companies that make great things and interesting opportunities , and i try to support that .

und wir fuhren in schulbezirke , in denen firmen sich ihren weg bahnen in verarmte schulen , in ganz amerika .
and we went to school districts where now companies are making their way into cash-strapped schools all across america .
and we drove to school districts where companies can dip their way into their paths , all across america .
and we went to school districts where companies were going to go to their way into armstrong schools , in all america .

er hat sich dann dieses diesen diesen helm da gebastelt , und in in der kooperation mit dem museum ist das gelaufen .
he then made this this this helmet , and it took place in in cooperation with the museum .
he then built this helmet with this helmet , and in the cooperation with the museum is the yellow .
he then got this helmet of this helmet , and in the cooperation with the museum , this is the money .

aber je mehr ich über seine frage nachdachte , um so mehr dachte ich , dass es etwas weibliches im feminismus geben könnte .
but the more i thought about his question , the more i thought there might be something feminine about feminism .
but the more i thought about his demand , the more i thought that there could be something in feminism .
but the more i thought about his question , and the more i thought that there could be a female in feminism .

wir sprachen darüber , dass sich nichts verändert hat seit der zeit des uralten indischen epos &quot; mahabharata . &quot;
and we were in conversation about how nothing had changed since the time of the ancient indian epic &quot; the mahabharata . &quot;
we talked about it that nothing changed since the ancient indian emahaba .
we talked about that nothing has changed since the ancient indian poland pohabata &apos;s &quot; mahabata . &quot;

und so kann ich eine evolution über millionen von jahren im computer innerhalb weniger minuten durchlaufen lassen . oder in komplizierteren fällen einige stunden .
so i can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution on that within the computer in a few minutes , or in the complicated cases , in a few hours .
and so i can run a evolution of millions of years in the computer in less minutes , or in more complicated cases , some hours .
and so i can run a evolution over millions of years in the computer within a few minutes , or in complicated cases , some hours .

es gibt viele plätze in der welt , und wir haben von vielen von ihnen gehört , deren problem nicht die zu große auswahl ist .
there are lots of places in the world , and we have heard about several of them , where their problem is not that they have too much choice .
there are lots of places in the world , and we &apos;ve heard about many of them whose problem is not the big choice .
there &apos;s a lot of places in the world , and we &apos;ve heard of many of them whose problem is not the big choice .

ihre jäger konnten den urin eines tieres aus 40 schritten entfernung riechen und bestimmen , zu welcher tierart dieser gehörte .
their hunters could smell animal urine at 40 paces and tell you what species left it behind .
their hunters could smell the uranium of a 40-odd smell and determine what animal species heard .
their hunters were able to smell the copyright from a 40 steps , and to determine what animal species heard .

um weihnachten herum liefen , bei mir zu hause in tennessee , eine milliarde tonnen kohleschlamm aus .
around christmas , in my home in tennessee , a billion gallons of coal sludge was spilled .
to get christmas around with me at home in tennessee , a billion tons of lips from light .
in order to make christmas around me at home in tennessee , a billion tons of colions .

und ich werde ihnen zeigen , wie er funktioniert . das ist ein trick , der mindestens seit den 1950ern in jedem zauberbuch für kinder steht .
and i &apos;m going to show you how it works . this is a trick that &apos;s been in every children &apos;s magic book since at least the 1950s .
and i &apos;m going to show you how it works . this is a trick that has been at least in the 1950s in every magic book for children .
and i &apos;m going to show you how it works . this is a trick that &apos;s at least since 1950s in the 1950s for kids .

bei minus 271 grad also , kälter als der raum zwischen den sternen , können diese drähte die spannung aushalten .
so at minus 271 degrees , colder than the space between the stars , those wires can take that current .
so at minus 271 degrees , as a colder between the stars , these wires can hold up .
so , at minus 271 degrees , colder than the room between the stars , can hold these wires .

aber immer am rand ihrer fähigkeiten , also müssen sie sich anstrengen . aber es gibt keine arbeitslosigkeit in world of warcraft .
but it is on the verge of what you &apos;re capable of . so , you have to try hard , but there &apos;s no unemployment in world of warcraft .
but always on the edge of their skies , so they have to bend . but there &apos;s no unemployment in the world of warcraft .
but always at the edge of your abilities , so you have to look at yourself , but there &apos;s no employment in the world of warning .

nathan myhrvold und ich finanzieren eine firma , die , vielleicht überraschenderweise , den nuklearen ansatz verfolgt .
nathan myhrvold and i actually are backing a company that , perhaps surprisingly , is actually taking the nuclear approach .
nathan myhrvold and i fund a company that may be surprising , the nuclear approach , the nuclear approach .
nathan myhrvold , and i funded a company that might be surprising to follow the numerous nuclear approach .

der vorsitzende von coca-cola hat gerade eingewilligt , ein großes test-projekt mit hundert einheiten in entwicklungsländern zu starten .
the chairman of coca-cola has just agreed to do a major test of hundreds of units of this in the developing world .
the head of coca-cola has just been commissioned to launch a big test project with a hundred units in the developing world .
the council of coca-cola has just given a big test project with a hundred units in developing countries .

wir dachten uns also , dass wir uns dieser herausforderung annehmen würden und ein exoskelett erschaffen , das dabei helfen würde , mit diesem problem umzugehen .
so we thought we would look at this challenge and create an exoskeleton that would help deal with this issue .
so we thought we would take this challenge and create an exotic skeleton that would help deal with this problem .
so we thought that we would take this challenge and create an exoskeletal skeleton that would help with this problem .

das sind einige kinder die auf einem ausflug zum media lab kamen . ich konnte sie dazu bewegen , es auszuprobieren und habe ein video davon aufgenommen .
so these are some kids that came on a field trip to the media lab , and i managed to get them to try it out , and shoot a video .
these are some of the kids who came out on a flight trip to the media lab , and i could make them move and take a video of it .
these are some kids who came to the media lab , and i could move them to try and take a video of it .

und zwar geht es darum , dass ich eine stadt entdecke , indem ich schaue , an welchen orten positiv oder negativ getwittert wurde .
the point of the game is that i discover a city by looking at which places have been mentioned positively or negatively on twitter .
and that &apos;s why i &apos;m going to look at a city by looking at what places are positive or negative .
and that &apos;s why i &apos;m looking at a city by looking at where places are positive or negative .

das ist eine aufnahme von wirklicher design-software an der wir arbeiten , mit der man sich tatsächlich hinsetzen und neue spezies am computer designen kenn
this is a screen snapshot of some true design software that we &apos;re working on to actually be able to sit down and design species in the computer .
this is a shot of real design software that we &apos;re working on with , actually , and new species of computers at the computer design .
this is a picture of real design software that we &apos;re working on , where you &apos;re actually building yourself and design new species on the computer .

dann wandert es in die vergangenheit und somit kann ich sehr elegant wartezeiten zum beispiel am computer überbrücken , wenn ich dieses phänomen kenne .
then it will turn into the past and , in that way , i can bridge waiting times at the computer for example in a very elegant way , if i know this phenomenon .
then it walks into the past , and so i can overwhelm time at the computer , for example , if i know this phenomenon .
and then it goes into the past and so i can test very elegant for example , for example , at the computer , if i know this phenomenon .

stuxnet verhielt sich wie eine laborratte , die unseren käse nicht mochte – schnüffelte dran , aber wollte ihn nicht essen .
stuxnet behaved like a lab rat that didn &apos;t like our cheese -- sniffed , but didn &apos;t want to eat .
stuxnet was like a lab of rats that didn &apos;t like our cheese -- muffed , but didn &apos;t want to eat it .
stupixed like a labeled rat that didn &apos;t like our cheese -- bust , but didn &apos;t want it to eat it .

stellen sie sich ein triebwerk vor , das klack , klack , klack , klack , klack , klack , klack macht .
imagine an engine going clack , clack , clack , clack , clack , clack , clack .
imagine a crap that &apos;s cloning , cloning , claws , claws , claws , claws , claws .
imagine a toy piece , the sound , klack , klack , klack , klack , klack , sound , sound .

in meinem antrag erklärte ich , dass fehlverhalten der staatsanwaltschaft und der polizei sowie verfahrensfehler zu berücksichtigen seien .
and i put in my motion that there was prosecutorial misconduct and police misconduct and judicial misconduct .
in my contribute , i explained that misbehavior of the sanitation of sanitation and police are consistent with failures .
in my assignment , i explained that failing behavior of the national sanity and the police and the police are too careful .

wie wenn sie eine websuche für bilder vornehmen , wo sie sätze eingeben und der text der website enthält viele informationen darüber , welches bild das ist .
like when you do a web search for images , you type in phrases , and the text on the web page is carrying a lot of information about what that picture is of .
how if you take a web for pictures , where you put sentences and contain the text on the website a lot of information that is the picture .
as if you take a web search for images , where you give sentences , and the website contains a lot of information about what the image is .

tatsächlich wird dieser berg von trümmern jedes mal von fischern angesammelt , wenn sie in bereiche fahren , in denen noch nie gefischt wurde .
this mountain of debris is actually collected by fishers every time they go into an area that &apos;s never been fished .
in fact , this mountain of trumps are collecting each time from fisheries , when they drive in areas where they &apos;ve never been fished .
in fact , this mountain of trash is collected every time they drive in areas where they &apos;ve never been fished .

hier war eine firma , die zu lösen versuchte , was dieses unvorstellbare problem für unsere köche geworden ist . wie behalten wir fisch auf unseren speisekarten ?
here was a company trying to solve what &apos;s become this unimaginable problem for us chefs : how do we keep fish on our menus ?
here was a company trying to solve what was this unbelievable problem for our heads . how do we keep fish on our menu ?
here was a company trying to solve what this imaginable problem has become for our heads . how do we keep fish on our seats ?

dan gilbert hat einen großen punkt heute morgen gemacht indem er erzählte wie sehr die art in der wir dinge bewerten , davon abhängt zu was wir es vergleichen .
dan gilbert made a big point this morning of talking about how much the way in which we value things depends on what we compare them to .
dan gilbert has made a big point on this morning by telling how much the way we evaluate things , depending on what we compare .
dan gilbert made a big point today by telling how much the way that we do things about what we compare it .

und wie wir dinge auch sehen , auf was wir achten und wie wir uns sozusagen auch gegen unserer umwelt absichern , damit wir das entsprechend überlegen können .
and the way we see things , what we pay attention to and how we guard ourselves against our environment so to speak , so that we can consider it accordingly .
and as we see things , as we look at , and as we kind of look forward against our environment , we can think of it as well .
and as we see things , as we &apos;re looking at , and as we &apos;re sort of looking at our environment , so that we can think about it .

und dann suchten wir nach timern und datenstrukturen und versuchten , diese mit der echten welt in verbindung zu bringen -- mit potentiellen zielen in der echten welt .
and then we were looking for timers and data structures and trying to relate them to the real world -- to potential real world targets .
and then we went to titanic and dates and tried to connect these real world with real world -- with potential goals in the real world .
and then we looked for timing and data structures and tried to connect this with the real world -- with potential places in the real world .

als ich den hauptmann fand , hatte er gerade in eine sehr ernste unterhaltung mit der hausbesitzerin , die sicherlich einen der schlimmsten tage ihres lebens hatte .
when i found the captain , he was having a very engaging conversation with the homeowner , who was surely having one of the worst days of her life .
when i found the main man , he just had a very serious entertainment with the households that certainly had one of the worst days of her life .
when i found the main man , he just had a very serious conversation with the households that had certainly one of the worst days of her life .

sie können das sehen , wenn wir diese art von ansichten kreieren , bei denen wir durch bilder durchdringen können und diese erfahrung der mehrfachen resolution machen .
you can see that when we kind of do these sorts of views , where we can dive through images and have this kind of multi-resolution experience .
you can see that when we create these kinds of views where we can go through images through images , and make this experience of the multiplicity .
you can see that when we create this kind of insight where we can run through images and make this experience of a couple of times .

aber ich hatte das große glück , ihn sehr früh , mit dreizehn jahren , kennenzulernen und so war ich schon zu meiner schulzeit auf seinen kursen .
but i had the good fortune to meet him at a very young age , when i was thirteen , and so i always attended his courses while i was at school .
but i was very fortunate to meet him at age three , 10 years old , and so i was already at my high school curator .
but i had the great fortune , very early , with three years of learning , and so i was already at my school time .

triplets dieser buchstaben -- diese buchstaben kodieren ungefähr 20 aminosäuren ; und hier gibt es eine einzelne bestimmung für jede dieser aminosäuren .
triplets of those letters code for roughly 20 amino acids , such that there &apos;s a single letter designation for each of the amino acids .
triplets of these letters -- these letters are about 20 amino acids , and here &apos;s a single particular point for each of these amino acids .
tribes of these letters -- these letters are about 20 amino acids ; and there &apos;s a single particular one for each of these amino acids .

damals , als der große indische kriegerprinz arjuna durst hatte , nahm er einen bogen , schoss in den boden und wasser trat hervor .
back then , when arjuna , the great indian warrior prince , when he was thirsty , he &apos;d take out a bow , he &apos;d shoot it into the ground and water would come out .
at the time , when the great indian war german arana was allowed , he took a bow in the ground and water joined .
at that time , when the great indian war prinz had helped june june , he took a bow , shocked into the ground and water .

die gute nachricht ist , dass technologie es möglich macht , die funktion der regierung grundlegend umzudeuten in einer weise , die tatsächlich etwas erreichen kann indem sie die gesellschaft stärkt .
the good news is that technology is making it possible to fundamentally reframe the function of government in a way that can actually scale by strengthening civil society .
the good news is that technology can make it possible , the function of the government , in a way that can actually achieve something by empowering society .
the good news is that technology is possible to make the function of the government of basic government in a way that actually can achieve something by empowering society .

nein , ich habe micht tatsächlich von diesem fisch entliebt , weil , ich schwöre bei gott , der fisch nach dieser unterhaltung nach hühnchen geschmeckt hat .
no , i actually fell out of love with this fish because , i swear to god , after that conversation , the fish tasted like chicken .
no , i actually love this fish from this fish , because i swear to god , the fish after this conversation had snuff .
no , i actually loved from this fish , because i swear in god , looking for this entertainment .

also , das weckte wirklich mein interesse und wir begannen damit zu arbeiten , beinahe rund um die uhr , denn ich dachte , nun , wir wissen nicht , was das ziel ist .
so that really got my attention , and we started to work on this nearly around the clock , because i thought , &quot; well , we don &apos;t know what the target is .
so , this really got my interest , and we started working on it , almost around the clock , because i thought , well , we don &apos;t know what the goal is .
so , the weather really took my interest , and we started working with this , almost around the clock , because i thought , well , we don &apos;t know what the goal is .

ich verbringe den großteil meiner zeit mit den sozial schwächsten in den sozialbausiedlungen und an orten , an denen es sehr viel hoffnungslosigkeit gibt .
i spend most of my time in very low-income communities in the projects and places where there &apos;s a great deal of hopelessness .
i spend most of my time with the social weakest in the social settings and places where there &apos;s a lot of hopeful .
i spend most of my time with the social weakest in the social building settlements and places where there &apos;s a lot of hopeful .

wir wollen die welt der erschaffer , der erfinder , der mitwirkenden ermutigen , denn diese welt , in der wir leben , diese interaktive welt , gehört uns .
we want to encourage a world of creators , of inventors , of contributors , because this world that we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
we want to create the world of errors , the inventors , the contribution , because this world , in which we live in , these interactive world , we know ourselves .
we want the world of creation , the inventor , the inventor , of encouraging , because these world , in which we live in , these interactive world , belongs to us .

und viele diskussionen , die ich in den letzten sechs jahren hatte , waren ähnlich wie die diskussion , die ich in den letzten dreißig jahren hatte zum thema photovoltaik .
and many discussions i had in the last six years were similar to the discussion i had in the last thirty years regarding photovoltaics .
and a lot of discussions that i &apos;ve had in the last six years were similar to the discussion that i &apos;ve had in the last three years , in photovoltaics .
and a lot of discussions that i had in the last six years were similar to the discussion that i had in the last three years in the last three years .

und ich wäre glücklich ihnen sagen zu können , dass meine schlimmsten fehler nur in den ersten fünf jahren passierten , was vielen meiner kollegen behaupten , aber totaler unsinn ist .
and i &apos;d like to be able to say to you that my worst mistakes only happened in the first five years of practice as many of my colleagues say , which is total b.s .
and i would be happy to tell you that my worst mistake only happened in the first five years of age , which is a lot of my colleagues , but i think that &apos;s really nonsense .
and i would be happy to tell you that my worst mistake was only passive in the first five years , which is a lot of my colleagues , but is total nonprofit .

dies ist ayahuasca , von der viele von ihnen gehört haben , das stärkste psychoaktive präparat aus dem repertoire des schamanen .
this is ayahuasca , which many of you have heard about , the most powerful psychoactive preparation of the shaman &apos;s repertoire .
this is ayahuasca , which many of you have heard about , the most powerful psychoactive parliament of the repertoire of the shame .
this is ayahuasca that many of you have heard of the most powerful psychoactive parties from the reef of the shame .

das heißt , der interpret muss diese ungenauen angaben der notensprache in eine andere , nämlich hörbare , konkrete , nonverbale musiksprache übersetzen .
this means that the interpreter must translate these imprecise indications in the language of notes into a different , which is to say an audible , concrete , non-verbal musical language .
that means that the interpret has to translate this unprecedented language into a different , solicitable , concrete , non-verbal language .
that means that the interpret has to interpret this unprecedented language in a different , which is audible , concrete , nonverbal music language .

man steigt in diese kapsel , dann schwebt man in diese dunkle , feindselige umgebung hinunter , wo keine hoffnung auf rettung besteht , wenn man es nicht selbst zurück schafft .
you get in this capsule , you go down to this dark hostile environment where there is no hope of rescue if you can &apos;t get back by yourself .
you go into this capsule , then you float into this dark , hostile environment , where there &apos;s no hope for rescue , if you don &apos;t make it back .
you go into this capsule , you sweep into this dark , hostile environment , where no hope in rescue , if you don &apos;t get back to yourself .

und wenn sie über zwanzig , dreißig prozent erneuerbaren energien gehen wollen , also energie pro jahr , nicht die leistung im moment , dann müssen sie den diesel ausschalten .
and if you want to exceed twenty , thirty percent renewable energies , you have to switch off diesel .
and if you want to go over 20 percent renewable energy , so energy per year , not the performance at the moment , you have to turn the el off .
and if you want to go over 20 , three percent renewable energy , so energy per year , not the performance at the moment , you have to turn the el .

nun , wenn sie es ausrechnen , kauften die menschen sechs mal eher ein glas marmelade , wen sie sechs zur auswahl hatten , als wenn sie 24 zur auswahl hatten .
now if you do the math , people were at least six times more likely to buy a jar of jam if they encountered six than if they encountered 24 .
now , if you calculated it , people bought six times more than a glass beard , who they had six choice when they had 24 choices .
well , if you calculate it , people bought six times more than a glass march , who they had six choice when they had 24 choice .

es ist so , dass diese verbindungen , ihre verbindungen mit all den dingen um sie herum , buchstäblich definieren wer sie sind . und das ist das tiefsinnige und seltsame der quantenmechanik .
it &apos;s that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define who you are , and that &apos;s the profound weirdness of quantum mechanics .
it &apos;s so that these connections , their connections with all the things around them , literally who they are , and that &apos;s the profound and weird and strange quantum mechanics .
it &apos;s so that these connections , their connections with all the things around them , literally define who they are , and that &apos;s the profound and strange source of quantum .

ich würde es so umschreiben : nicht der stärkste seiner art überlebt , und auch nicht der intelligenteste seiner art , sondern der , der sich veränderungen am besten anpassen kann .
to paraphrase : it &apos;s not the strongest of the species that survives , nor is it the most intelligent that survives ; it is the one that is most adaptable to change .
i would write it like this : not the most powerful of his species , and not the most intelligent of his species , but the change that can adapt to the best changes .
i would write it like this : not the most powerful of his kind of life , and also not the most intelligent thing of his way , but the change can fit in the best way .

es ist nicht nur &quot; code for america &quot; fellows , es gibt hunderte von menschen im ganzen land , die aufstehen und regierungs-apps schreiben , jeden tag in ihren eigenen gemeinden .
it &apos;s not just code for america fellows , there are hundreds of people all over the country that are standing and writing civic apps every day in their own communities .
it &apos;s not just &quot; code for free , &quot; there are hundreds of people all over the country who stand up and regime every day , every day in their own communities .
it &apos;s not just &quot; code for america , &quot; there are hundreds of people all over the country who are in the country and the government apps , every day in their own communities .

als ich etwa 14 oder 15 war , kam eines tages mein bruder nach hause und brachte dieses sixpack bier mit schnappte sich meine schwester und mich und ging mit uns in den wald .
when i was about 14 or 15 , one day my brother came home and he had this six-pack of beer -- i don &apos;t know where he got it -- and he grabbed me and my sister and we went out in the woods .
when i was about 14 or 15 , one day my brother came home , and he got this little danger with napper and my sister , and i went to the forest .
when i was about 14 or 15 or 15 , one day my brother came home and brought this little piece of little bible with my sister , and i went to the forest .

und es ist äußerst wahrscheinlich , dass alles , was ich von jetzt an schreiben werde von der welt als die arbeit bewertet wird , die nach dem abgefahrenen erfolg meines letzten buches kam , richtig ?
and it &apos;s exceedingly likely that anything i write from this point forward is going to be judged by the world as the work that came after the freakish success of my last book , right ?
and it &apos;s very likely that all i &apos;m going to write from now in the world as the work that &apos;s being reviewed after the success of my last book , right ?
and it &apos;s very likely that everything i &apos;m going to write about now from the world as a work that came after the last success of my book , right ?

wenn in einer umgebung , wo die erwachsenen aktiv musik machen oder zumindest aktiv musik hören , ein kind aufwächst , dann ist es ganz leicht für einen musiklehrer , zu fragen , welche farbe hat deine blume ?
when a child grows up in an environment where the adults actively make music or at least actively listens to music , it &apos;s very easy for a music teacher to ask , what color is your flower ?
when in an environment , where the adults make music or actively actively active music , a child grows , it &apos;s very easy for a music teacher to ask , what color is your blood flower ?
if in a environment where the adults are active music or active music , a child grows up , then it &apos;s very easy to ask for a music teacher to ask , what color has your flower ?

und dort werden wohl so ziemlich die härtesten vertreter der straßenkunstszene anwesend sein – banksy , shepard fairey , caws – all diese jungs werden dort sein .
and &quot; art of the streets &quot; is going to have pretty much the bad-asses of the street art scene -- banksy , shepard fairey , kaws -- all of these guys will be there .
and there may be pretty much the toughest representatives of the street art scene -- bankers , sheet of parider , rey , caws -- all these guys will be there .
and there will be pretty much the toughest stairs of the street art scene -- banking , shed parid rey , catholic -- all these guys will be there .

die kleinigkeit , die wir hinzu gefügt haben , war , dass wir die menschen gebeten haben , einfach an alle positiven dinge zu denken , die in ihren leben passieren würden , wenn sie geld sparen würden .
the one little thing we added was we asked people to just think about all the positive things that would happen in your life if you saved more .
the little bit that we felt was that we asked people to just think about all the positive things that would happen in their lives if they were going to save money .
the smallest thing that we felt was that we asked people to think about all positive things that would happen in their lives , if they were going to save money .

was passiert , ist offensichtlich , dass geld einem kein erlebnis-glück beschafft , aber dass mangel an geld einem sicherlich elend beschafft , und wir können dieses elend sehr , sehr klar messen .
clearly , what is happening is money does not buy you experiential happiness , but lack of money certainly buys you misery , and we can measure that misery very , very clearly .
what happens is , obviously , money doesn &apos;t complain a experience of happiness , but that lack of money is certainly accessible , and we can measure this very elaborate , very clear .
what happens is , obviously , money is not a experience of happiness , but that lack of money is certainly accumulating money , and we can measure this very clear , very clear .

wenn sie sich jetzt die extreme ansehen , die pläne , die zwei fonds anboten , hatten eine teilnahmerate in den siebzigern -- immer noch nicht so hoch , wie wir es wollen .
so if you look at the extremes , those plans that offered you two funds , participation rates were around in the mid-70s -- still not as high as we want it to be .
if you look at the extreme , the plans that had two fonds , a submersible in the seventh -- still not as high as we want .
now , if you look at the extreme , the plans that had two fonds amongst , a particle in the seventh -- still not as high as we want to .

wenn etwas von dem was den menschen unserer gesellschaft ermöglicht so entscheidungen zu treffen zu den gesellschaften in denen menschen zu wenig auswahl haben verschoben würde , würde nicht nur das leben der menschen verbessert , sondern unseres würde auch verbessert werden .
if some of what enables people in our societies to make all of the choices we make were shifted to societies in which people have too few options , not only would those people &apos;s lives be improved , but ours would be improved also .
if something that could enable people to make the lives of our society so that societies would have a little bit of choice , not only would life improve the lives of people , but would improve our dignity .
if one of the things that people enable to make decisions of our society so much decisions in the societies where people would have chosen a little more choice , not only would live the lives of people &apos;s lives , but would be improved also improved .

dieser siftable ist für die videowiedergabe konfiguriert und wenn ich ihn in eine richtung kippe , wird das video vorwärts abgespielt ; wenn ich ihn in die andere richtung kippe , läuft es rückwärts .
this siftable is configured to show video , and if i tilt it in one direction , it &apos;ll roll the video this way ; if i tilt it the other way it rolls it backwards .
this is for the video reconciliation , and if i put it in a direction , the video is played forward , when i walk it towards the other direction , it &apos;s going backwards .
this sistable is for the video reconciliation , and when i put it in a direction , the video is played down , when i go to the other direction , it &apos;s backwards .

die kanadische regierung ist nicht immer sehr gut mit den inuit umgegangen und während der 50iger jahre im zuge der etablierung unserer herrschaft , wurden sie gezwungen , in siedlungen zu ziehen .
the canadian government has not always been kind to the inuit people , and during the 1950s , to establish our sovereignty , we forced them into settlements .
the canadian government is not always very good with the inuit , and during the age of 50th century , they were forced to be forced to move into settlements .
the canadian government is not always very good with the inuit , and during the 50th years , the 50th years of our creation , they were forced to move in settlements .

deshalb ziehe ich es vor , das ganze lieber auf deutsch zu tun , denn wenn ich es auch noch einmal ins englische übersetzen müsste , wäre es für mich gleichbedeutend mit übersetzung der übersetzung der übersetzung .
that &apos;s why i prefer to do it all in german , because if i &apos;d have to translate it into english , that would be like the translation of the translation of the translation .
that &apos;s why i prefer to do the whole thing , because if i had to translate it into english , it would be meaningful to me with the translation of translation .
that &apos;s why i want to do that all of the way in german , because if i had to translate it again in english , it would be meaningful for me with translation of translation .

die gallup organization hat eine weltweite umfrage , bei der mehr als einer halben million leute fragen gestellt worden sind darüber , was sie über ihr leben denken und über ihre erlebnisse . und es gab andere bemühungen in der richtung .
the gallup organization has a world poll where more than half a million people have been asked questions about what they think of their life and about their experiences , and there have been other efforts along those lines .
the gallup , has a worldwide survey , where more than half a million people have been asked about what they think about their lives and their experiences . and there were other efforts in the direction .
the gallons of gallons have asked a global question where more than half a million people have been asked about what they think about their lives and about their experiences , and there were other places in the direction .

ich bin dem premium-kola-mensch dankbar , dass dass er das wort nochmal wieder rehabilitiert hat , weil nach dem mauerfall durfte man das wort gar nicht mehr benutzen , weil alles linke war ja schlecht .
i &apos;m grateful to the person behind premium cola that he rehabilitated that word again , because after the wall came down nobody was allowed to use that word , because everything left-wing was bad .
i &apos;m the premi-cola-colonial that he returned the word again , because after the walls , you couldn &apos;t use the word anymore , because everything was bad .
i &apos;m the premi-cola man man thank you that he reformed the word again again , because after the wall , you didn &apos;t use the word anymore , because everything was bad .

die spieleindustrie entwickelt konsolen , die energie sparen und auf mobilfunknetzen arbeiten , statt dem breitband-internet , damit spieler auf der ganzen welt , besonders in indien , china , brasilien online spielen können .
the game industry is developing consoles that are low energy and that work with the wireless phone networks instead of broadband internet so that gamers all over the world , particularly in india , china , brazil , can get online .
the game industry develops consolation , the energy and mobile devices , instead of the broadcasting internet , so that players around the world can play , particularly in india , china , in china , in brazil .
the game industry is developing contemporary soles to save energy and work on mobile devices , instead of the broader internet , so that players around the world , in particular , in india , china , can play online .

die zweite sache , die ich an diesem tag lernte – und das war , als wir die george washington brücke verfehlten , so ziemlich um haaresbreite – da dachte ich , mensch , da ist eine sache , die ich wirklich bereue .
the second thing i learned that day -- and this is as we clear the george washington bridge , which was by not a lot -- i thought about , wow , i really feel one real regret .
the second thing that i learned about this day -- and that was when we missed george washington , as much as to hesitation -- there i thought , there &apos;s one thing that i really advance .
the second thing that i learned on this day -- and that was when we eradicated the george washington bridge , so much about hazard -- because i thought , man , there &apos;s one thing i really have .

in einem fall hat man vielleicht jemand mit einer xy chromosomenbasis , und das sry gen des y chomosoms läßt die protogonaden , die wir fötalen stadium alle haben , zu hoden heranwachsen .
so in one instance , you can have somebody who has an xy chromosomal basis , and that sry gene on the y chromosome tells the proto-gonads , which we all have in the fetal life , to become testes .
in a case , you might have someone with xxy chromosomes , and the sry of the chevoomo &apos;s protocol is coming out of the spots that we have ever had to grow all the testicles .
in a case , you might have somebody with a xy chromosomy , and the sry of chy ooms , we have the protocos that we have all the fatal stakes to grow up .

und ich verließ das medizinstudium mit der eindruck das ich , falls ich alles auswendig kannte und alles wusste , oder zumindest soviel wie möglich , so nahe an vollständigkeit wie möglich , dass ich immun gegen das machen von fehlern sei .
and i came out of medical school with the impression that if i memorized everything and knew everything , or as much as possible , as close to everything as possible , that it would immunize me against making mistakes .
and i left the medical school with the impression that i knew if i knew everything i knew and knew everything , or at least as much as possible as possible as possible as possible as possible as i could do against misses .
and i left the medical study with the impression , if i knew everything that i knew and knew everything , or at least as much as possible as possible , as possible as possible , that i could do it against errors .

und weil ich ohne wadenbeine geboren wurde , und meine füße sich nach ihnen gerichtet hatten und ich nur ein paar zehen an diesem und ein paar zehen am anderen fuß hatte war er der überbringer , dieser fremde musste die schlechten nachrichten überbringen .
and , because i was born without the fibula bones , and had feet turned in , and a few toes in this foot and a few toes in that , he had to be the bearer -- this stranger had to be the bearer of bad news .
and because i was born without a washing legs , and my feet had moved to court , and i had just got a few toes , and a few toes on the other foot , he was the overwhelmed , this strangers had to get the bad news .
and because i was born without elections , and my feet were looking for them , and i just had a couple of toes on this and a few toes on the other foot , he had to get the foreign news .

die hat auch drei große probleme . die kosten , vor allem in hochregulierten ländern sind hoch . die frage nach sicherheit , dass man wirklich fühlt , dass nichts schief gehen kann , trotz der menschlichen mitarbeit , dass der treibstoff nicht für waffen verwendet wird .
it also has three big problems : cost , particularly in highly regulated countries , is high ; the issue of the safety , really feeling good about nothing could go wrong , that , even though you have these human operators , that the fuel doesn &apos;t get used for weapons .
it also has three big problems . the cost of everything that are highly regulated countries , and the question is that you really feel that you can &apos;t get out of anything , despite the human labor , that the fuel is not used for weapons .
it also has three big problems . the cost of doing everything in highly regulated countries , and the question is that you really feel that nothing can go wrong , despite the human work that the fuel is not used for weapons .

und ich hab &apos; s dann bis sechsundneunzig ausgehalten und dann haben wir zusammen mit freunden bin ich mitbegründer der firma solon geworden , die dann zusammen mit dem spin-off q-<unk> einer der größten zellenhersteller der welt wurde .
and then i stuck to it until nineteen ninety six and then i became the co-founder of the company solon together with friends , which then became one of the biggest cell manufacturers in the world together with the spin-off q-cells .
and i &apos;ve gotten it all the way up to six sixth grade , and then we got together with friends , i &apos;ve become the founder of solon solar fires , which then comes together with the spin of a major cellular manufacturer in the world .
and i went to seven-six-and-a-half , and then we got together with friends , i became a founder of the company on the company , and then together with the spider q-qaeda , one of the largest cell makers in the world .

denn ... ... am ende ist es wie folgt . vor jahrhunderten haben sich in den wüsten nordafrikas menschen zu mondscheinfesten mit heiligen tänzen und musik versammelt , die stundenlang abgehalten wurden – bis zur morgendämmerung .
because -- in the end it &apos;s like this , o.k. -- centuries ago in the deserts of north africa , people used to gather for these moonlight dances of sacred dance and music that would go on for hours and hours , until dawn .
because ... at the end of it , as it follows . centuries ago , in the deserts of north africa , people would seem to be fears with sacred dances and music ; they &apos;d been collected for hours ; until mornings were merged .
because ... at the end of the end , it &apos;s followed by centuries , in the desert , in the desert northeast of people have seemed to be devastated with sacred dancers and music and collected music that were collected for hours -- until the murder .

also : sie rennt zum haus und sucht nach dem papier und das gedicht fährt durch sie hindurch und sie greift einen stift gerade als es durch sie hindurchgeht und dann – sagte sie – war es so als würde mit ihrer anderen hand danach greifen und es zu packen kriegen .
so , she &apos;s running to the house and she &apos;s looking for the paper and the poem passes through her , and she grabs a pencil just as it &apos;s going through her , and then she said , it was like she would reach out with her other hand and she would catch it .
so , she runs out to the house , and she &apos;s looking for the paper , and she &apos;s going through it , and she &apos;s going through a pen , and she &apos;s going through it , and then she said -- she said it &apos;s like she &apos;s going to attack with her other hand , and she &apos;s going to get there .
so , she says , &quot; take a house and she &apos;s looking for paper and she goes through the poem and goes through her , and she &apos;s going to take a pencil through her right now , and then she goes through her -- and then she said -- she said , &quot; -- it was like that with her hand , and she would get to get it .

das war damals ein riesen-aufschrei , weil man natürlich die lebendige sprache anfing zu manifestieren in form von schrift , das heißt was , was fluid und lebendig ist , fang ich an und meißele es in stein und damit manipuliere ich es auch .
that was a massive outcry at the time , because of course it was when the lively language started to manifest itself in writing , meaning that i took something fluid and alive and started to carve it in stone and so manipulate it .
this was a huge effort at the time , because , of course , the language began to manifest itself in the form of writing , which is what the fluid and the fluid are alive , and i size it , and i manipulate it in stone and i also get it to manipulating it .
this was a huge title at the time , because of course , you started manipulating the living language in a form of script , which is called the fluid , which is vioid and vibrating , and i &apos;m going to manifest it and manipulate it into it , and i also manipulate it .

und wenn man das ein paar minuten lang macht hat man bewirkt , dass das erlebende selbst von patient a schlechter dran ist und man hat bewirkt , dass das erinnernde selbst von patient a viel besser dran ist , denn nun hat man patient a eine bessere geschichte über seine erfahrung gegeben .
and if you do that for a couple of minutes , you have made the experiencing self of patient a worse off , and you have the remembering self of patient a a lot better off , because now you have endowed patient a with a better story about his experience .
and if you &apos;ve done that for a few minutes , you &apos;ve done that the vital life itself is a bad thing , and you &apos;ve got the memory of yourself a much better patient , because now you have given a better story about his experience .
and if you &apos;ve done this for a couple of minutes , you &apos;ve been doing this for a couple of minutes , that the living patient itself is worse , and you &apos;ve got to realize that the memory of itself is much better on your patient , because now you have a new patient about your experience .

der grund dafür ist , wenn ich es auf eine normale kurve zeichnen würde , wo , sagen wir , das hier die jahre sind , also die zeitachse einer art , und das hier ist ein beliebiges mass der technologie , welches ich mit einem graphen darstellen will , dann wird der graph albern .
well the answer is , if i drew it on a normal curve where , let &apos;s say , this is years , this is time of some sort , and this is whatever measure of the technology that i &apos;m trying to graph , the graphs look sort of silly .
the reason for this is , if i sign it up to a normal curve , where we say this is the years , so the timeline of a kind , and this is a very popular technology that i want to do with a grave , it will be the silver .
the reason for that is , if i would draw it on a normal curve , where we say , this is the years , so the timeline of a way , and this is a popular definition of technology that i want to do with a grave , then the albern graph .

und das ist dann , wenn du alle deine gefühle über politik und die schlange beim arbeitsamt und all die anderen dinge vergisst , über die wir uns wirklich aufregen , ist regierung , im kern , in den worten von tim o &apos; reilly , &quot; was wir gemeinsam tun , das wir nicht allein tun können . &quot;
and that &apos;s that when you strip away all your feelings about politics and the line at the dmv and all those other things that we &apos;re really mad about , government is , at its core , in the words of tim o &apos;reilly , &quot; what we do together that we can &apos;t do alone . &quot;
and that &apos;s when you &apos;re all feeling about your feelings of politics and the snake of working and all the other things that we &apos;re really excited about , government , in the core , in the words of tim o &apos;lly , what we &apos;re doing , we can &apos;t do that alone .
and that &apos;s when you &apos;re all of your feelings about politics and the long time of work and all the other things that we &apos;re really excited about , government , in the core words , in tim , in the core of tim , &quot; which we can &apos;t do it alone . &quot;

und aus einem gespräch heute morgen mit dean kaman , einem der innovatoren des do it yourself , möchte ich etwas mit ihnen teilen – er gab mir die erlaubnis – seine technolgie , die &quot; slingshot &quot; heißt , und von der viele von ihnen vielleicht schon gehört haben . es hat die größe eines kühlschranks im studentenheim .
and the conversation i had with dean kamen this morning , one of the great diy innovators , i &apos;d like to share with you -- he gave me permission to do so -- his technology called slingshot that many of you may have heard of , it is the size of a small dorm room refrigerator .
and from a conversation with dekaman , one of the innovators of the do , i want to share with you a little bit -- he gave me the permission -- his technique , the slingers , &quot; and many of you may have heard of . it &apos;s the size of a student at the time .
and from a conversation today with dean cake , a innovator of the innovator , i &apos;d like to share with you something -- he gave me the permission -- his engineering , &quot; which is called &quot; the slurry , &quot; and the many of you may have heard about the cooler of a student .

aber wenn sie heute im jahr 2011 einen neuen farblaserdrucker von den führenden laserdruckerfabrikanten kaufen und eine seite ausdrucken , dann hat diese seite helle gelbe flecke auf jeder seite aufgedruckt , in einem muster , das die seite eindeutig auf sie und ihren drucker rückverfolgen lässt .
but today in 2011 , if you go and buy a color laser printer from any major laser printer manufacturer and print a page , that page will end up having slight yellow dots printed on every single page in a pattern which makes the page unique to you and to your printer .
but today , when you &apos;re in 2011 , you &apos;re buying a new color printer of the leading laser prescription , and you &apos;re going to print a page , you &apos;re going to have this bright side , you &apos;re going to print on every side , you &apos;re going to see the pattern in a clearly that &apos;s going to make it look clear on its back and your backwards .
but if you &apos;re going to buy a new color printer in 2011 , a new color laser printer printer of the laser printing printing printing printing prints , and you have a page , then you have this helpful side on the side on every side , in a page that makes you clear out on your back and you can track your sugar .

ich gehöre wahrscheinlich , sind die beiden netten mädchen noch da , ich gehöre wahrscheinlich zu der generation , die für dieses schlechte öko image gesorgt hat , weil ich neunzehnhundertneunundsiebzig schon angefangen habe maschinenbau zu studieren in karlsruhe , technische hochschule , heute heißt sie , glaube ich , kit .
i probably belong , are those two friendly girls still here , i probably belong to the generation that created this bad ecological image , because i already started to study engineering at the technical university in karlsruhe in nineteen seventy nine , i think it &apos;s called kit today .
i &apos;m probably listening to these two neanderthals , because i &apos;m probably listening to the generation , which has chosen to this bad image , because i &apos;ve already launched hundreds of thousands of semi-neanderthals already to study in carrots , technical school , so that i think it &apos;s a high school today , i think you &apos;re using kit .
i &apos;m probably hearing , the two nice girls are still there , i &apos;m probably listening to the generation of this bad image for this bad image , because i &apos;ve been looking at nine-10 nine-sity-sized machine machines , i &apos;ve been starting to study r &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ;

ich hatte kürzlich eine solche begegnung als ich die außerordentliche amerikanische dichterin ruth stone traf , die nun über 90 ist , die aber ihr ganzes leben lang dichterin war . sie erzählte mir , dass sie als sie im dörflichen virginia aufwuchs draußen auf den feldern arbeitete . sie sagte , sie würde fühlen und hören können wie ein gedicht über die landschaft auf sie zukäme .
i had this encounter recently where i met the extraordinary american poet ruth stone , who &apos;s now in her 90s , but she &apos;s been a poet her entire life and she told me that when she was growing up in rural virginia , she would be out working in the fields , and she said she would feel and hear a poem coming at her from over the landscape .
i had recently encountered such an encounter when i met the extraordinary american conduction in ruth stone , which is now about 90 , but the whole life of her life was in divine . she told me that when she grew up in the villages of virginia , and she said she was able to listen to the field , and she said she could feel like a poem about the poem on her land .
i had recently met a meeting like this as i met the extraordinary american dictionary in ruth , which is now about 90 , but the whole life was in dirt . she told me that when she was growing up in the local virginia , she was working on the villages . she said she was able to listen to hear about the landscape . &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; / em &amp; gt ;

wirklich außergewöhnlich fand ich , dass er zeitungsausschnitte meiner gesamten kindheit gesammelt hat , egal , ob ich bei einem buchstabier-wettbewerb in der zweiten klasse gewonnen hatte , ob ich mit den pfadfindern bei der parade zu halloween unterwegs war , egal , ob ich mein stipendium oder einer meiner sportlichen siege errungen hatte , und er verwendete diese ausschnitte , um seine studenten zu unterrichten , medizin-studenten aus der hahnemann medical school und der hershey medical school .
the extraordinary thing is that he said he had saved newspaper clippings throughout my whole childhood , whether winning a second grade spelling bee , marching with the girl scouts , you know , the halloween parade , winning my college scholarship , or any of my sports victories , and he was using it , and integrating it into teaching resident students , med students from hahnemann medical school and hershey medical school .
i found really extraordinary , i found that he had collected all of my childhood childhood , whether i had won a letter competition in the second class , whether i had a medical school class , whether i was with the scripts at parking too much , whether i was a scholarship , whether i was a penalty or my pencil of sports , and i had these students using his medical students to come out of the medical school .
what i really found was extraordinary really extraordinary is that he collected my entire childhood at all , no matter whether i had won a letter in the second class in the second class , whether i had won the pure parties on the parallel of the parties , whether i was on my athlete , whether i was my athlete , or my athlete , and he was using his students to teach him to teach students and teach students and teach students to teach students .

