danke .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

danke .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

ich danke euch .
thank you guys .
thank you .
thank you .

stöbern sie .
explore .
hold your head .
don &apos;t get them .

die ganze umweltdiskussion .
the whole environmental discussion .
the whole environmental debate .
the whole environmental debate .

und sie tat es .
and they did .
and she did .
and she did .

es ist generisch .
it is generic .
it &apos;s generic .
it &apos;s generic .

ich finde das interessant .
it &apos;s interesting to me .
i think that &apos;s interesting .
i think that &apos;s interesting .

es ist gegen die gerechtigkeit .
it goes against justice .
it &apos;s against justice .
it &apos;s against justice .

das passiert uns heute .
this is happening to us today .
this is what happens to us today .
this is what happens today .

ja . . nun gut .
yeah . all right .
yeah . well . well .
yeah . well . well .

mein name ist amit .
my name is amit .
my name is amit .
my name is amit .

aber was essen deine fische ?
but what are your fish eating ?
but what do your fish eat ?
but what do your fish eat ?

wir lieben technologie und kreativität .
we love technology . we love creativity .
we love technology and creativity .
we love technology and creativity .

das ist die kurzfassung .
that &apos;s the two-cent tour .
this is the shortcut .
this is the short-term .

ich komme nun zum ende .
so , i &apos;m going to wrap up now .
now , i &apos;ll come to the end .
now i get to the end .

sie wollen die welt ernähren ?
want to feed the world ?
you want to feed the world ?
you want to feed the world ?

2.5 zu eins , großartig .
2.5 to one , great .
2.5 to one , great .
2.5 to one , great .

das ist sehr riskant .
that &apos;s very risky .
this is very risky .
this is very risky .

die daten waren vorher nicht verfügbar .
this data was not available before .
the data has not been available before .
the data was not available before .

sie war zurück und im sterben .
she was back and near death .
she was back and forth .
she was back and die .

also ist die frage : wie ?
and so , the question becomes , how ?
so the question is : how ?
so the question is : how ?

heutzutage ist alles einfach zu haben .
nowadays , everything is very much up for grabs .
nowadays it &apos;s all too easy .
today , everything is easy to have .

sie werden zu computer im freien .
they &apos;re becoming like computers in open air .
they become free in the computer .
they will be free to computers in the free .

überlassen sie das ruhig uns .
leave that up to us .
let &apos;s get the quiet down .
let &apos;s get that quiet .

ist das nicht überwältigend ?
isn &apos;t that awesome ?
isn &apos;t that overwhelming ?
isn &apos;t that overwhelming ?

und das ist eine sehr einfache frage .
and it &apos;s a very easy question .
and this is a very simple question .
and that &apos;s a very simple question .

sonnenlicht und co2 sind eine methode --
sunlight and co2 is one method ...
sunlight and co2 are a method .
sunlight and co2 are a method .

also haben wir seine bewegung gemessen .
and so we measured its motion .
so we measured his movement .
so we measured his movement .

aber das muss nicht das ende sein .
but it doesn &apos;t have to end there .
but that doesn &apos;t have to be the end .
but that doesn &apos;t have to be the end .

heute leben 6,8 milliarden menschen ,
the world today has 6.8 billion people .
today , 6.8 billion people are living .
today , 6.8 billion people live .

mit welchen worten würden sie ban beschreiben ?
what are the words that you would use to describe ban ?
what are they going to describe ?
what would you describe to words ?

ich habe viel über magie gesprochen .
now i &apos;ve been talking a lot about magic .
i talked a lot about magic .
i talked a lot about magic .

hier haben sie diesen kleinen mechanismus .
this this hint at the fact that the boy knew , deep within , that his connection is really with the fire , but that he can &apos;t say that out loud .
here you have this little mechanism .
here you have this little mechanism .

wir durchlaufen initiationsrituale .
we go through initiation rites .
we are running through initiational rituals .
we walk through initiational rituals .

wir sprechen von kühn , frisch .
we talk about bold , fresh .
we &apos;re talking about kitchen , fresh .
we &apos;re talking about kitchen , fresh .

alleine zu sagen , was ist denn information ?
and just to say , what is information ?
just saying , what &apos;s information ?
just to say , what is information ?

das ist das system in dem wir leben .
that &apos;s the system that we have .
that &apos;s the system we live in .
this is the system that we live in .

es heißt &quot; sprich mit mir . &quot;
it &apos;s called &quot; talk to me . &quot;
it &apos;s &quot; i jump with me . &quot;
it &apos;s called &quot; i jump with me . &quot;

sie leiten den prozess , sie verstehen ihn .
they manage the process , they understand the process .
they lead the process , they understand it .
they make the process , they understand it .

hier sehen sie roberto tanzen .
and here you can see roberto dancing .
this is roberto dance .
here you see roberto dance .

ich habe ihn hier auf meinem laptop . &quot;
i &apos;ve got it here on my laptop . &quot;
i &apos;ve got it here on my laptop . &quot;
i &apos;ve got him on my laptop . &quot;

das löst wirklich das treibstoffproblem .
in terms of fuel , this really solves the problem .
this really solves the fuel problem .
that &apos;s really the fuel problem .

montag : farbe ist etwas kraftvolles .
monday : color is powerful .
monday : color is something full .
monday : color is something powerful .

drittens : eskalation der erwartungen .
third : escalation of expectations .
third , escalation of expectations .
third : escalation of expectations .

das leben hatte sich seit jahrhunderten nicht verändert .
life hadn &apos;t changed for centuries .
life had not changed for centuries .
life had not changed for centuries .

sie können eintauchen in ein bestimmtes jahr .
you can drill into a particular year .
you can dive in a particular year .
you can dive in a particular year .

hier ist ein paar auf den hamptons .
here &apos;s this couple on the hamptons .
here &apos;s a couple on the hampton .
here &apos;s some on the hampton .

eeeeee ! nein , danke ihnen !
eeeeee ! no , thank you .
eeeternal ! no , thank you .
eeetee ! no , thank you !

was glauben sie passierte mit diesen design-studenten ?
so what do you think happened to these design students ?
what happened to these design students ?
what do you think about these design students ?

was würden sie jemandem sagen , der das glaubt ?
what would you say to someone who believed that ?
what would you say to someone who believes that ?
what would you say to someone who believes that ?

was glauben sie , wie die antwort sein wird ?
what do you think the response is going to be ?
what do you think the answer will be ?
what do you think the answer will be ?

zum beispiel der sneaker , ja ?
let &apos;s take sneakers for example , right ?
for example , the sneaker , yes ?
for example , the sneaker , yes ?

und ich werde das kurz für sie zusammenfassen .
and i &apos;m going to break it down for you for just a second .
and i &apos;m going to just summarize it for you .
and i &apos;m going to summarize that for you .

nun gut , was ist die marke gerry ?
all right , what is brand gerry ?
well , what is the brand of marry ?
well , what &apos;s the marke gerry ?

und in diesem kopf spielte sich die erinnerung ab .
and in this mind they had memory .
and in this head , the memory was remembered .
and in this head , the memory came down .

es gibt welche , die viel räumlicher sind .
there are some that are much more spatial .
there are those that are much more spatial .
there are the ones that are much more wheel .

und aus mir wird eine figur in dem buch .
and actually i become a character in the book .
and i &apos;m going to come up with a figure in the book .
and i &apos;m going to get a character in the book .

ja , sie haben recht . beheben wir das .
yes , you &apos;re right . let &apos;s fix it .
yes , they &apos;re right . we &apos;re going to fix that .
yes , they &apos;re right . we raise that .

oder die hatten keine keine fotolitografie .
and they didn &apos;t have photolithography .
or they didn &apos;t have any photo spectators .
or they didn &apos;t have a photolitography .

wissen sie , ich hatte die idee für einen film .
you see , i had this idea for a movie .
you know , i had the idea for a movie .
you know , i had the idea for a movie .

es ist nicht perfekt , aber es ist viel besser .
it &apos;s not perfect , but it &apos;s a lot better .
it &apos;s not perfect , but it &apos;s much better .
it &apos;s not perfect , but it &apos;s much better .

und wie war das für sie ? was es erfolgreich ?
and how has that been for them ? has it been successful ?
and how was that for them ? what was it successful ?
and how was that for you ? what &apos;s it successful ?

und ich sagte : » ja , sehr gerne . «
and i &apos;d say , &quot; yes , ma &apos;am , i do . &quot;
and i said , &quot; yes , very like . &quot;
and i said , &quot; yes , very love . &quot;

habe ein nettes konkretes beispiel dazu .
i have a nice , concrete example to illustrate this .
i have a nice example of this .
have a nice concrete example .

wie viele würden sich für ein gutes gedächtnis entscheiden ?
how many would opt for memory ?
how many would choose for a good memory ?
how many would you decide for a good memory ?

er sagt , &quot; bereitmachen zum aufprall &quot;
he says , &quot; brace for impact . &quot;
he says , &quot; give up to the pronounce . &quot;
he says , &quot; be prepared for the printers . &quot;

sie können sich innen bewegen und verschiedene arten von erfahrungen machen .
you can move inside , have different types of experiences .
they can move inside and make different kinds of experiences .
you can move inside and make different kinds of experiences .

das ist dann auch da , das kommt dann wieder zurück .
and that &apos;s what &apos;s there , and comes back again .
this is also where it comes back .
this is then there that comes back .

und sie sagte die drei worte : erinnerst du dich ?
and she said the three words : do you remember ?
and she said the three words : remember you ?
and she said the three words : do you remember ?

und in der welt ergab alles einen sinn für mich .
and it made all the sense in the world to me .
and in the world , everything made a sense for me .
and in the world , everything had a sense for me .

ist es für andere geltend oder betrifft es auch uns ?
does it apply to others , or does it apply to us ?
is it true for others or is it affecting us ?
is it for other people , or is it to us ?

wir wissen noch eins , wo alle tankstellen liegen .
the other thing is we know where all the gas stations are .
we know one more , where all of us are available .
we still know one where everyone &apos;s going .

sie ist ein puzzle , das noch zusammengesetzt wird .
it is a jigsaw puzzle still being put together .
it &apos;s a puzzle that &apos;s being put together .
it &apos;s a puzzle that &apos;s put together again .

nun , wie sterben leute in folge eines solchen hacks ?
so how do people die as the result of a hack like this ?
now , how do people die in such hacks ?
now , how do people die in a hack of hacks ?

trotzdessen gibt es eine politische auseinandersetzung in unserem land .
however there is a political battle in our country .
there &apos;s a political argument in our country .
it &apos;s a political disorder in our country .

wir sehen den prozess , der sich von sich selbst ernährt .
we &apos;re seeing this process feeding back on itself .
we see the process that feeds itself from itself .
we &apos;re looking at the process of themselves .

ich habe in kriegsgebieten gefilmt -- schwierig und gefährlich .
i filmed in war zones -- difficult and dangerous .
i filmed in warfare -- hard and dangerous .
i filmed in war areas -- hard and dangerous .

hey , puma , macht seid ihr wirklich ernsthaft ?
hey , puma , do you are you really serious ?
hey , puma , are you really serious ?
hey , puma , does you really feel serious ?

und was ich bekam war gut , aber es war nicht perfekt .
and what i got was good , but it wasn &apos;t perfect .
and what i got was good , but it wasn &apos;t perfect .
and what i got well was good , but it wasn &apos;t perfect .

ohhhhh , wowwww !
ohhhhh , wowwww !
ohhhhhh , woww !
ohhhhh , wwwwww !

zweitens sollten kombinierte fotos dieselbe beleuchtungsart haben .
secondly , photos combined should have the same type of light .
secondly , photos should have the same lighting of lighting .
secondly , photographs should combined the same lighting way .

wie algen – und andere furchteinflößende dinge .
like seaweed , and other things that are scary .
like algae -- and other terrible things .
like alert -- and other horrible things .

hier ist ein bild eines ortes in kentucky .
i &apos;ve got a picture here of a place in kentucky .
here &apos;s a picture of an orchid in kentucky .
here &apos;s a picture of an orchi in kentucky .

die tatsache ist , dass diese unsicherheit uns sorgen machen sollte .
the fact is it &apos;s that uncertain part that should move us towards this .
the fact is that this insecure should make us worry .
the fact is that this uncertainty should worry about us .

wir haben gerade die 7-milliarden-marke überschritten .
we just passed the seven billion mark on earth .
we &apos;ve just overtaken the 7-billionaire .
we just crossed the 7-billion-dollar brand .

und dann haben wir angefangen mit den insulanern zu verhandeln .
and then we started negotiating with the islanders .
and then we started negotiating with insulin .
and then we started negotiating the insulers .

und ich überredete sie , eine expedition zu finanzieren .
and i talked them into funding an expedition .
and i talked to her to fund a expedition .
and i asked them to fund an expedition .

welches würden sie gerne haben wollen , wenn sie nur eines haben könnte ?
which would you like , if you could have just one ?
what would you like to do if you could only have one ?
what would you like to have if you could just have one ?

ich möchte ihnen das neueste projekt zeigen an dem wir arbeiten .
i wanted to show you the last project we are working on .
i want to show you the latest project we &apos;re working on .
i want to show you the latest project that we &apos;re working on .

sie können also fragen : wie glücklich ist das erlebende selbst ?
so you can ask : how happy is the experiencing self ?
so you can ask : how happy is the living myself ?
so you can ask : how happy is this alive ?

wir haben viele zellen , welche nicht mehr auf sich allein gestellt sind .
we have lots of cells that are not out for themselves anymore .
we have a lot of cells that are not linked to themselves .
we have a lot of cells that don &apos;t have any more on themselves .

und es ist sehr offensichtlich , dass dies nur noch schlimmer werden wird .
and it &apos;s very obvious that this is only going to get worse .
and it &apos;s very obvious that this is only going to get worse .
and it &apos;s very obvious that this is going to be worse .

nennen wir ihn miguel . tatsächlich heißt er miguel .
let &apos;s call him miguel -- actually his name is miguel .
let &apos;s call it miguel . in fact , he &apos;s called miguel .
let &apos;s call him miguel . in fact , he &apos;s called miguel .

die erste dieser fallen ist ein widerstreben , komplexität zuzugeben .
the first of these traps is a reluctance to admit complexity .
the first of these is a contradiction , towards complexity .
the first of those drops is a contradiction of complexity .

und das sind jetzt nur die biohacker , die individuellen leute .
and they are just the biohackers , individuals .
and these are just the biohacker , the individual people .
and this is just the biohacker , the individual people .

und innerhalb weniger jahre , zog lego in jeden haushalt ein .
and in a few short years , lego bricks took place in every household .
and within less years , lego went into every household .
and within a few years , lego moved in every household .

alleine dieser flughafen hat eine fläche von 100 quadratkilometern .
this airport alone covers more than 100 square kilometers .
so this airport alone has a surface of 100 square kilometers .
alone this airport has a surface of 100 square kilometers .

tatsächlich , die nasa hat gezeigt dass es vieles davon dort draußen gibt .
in fact , nasa has shown a lot of this is out there .
in fact , nasa has shown that there are many of them out there .
in fact , nasa showed that there are many of them out there .

das ist eine fischaufzucht in der südwestlichen ecke spaniens .
it &apos;s a fish farm in the southwestern corner of spain .
this is a fish elevated in the southern western corner .
this is a fish up in the south western corner .

und der entscheidende indikator dafür ist das aussterben der sprachen .
and the great indicator of that , of course , is language loss .
and the key indicator for this is the extinction of languages .
and the key indicators for this is the extinction of languages .

ich wusste nicht sehr viel über regierung , als ich dieses programm startete .
now i didn &apos;t know very much about government when i started this program .
i didn &apos;t know very much about government when i started this program .
i didn &apos;t know much about government when i started this program .

das ist unser jüngster beta-tester dort unten rechts .
that &apos;s our youngest beta tester , down there on the right .
this is our youngest bean tester down there .
this is our younger test down there on the bottom .

ich weis nicht was sie von mir halten , aber damit kann ich leben .
i still don &apos;t know what you think of me , but i can live with that .
i don &apos;t remind you of me , but i can live with it .
i don &apos;t know what you think of me , but i can live with it .

man sagt , dass man die namen derer die versterben nie vergisst .
they say you never forget the names of those who die .
you say that you never die of the name of those who never die .
you say that you never forget the names of dying .

gerade wenn es kaum angebracht scheint ist spiel vielleicht am nötigsten .
in times when it seems least appropriate to play , it might be the times when it is most urgent .
just when it doesn &apos;t seem hard to play , perhaps most of the time .
now , if it doesn &apos;t seem to be hardly , maybe the most tired .

du stimmst zu ihn frei zu schaufeln , wenn es schneit .
so you agree to dig it out when it snows .
you agreed to shrink it when it rains .
you agree with it free when it stops .

sei weiterhin für deinen beitrag da , was auch immer er sein möge .
continue to show up for your piece of it , whatever that might be .
be still for your contribution , whatever you want to be .
anyway , for your contribution , whatever he &apos;s going to do .

interpreten sind übersetzer der geschriebenen noten in klingende musik .
interpreters are translators of the written notes in resounding music .
interpreters are translated by the written notes in clinical music .
interprets are transferred of the written notes in clinical music .

das ist natürlich high-tech-landwirtschaft , aber die anlagen tragen sich selber .
that &apos;s high-tech agriculture of course , but the plots take care of themselves .
this is , of course , high-tech agriculture , but the facilities carry themselves .
this is , of course , high-tech agriculture , but they carry themselves .

er befreite uns von einer der schlimmsten geißeln der menschheit .
he took one of the worst scourges of mankind away from us .
he released us from one of the worst minds of humanity .
he liberated us from one of the worst spirits of humanity .

außerdem ist tans mutter heute hier in der vierten oder fünften reihe .
and also , tan &apos;s mother is here today in the fourth or fifth row .
furthermore , mom is here in the fourth or fifth row .
also , tans are here in the fourth or fifth line .

das ist nur zu erkennen wenn man einen schritt zurückgeht und das ganze betrachtet .
it &apos;s only possible to see that insight when you step back and look at all of them .
that &apos;s just to recognize when you go back and look at the whole thing .
this is just to recognize when you go back to a step back and look at the whole thing .

da wird es so eine ganze menge von widerständen geben und streitereien .
there will be a whole load of resistance and arguments .
there &apos;s going to be a lot of resistance and arguments .
there will be a whole lot of resistance of resistance and arguments .

fantasybücher hatten schon immer karten , aber diese karten waren statisch .
all along , all fantasy books have always had maps , but these maps have been static .
fantasy books have always been cards , but these cards were static .
prisoners have always had cards , but these cards were static .

ich verstand aber nicht viel von führung , bevor ich diese expeditionen antrat .
i didn &apos;t really learn about leadership until i did these expeditions .
but i don &apos;t understand a lot of leadership before i hire these expeditions .
but i don &apos;t understand a lot of leadership before i put these expeditions .

wir haben das spiel &quot; superstruct &quot; am institut für die zukunft entwickelt .
we did a game called superstruct at the institute for the future .
we &apos;ve developed the game &quot; super-acct &quot; at the institute for the future .
we developed the game of superior in the institute for the future .

ich habe gezeiten , geothermal , fusion und biokraftstoffe ausgelassen .
i &apos;ve left out tide , geothermal , fusion , biofuels .
i &apos;ve spent times , geeky , fusion and biofuels .
i have time , thank you , fusion and biofuels and biofuels .

jetzt sind wir eigentlich in der gleichen situation , die wir beim messertrick hatten .
now , essentially we &apos;re in the same position we were in with the knife trick .
now we &apos;re actually in the same situation that we had in serving the mesh trick .
now we &apos;re actually in the same situation that we had in the mesh trick .

wenn ihr &apos; s wissen wollt : diese anderen spitzen sind auch freitage .
and if you &apos;re wondering about those other spikes , those are also fridays .
if you want to know that , these are the other peaks that are also released .
if you want to know , these other guys are free days .

in diesen akten befand sich ein ordner namens &quot; finfisher &quot; .
among those papers , was this binder entitled &quot; finfisher . &quot;
in these actors , a guy called &quot; finfish fishermen . &quot;
in these actors , a bench called &quot; fishermen . &quot;

und damit haben sie auf wirklich wunderbare weise die zukünftige bürgerrechtsbewegung vorbereitet .
and in doing so , they were really setting up in a beautiful way the civil rights movement of the future .
and so they really prepared the future civil rights movement .
and so they really prepared the future civil rights movement .

wenn sie denken , sie sehen in etwas gut aus , dann ist es fast sicher so .
if you think you look good in something , you almost certainly do .
if you think you &apos;re looking at something good , it &apos;s almost so safe .
if you think you &apos;re going to see something good , it &apos;s almost so safe .

ich gehe jetzt einfach zu khoya , eine interaktive ipad app .
so i &apos;m actually just going to go in and launch khoya , an interactive app for the ipad .
i &apos;m just going to go to khoya , an interactive appointment .
i &apos;m just going to go to khoya , an interactive ipad .

nun , das erinnernde selbst macht mehr , als zu erinnern und geschichten zu erzählen .
now , the remembering self does more than remember and tell stories .
well , the memory itself makes more than remembering and telling stories .
well , the memory itself makes more than remind and telling stories .

er sagte : » was ist denn los mit dir ? nun trink doch was . «
he said , &quot; what &apos;s wrong with you ? have some beer . &quot;
he said , &quot; what &apos;s wrong with you ? now , drink . &quot;
he said , &quot; what &apos;s going on with you ? &quot; well , drink . &quot;

wenn ich mir dann diese programme anschaue , dann kann ich nicht sagen wie sie funktionieren .
now if i look at those programs , i can &apos;t tell you how they work .
if i look at these programs , i can &apos;t tell you how they work .
if i look at these programs , i can &apos;t tell you how to work .

sie mag ihn besonders gern , weil er eine neigung zur aufrichtigkeit hat .
she likes him a lot , because he has the tendency to be forthright .
she likes to do it because he has a tendency to do .
they like him particularly , because he has an insurance to the authority .

wenn man kapseln nimmt , sind die noch wirksamer als tabletten jeder form .
if you have capsules , they &apos;re more effective than tablets in any form .
if you take capsules , they &apos;re still more effective than any form .
if you take capsules , they &apos;re still more effective than any form of the form .

es geht nicht darum , was realistisch ist , sondern was wir für realistisch halten .
it &apos;s not really what is realistic , it &apos;s what we think looks realistic really .
it &apos;s not about what realistic is , but what we think is realistic .
it &apos;s not about what realistic is , but what we think is realistic .

&quot; nyan cat &quot; ist animation und musik in endlosschleife .
so &quot; nyan cat &quot; is a looped animation with looped music .
&quot; nyan cat &quot; is animation and music in infinity .
&quot; nyan cat &quot; is animation and music in infinity .

wir stoßen hier in erster linie an die grenzen der biologischen realität und an jene unserer vorstellung .
we &apos;re limited here primarily by a biological reality and our imagination .
we &apos;re starting here in first line to the limits of biological reality , and that &apos;s what we think about .
we &apos;re in the first line of the limits of biological reality and the idea of our imagination .

in den vereinigten staaten beziffert das institut für medizin die zahl bei 100.000 .
in the united states , the institute of medicine pegged it at 100,000 .
in the united states , the institute for medicine is at 100,000 .
in the united states , the institute of medicine is for the number of 100,000 .

der buridansche esel ist ein esel , der aus reiner natur besteht .
buridan &apos;s ass is an ass that is made purely of nature .
the buriel danesel is a esel that &apos;s made of a nature .
the buridanese esel is a esel that is made of a nature .

das hat dann wohl ganz gut zu jener science-fiction-rolle gepasst .
so , that seemed to resonate with the whole science fiction part of it .
well , that &apos;s a very good thing to think about that science-based role .
and that &apos;s what &apos;s going to be very good at sciences of sciences .

auf der linken seite sehen sie die bildpunkte , die verschiedenen eingefangenen eindrücke .
you see on the left the pixels , the different resolutions being captured .
on the left-hand side , you see the points , the different prisoners .
on the left , you see the imagery , the different prisoners .

eine frau in deutschland isst etwa sechs komma drei kilogramm während ihres lebens .
a woman in germany swallows about six point three kilos of lipstick in her lifetime .
a woman in germany , about six comma , three kilograms during her life .
a woman in germany is about six pounds of three kilogram during her life .

und weil man diese 99 % verbrennt , ist das kostenprofil sehr viel besser .
and , because you &apos;re burning that 99 percent , you have greatly improved cost profile .
and because you burn this 99 percent , that &apos;s the cost of a lot better .
and because you burn that 99 percent , that &apos;s free .

ich glaube , hier in der ted gruppe gibt es viele , die sich dort bereits engagieren .
and , i think , here in the ted group , we have many people who are already pursuing this .
i think there &apos;s a lot of people in the ted group that are already involved there .
i think here in the ted group , there &apos;s a lot that &apos;s already involved in there .

jetzt unterscheiden sich diese entscheidungen in der anzahl der auswahlmöglichkeiten , die sie pro entscheidung anbieten .
now these decisions vary in the number of choices that they offer per decision .
now , these decisions are different in the number of choices that they offer per decision .
now , these decisions are different from the number of choices that they offer per decision .

wir müssen leute ermutigen , keine angst zu haben vor möglichkeiten , die sie vielleicht verängstigen .
we need to encourage people to not be afraid of opportunities that may scare them .
we need to encourage people to have no fear of the possibilities that they might be constraints .
we need to encourage people to have no fear of ways that they might be worthy .

und dann würden sie plötzlich erkennen , wie es wäre , wenn sie ihre eigene sprache nicht sprechen könnten .
and you &apos;ll suddenly discover what it would be like to be unable to speak your own language .
and then they would suddenly realize how it would be if they couldn &apos;t speak their own language .
and then you would suddenly recognize how it would be if you couldn &apos;t speak your own language .

grün ist ausgabe , blau ist strom , pink ist eingabe und orange ist kabel .
green is output , blue is power , pink is input and orange is wire .
green is output , blue is electricity , pink and orange is cable .
green is made , blue is electricity , pink is title and orange is cable .

dort unten ist die graue box , und oben drauf sehen sie die zentrifugen .
down there is the gray box , and on the top you see the centrifuges .
down there is the gray box , and on the top , you see the centrifuge .
down there is the gray box , and you can see the centrifuge .

als junger anwalt hatt ich das große privileg , rosa parks zu treffen ,
i had the great privilege , when i was a young lawyer , of meeting rosa parks .
as a young lawyer , i had the big privilege to meet rosa parks .
as a young lawyer , i had the great privilege to meet rosa parks .

zertifizierungsbehörde hacken und gefälschte zertifikate ausstellen .
and issue rogue certificates .
certificate hacking and fake lfile cords .
certificate agency and vessels made certificate fications .

also die dinge über die ich rede sind ein sonderbares problem der modernen , reichen , westlichen gesellschaften .
so the stuff i &apos;m talking about is the peculiar problem of modern , affluent , western societies .
so the things that i &apos;m talking about are a special problem of modern , rich , western societies .
so the things i &apos;m talking about are a special problem of modern , rich , western societies .

wann haben sie das letzte mal von jemandem gehört der von fehlschlag über fehlschlag über fehlschlag sprach ?
when was the last time you heard somebody talk about failure after failure after failure ?
when &apos;s the last time you &apos;ve heard about somebody &apos;s error &apos;s error talking about error ?
when did you hear the last time someone who was missing misposal about misposal ?

und dann fügte er hinzu , wirklich ziemlich emotional , das hat die ganze erfahrung ruiniert .
and then he added , really quite emotionally , it ruined the whole experience .
and then he added to , really , emotionally , that has ruined the whole experience .
and then he put it into it , really quite emotionally , that &apos;s called the whole experience .

wir haben nun die möglichkeit einen großen roboter zu bauen der millionen von chromosomen am tag herstellen kann .
we have the ability now to build a large robot that can make a million chromosomes a day .
we now have the opportunity to build a big robot that can make millions of chromosomes a day .
we now have the opportunity to build a large robot that can make millions of chromosomes a day .

jede eigene musik wird plattgemacht , wenn man dauernd von außen mit musik beschallt wird .
all one &apos;s own music is destroyed because you &apos;re constantly being bombarded by music from outside of yourself .
every music will be made platforms when you get thumb from the outside music with music .
every one of your own music is made when you get permanent by the outside of music with music .

was ist es also für eine idee , darüber nachzudenken in honduras eine völlig neue stadt zu bauen ?
so what kind of an idea is it to think about building a brand new city in honduras ?
so what is it for an idea to think about it in honduras for a new city ?
so what is it for an idea to think about it in honduras to build a whole new city ?

und ich dachte mir : &quot; wow , das muss unbedingt in die filmkunst einbezogen werden . &quot;
and i thought , &quot; wow , this is something that needs to be embraced into the cinematic art . &quot;
and i thought to myself , &quot; wow , this must be necessarily involved in the film art . &quot;
and i thought to myself , &quot; wow , this has to be put into the movie art . &quot;

und ich glaube , dass unsere jetzige bestrafungsphilosophie niemandem hilft .
and i think our current punishment philosophy does nothing for no one .
and i think that our jet progression helps nobody help .
and i think that our jewelry aid help us not help .

bevor ich jedoch zum eigentlichen thema meines vortrages komme , lassen sie uns mit ein wenig baseball beginnen .
before i actually begin the meat of my talk , let &apos;s begin with a bit of baseball .
but before i get to the actual theme of my talk , let &apos;s start with a little bit of baseball .
but before i get to the actual subject of my talk , let &apos;s start with a little baseball .

ich bin optimistisch . wissen sie , die franzosen und japaner haben etwas in die richtung gemacht .
so i &apos;m optimistic . you know , the french and japanese have done some work .
i &apos;m optimistic . you know , the french and japanese have done something in the direction .
i &apos;m optimistic . you know , the french and japanese have done something in the direction .

er braucht wahrheit und schönheit , und ich bin so froh , dass das heute hier so oft erwähnt wurde .
it needs truth and beauty , and i &apos;m so happy it &apos;s been mentioned so much here today .
he needs truth and beauty , and i &apos;m so glad that this has been mentioned so often here today .
he needs truth and beauty , and i &apos;m so glad that this is so often mentioned today .

setzt man ein exekutive administrator auf dem team , werden sie signifikant besser .
if you put you put an executive admin. on the team , they get significantly better .
if you put an explicitly administrator on the team , they will be significantly better .
you put an executive administrator on the team , you &apos;re going to be able to get fiddle .

und das argument , hier wäre dass die räder der evolution langsam mahlen aber sie sind unerbittlich .
and the argument here would be that the wheels of evolution grind slowly , but they are inexorable .
and the argument here would be that the wheels of evolution are slowly fast , but they &apos;re unenveloped .
and the argument here would be that the wheels of evolution is slowly slow , but they &apos;re invious .

nun , als ich ein neuling auf dem college war , hatte ich meine ersten biologiekurse .
now when i was a freshman in college , i took my first biology class .
now , when i was in college , i had my first biology class .
well , when i was a neat college , i had my first biologist curse .

für sie hatte das leben ihr eine aufgabe gestellt : die flucht ihrer familie und ein neues leben in australien .
for her , life had distilled itself into one task : the escape of her family and a new life in australia .
for her , she had presented a job : the floods of her family and a new life in australia .
for her life , her life had a job : the fluid of her family and a new life in australia .

und ich denke , dass der wichtigste punkt dabei ist , dass wir aufgehört haben , mit unseren patienten zu reden .
and i really think that the most important thing of it is that we stopped listening to patients .
and i think the most important point is that we &apos;ve stopped talking to our patients .
and i think the most important point is that we &apos;ve heard with our patients .

die viralen partikel wurden dann von den zellen freigegeben und kamen zurück und töteten e. coli .
the viral particles then were released from the cells and came back and killed the e. coli .
the viral particles were then released by the cells , and came back and killed . coli .
the viral particles then were released by the cells , and came back and killed and killed ecoli .

hier sehen wir das nochmal hier sehen wir nochmal den diesel , hier nochmal die ganzen , einzelnen aggregate .
we can see it again here we can see the diesel again here , and all the individual aggregates here .
so here we see this again , again , the el again , again , the whole , single gaggregation .
so here we see this again , again , again , again , again , the whole , individual adventure .

es gibt übrigens eine ecke , von der ich keinem erzählen werde , an der das wirelesslan funktioniert .
there is one corner , by the way , that i &apos;m not going to tell anybody about , where the wifi works .
there &apos;s a corner , by the way , that i &apos;m going to tell you about the wireless way .
by the way , there &apos;s a corner that i &apos;m going to tell you about a knee that works on the wireless plan .

die griechen nannten diese göttlichen diener-geister der kreativität <unk> dämonen <unk> .
the greeks famously called these divine attendant spirits of creativity &quot; daemons . &quot;
the greeks called the divinity of creativity .
the greeks called these digidic intellectual spirits of creativity .

sein anliegen , das stück zu schreiben , wird immer mehr und mehr zu meinem persönlichen anliegen , es zu spielen .
their desire to write the piece increasingly becomes my own desire to play the piece .
his cause is writing the piece of writing , is going to be more and more and more to my personal , playing .
his cause is to write the piece , it &apos;s going to be more and more and more and more to my personal being .

der rotor ist dieser sich bewegende teil innerhalb der zentrifuge , diese schwarze objekt , das sie sehen .
the rotor is that moving part within the centrifuge , that black object that you see .
the rotor is this moving part within the centrifuge , this black object that you see .
the rotor is this moving part within the centrious , these black object that you see .

eisberge werden geboren als kalb eines gletschers oder indem sie aus eisschollen heraus brechen .
icebergs are born when they calve off of glaciers or break off of ice shelves .
ice mountains are born as calf of a glacier , or they break out of ice sheets .
polar mountains are born as the calf of a glacier or break out of ice sheets .

falls wir dies tun können , dann wird diese bisherige datenfalle , vielleicht eine neue quelle sinnvoller informationen .
if we can do that , then instead of being trapped in data , we might actually extract information .
if we can do this , this will all be a new source of information , maybe a new source of information .
if we can do this , this is going to all the information data , maybe a new source of information .

ich bin absolut sicher dass leben im weltraum existieren und sich bewegen kann , auf der suche nach aquatischen bedingungen .
i am absolutely certain that life can exist in outer space , move around , find a new aqueous environment .
i &apos;m absolutely sure that life can exist in space and move forward , looking for aquatic conditions .
i &apos;m absolutely sure life can exist in space and move on the search for aquatic conditions .

nun , ich mag diese frage nicht , weil sie die logik unseres nahrungssystems die letzten 50 jahre über bestimmt hat .
now , i don &apos;t love this question because it &apos;s determined the logic of our food system for the last 50 years .
now , i don &apos;t like this question because it determines the logic of our food system that has determined over the last 50 years .
well , i don &apos;t like this question , because it &apos;s the logic of our food system that has been determined over the last 50 years .

sagen wir mal , ich will nummern sortieren , das wäre ein einfaches beispiel , welches ich schon dafür verwendet habe .
let &apos;s say i want to sort numbers , as a simple example i &apos;ve done it with .
let &apos;s say , i want to have nuts , this would be a simple example that i &apos;ve already used for this .
let &apos;s say , i want zero-sum , that would be a simple example that i used for .

sie werden kleinkindern nicht mehr beigebracht . das heißt , wenn nichts unternommen wird , sind sie tatsächlich bereits tot .
they &apos;re no longer being taught to babies , which means , effectively , unless something changes , they &apos;re already dead .
they &apos;re not taught more kids anymore . that &apos;s when nothing &apos;s undertaken , they &apos;re actually already dead .
they &apos;re not going to teach children anymore . that means that if nothing is done , they &apos;re actually dead .

der wichtigste posten dort für die entwicklung von atomwaffen ist die uran-anreicherungs-einrichtung in natanz .
their major asset for developing nuclear weapons is the natanz uranium enrichment facility .
the most important thing about the development of nuclear weapons is the uranization facility .
the most important thing for the development of nuclear weapons is the uranium incentives in nataly .

es gibt keine türen oder fenster , aber wenn sie sich ihm nähern , wird es sich öffnen und sie hinein lassen .
there &apos;s no doors or windows , but when you approach it , it will open up to let you in .
there &apos;s no doors or windows , but if you &apos;re approaching it , it will open and let it go .
there &apos;s no doors or windows , but if you &apos;re approaching it , it will open and let it go into it .

nun habe ich argumentiert , dass dies nicht die genesis ist -- das basiert auf 3,5 milliarden jahren evolution
now i &apos;ve argued , this is not genesis ; this is building on three and a half billion years of evolution .
now i &apos;ve argued that this is not the genesis -- that &apos;s based on 3.5 billion evolution .
now , i argued that this is not the genesis -- that &apos;s based on 3.5 billion years of evolution .

sie haben bei diesem publikum , dieser gemeinschaft einen offensichtlichen wunsch gesehen und gehört , ihnen zu helfen und etwas zu tun .
so you heard and saw an obvious desire by this audience , this community , to help you on your way and to do something on this issue .
they &apos;ve seen in this audience , this community saw an obvious wish and belonging to help them and do something .
you &apos;ve seen this audience , this community has seen an obvious wish and heard them to help them and do something .

und diese anderen dinge mögen viele attraktive eigenschaften haben , und es wird , was sie tun werden weniger anziehend machen .
and those other things may have lots of attractive features , and it &apos;s going to make what you &apos;re doing less attractive .
and these other things like many attractive properties , and it &apos;s going to do what they &apos;re going to do less attractive .
and these other things like many attractive properties , and it &apos;s going to do what they &apos;re going to do less attractive .

zu begreifen , dass diese kategorien wirklich viel unsicherer sind als wir dachten , macht mich angespannt .
understanding that these categories are really much more unstable than we thought makes me tense .
to realize that these categories are actually much more insecure than we thought , i was excited .
to understand that these categories are really much more unsafe than we thought , i &apos;m excited about .

und wenn du einer jener menschen bist , bitte ich dich , dass du darüber nachdenkst , weil sich die dinge ändern .
and if you &apos;re one of those people , i would ask that you reconsider , because things are changing .
and if you &apos;re one of those people , i ask you to think about it , because things change .
and if you &apos;re a human being , i ask you to think about it , because things change .

so dass , wenn wir als volk versuchen eine perfektere verbindung herzustellen , wir darüber nachdenken , was wir für einander tun können .
so that as we the people try to create a more perfect union , we &apos;re thinking about what we do for each other .
so that when we try to make a more perfect connection , we think about what we can do for each other .
so that if we &apos;re trying to create a perfect connection , we &apos;re thinking about what we can do for each other .

schauen wir uns einmal an , was wirklich auf der welt passiert : wir können die angriffe in kategorien aufteilen .
if we take a look at what &apos;s really happening in the online world , we can group the attacks based on the attackers .
let &apos;s look at what really happens in the world : we can divide the attacks into categories .
let &apos;s look at what &apos;s really happening in the world : we can share the attacks in categories .

oder werden wir selektiv unterschiedliche attribute wählen , die wir für einige von uns haben wollen und nicht für andere von uns ?
or , will we selectively choose different attributes that we want for some of us and not for others of us ?
or are we going to select different attitudes that we want to have for some of us , not for others ?
or will we choose different selection that we want to have for some of us and not for others ?

nicht lange danach schritt ein arzt in mein krankenzimmer und er sagte : &quot; amanda , sie werden nie wieder gehen können . &quot;
not long afterwards , a doctor strode into my hospital room , and he said , &quot; amanda , you &apos;ll never walk again . &quot;
not long after that , a doctor got a doctor in my hospital , and he said , &quot; amanda , you can never go back . &quot;
not long after that , a doctor in my hospital , and he said , &quot; amanda , you &apos;re never going to go back . &quot;

fast jede herstellungsmethode für strom emittiert heutzutage co2 , außer die erneuerbaren energien und nuklearenergie .
almost every way we make electricity today , except for the emerging renewables and nuclear , puts out co2 .
almost any manufacturing method for electricity today , except renewable energy and nuclear energy .
almost every heritable method for electricity today , except the renewable energy and nuclear energy .

das gibt &apos; s im kleinen stil , also sie können auch im auto ihren rasierer über einen kleinen wechselrichter bedienen .
it exists on a small scale , so you can use your shaving machine in the car via a small power inverter .
so this is in the little style , so you can also serve in your car over a little bit of a shift .
this is in the small style , so you can also serve in your car over a little bit of a little more interactions .

die römer hatten die gleiche idee , nannten diese art von körperlosem kreativem geist ein <unk> genie <unk> .
the romans had the same idea , but they called that sort of disembodied creative spirit a genius .
the tube had the same idea , nano this kind of body lome , creative mind .
the tube had the same idea , nanoted this kind of physical spirit of physical spirit .

ich spiele heute das stück alle paar jahre wieder und immer hat es sich für mich gewandelt , obwohl sich keine einzige note geändert hat .
today , i play this piece every few years and it &apos;s always transformed for me , even though not a single note has changed .
i &apos;m going to play the play now every few years , and it &apos;s always turned out to me , although not a single note has changed .
i &apos;m going to play the piece of every few years , and i &apos;ve always turned it up for me , although there &apos;s no only one changed .

das sind energiefarmen , man spricht von vielen quadratkilometern , tausendmal mehr fläche als ein normales kraftwerk .
this is energy farming , so you &apos;re talking about many square miles , thousands of time more area than you think of as a normal energy plant .
that &apos;s the energy poor , you &apos;re talking about lots of square miles , thousands of times more than a normal power plant .
this is energy poor , you talk about a lot of square kilometers , over a thousand times more than a normal power plant .

sie gehen im geiste durch dieses haus , in demn sie wohnen , und schauen sich an , wie viele türen da sind .
in your mind , you are walking through the house where you live , and are seeing how many doors there are .
they go through this house , they live in woods , and look at how many doors are there .
they go in the spirit of this house , in their home , and look at how many doors are there .

meine dritte kleine geschichte erzählt von meiner mittäterschaft bei der einführung der schleppnetzfischerei in südostasien .
my third little story is that i was an accomplice in the introduction of trawling in southeast asia .
my third little story is told by my contribution to the revenue of the low-income fisheries in south asia .
my third little story tells me about the introduction of the bad fishery fishery fishery in south asia .

und zu diesem zweck kommen die leute dann immer und schauen sich unseren versuchsstand auf der , quasi unseren inselteststand an .
and to this purpose people always come and look at our experimental equipment on the , basically our testing equipment on the island .
and to this purpose , people are always going to come and look at our subjects , sort of , our inexpensive question .
and then , to this purpose , people always come and look at our tempest , we &apos;re looking at our intent .

ich persönlich akzeptiere das nicht , dass der baustein unserer zeit für experten reserviert ist und daher entschied ich mich , das zu ändern .
i personally don &apos;t accept this , that the building block of our time is reserved for experts , so i decided to change that .
personally , i don &apos;t think the animals that the building is our time for experts , and so i decided to change this .
and i personally accepted that the building of our time is protected for experts and so i decided to change that .

das andere ding , worum wir bitten möchten , ist dass firmen auf der ganzen welt uns bei der bestätigung dieser aeds helfen .
the other thing we would like to ask is of companies also all over the world that will be able to help us validate these aeds .
the other thing that we want to ask is that companies around the world are helping us in confirms of these eds .
the other thing that we want to ask is that companies around the world are helping us confirm in the world .

und wir im westen konnten nicht verstehen , wie irgendjemand so etwas tun könnte , und wie sehr das die redefreiheit einschränken würde .
and we in the west couldn &apos;t understand how anybody could do this , how much this would restrict freedom of speech .
and we couldn &apos;t understand how anybody could do anything like that , and how much that would be the rehearsal of freedom .
and we couldn &apos;t understand how anyone could do something like this , and how much the freedom of freedom would impose .

und beim linken einfach intuitiv zugreifen und mir dann hoffentlich , dass kein zucker drin ist , das salz eben entsprechend geben .
with the left they &apos;d just intuitively grab it and then pass me the salt , as it hopefully won &apos;t be sugar .
and in the left hand just intuitively intuitively , and i hope that no sugar is in there , which is desalination .
and in the left , just intuitive , and i hope that there &apos;s no sugar in it , which is salt .

in einem gewissen sinn , ist es fast so als ob jedes atom da draußen zu beiden wird , einem sensor und einem antreiber .
in a certain sense , it &apos;s almost as if every atom out there were becoming both a sensor and an actuator .
in a sense , it &apos;s almost like any atom out there to be two , a sensor and a driver .
in a certain sense , it &apos;s almost as if every atom is going to be out there , a sensor and a pile .

da gibt es einmal produktsprachlich die praktischen funktionen , also so formale aspekte oder formalästhetische aspekte .
on the one hand there are the practical functions in terms of product language , so formal aspects or formal aesthetic aspects .
there &apos;s a product that &apos;s used to be practical , so that &apos;s how malignant or malignant aspects .
there &apos;s some productivity that are practical functions , so formal aspects or malaesthetic aspects .

da gehört schon einiges dazu , besonders wenn man bedenkt , dass man in einem krankenhaus arbeitet , das zu dieser zeit nur 14 patienten pro nacht hatte .
now that takes some doing , especially when you work in a hospital that at the time saw but 14 people a night .
there &apos;s a couple of things about it , especially if you think you &apos;re working in a hospital that &apos;s been working at that time for only 14 patients per night .
there &apos;s a lot of things that you think you &apos;re working in a hospital that had only 14 patients per night .

zur selben zeit interessierte ich mich außerdem sehr für weltraumwissenschaft , das war wieder der science-fiction-einfluss aus meiner kindheit .
at the same time i was getting very interested in space science as well -- again , it &apos;s the science fiction influence , as a kid .
at the same time , i was also very interested in space science , which was again the science-fiction influence of my childhood .
at the same time , i was also interested in space science , which was again the science of my childhood influence .

sehen sie , es braucht wirklich nur einen menschen , der ihnen demonstriert , wie sie ihre kräfte manifestieren können , und sie sind durch .
see , all you really need is one person to show you the epiphany of your own power , and you &apos;re off .
look , it really needs only a human that demonstrates them how they can manifest their forces , and they &apos;re through .
look , it really takes a person who demonstrates them how they can festize their forces , and they &apos;re through .

wie der betonblock , erlaubt uns der transistor viel größere , komplexere kreisläufe zu bauen , ein stein nach dem anderen .
like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to build much larger , more complex circuits , one brick at a time .
as the concrete block allows us to build much bigger , more complex circles , more complex circles , a rock after the other .
as the concrete block allows us to build a lot bigger , more complex circular circles , a stone after the other .

ich zeige ihnen ganz kurz drei spiele , die ich entworfen habe , um zu versuchen , menschen epische siege in ihrer eigenen zukunft zu verschaffen .
i &apos;m just going to very briefly show you three games that i &apos;ve made that are an attempt to give people the means to create epic wins in their own futures .
i &apos;m going to show you very quickly three games that i &apos;ve designed to try to create people &apos;s episode in their own future .
so i &apos;m going to show you very quickly three games that i &apos;ve designed to try to try to create people &apos;s episode in their own future .

für mich bedeutet das zeit aufzubringen , nachzudenken und zu reden über die armen , die benachteiligten , die , die niemals bei ted sein werden .
and for me that means spending time thinking and talking about the poor , the disadvantaged , those who will never get to ted .
to me , this means to be upset and to talk about the poor who are disadvantaged , who are never going to be at ted .
for me , that means to start thinking and talk about the poor , the lifespan that are never going to be at ted .

leider sind es manchmal sogar kinder , die versuchen ihre eltern wieder zu finden , die sie , in manchen fällen , seit einem jahrzehnt nicht mehr gesehen haben .
sadly , sometimes there are even children who are trying to get reunited with their parents that they haven &apos;t seen , in some cases , for a decade .
unfortunately , sometimes children who are trying to find their parents , who have seen them , in some cases , have never seen anything for a decade .
unfortunately , it &apos;s sometimes children who are trying to find their parents back , who they have seen in some cases since a decade .

und ganz wichtig : mit der einführung der sexuellen fortpflanzung , das das genom weitergibt , wird der rest des körpers entbehrlich .
and very importantly , with the introduction of sexual reproduction that passes on the genome , the rest of the body becomes expendable .
and importantly , with the introduction of sexual reproduction , the genome is going to pass on , the rest of the body is decreased .
and very important : with the introduction of sexual advances , the genome is going to move on , the rest of the body is dedicated .

sie legten die hände zusammen und begannen zu singen : <unk> allah , allah , allah , gott , gott , gott . <unk>
they would put their hands together and they would start to chant , &quot; allah , allah , allah , god , god , god . &quot;
they put together the hands together and started singing : singallah , allah , allah , god , god , god , god , god .
they put together the hands together and started singing , allah , allah , allah , allah , god , god , god , god .

also beides , die physikalische wolke im himmel und etwas an dessen spitze sie hingehen können , wie londons neuer berggipfel .
so both the physical cloud in the sky and something you can go to the top &#91; of &#93; , like london &apos;s new mountaintop .
so both the physical cloud in the sky , and something that you can go to the top , like london &apos;s new mountain climbing .
so both of the physical cloud in the sky and something you can go to at the top , like london &apos;s new mountain .

fischförderung bedeutete ländern , die schon 100 000 fische fingen , den industriellen fischfang dieses ziemlich hässliche schiff heißt mutiara 4 .
fish development meant imposing on countries that had already 100,000 fishers and this boat , quite ugly , is called the mutiara 4 .
for fishermen , the 100 fish already started , the industrial fisheries of this very ugly ship is called mutiara four .
fisheries , which started 100 thousand fish , the industrial fishing of this pretty ugly ship called mutiara .

es mag wie genomische alchimie klingen , aber wir können , indem wir die software-dna verschieben , dinge ziemlich dramatisch verändern .
so , this may sound like genomic alchemy , but we can , by moving the software of dna around , change things quite dramatically .
it may sound like genomic silly , but we can , by changing the software dna , things quite dramatically .
it may sound like genomic echoes , but by changing the software dna , things are quite dramatically different .

ich sage es geradeheraus , denn wir sind hier ja jetzt alle irgendwie freunde – es ist höchst wahrscheinlich , dass mein größter erfolg hinter mir liegt .
i should just put it bluntly , because we &apos;re all sort of friends here now -- it &apos;s exceedingly likely that my greatest success is behind me .
and i say it &apos;s straight , because we &apos;re all kind of friends now -- it &apos;s more likely that my biggest success is behind me .
i &apos;m just saying it straight out , because we &apos;re all kind of friends here -- it &apos;s probably true that my biggest success is behind me .

ganz direkte werbung , und zwar nicht für die firma puma per se , sondern dafür , dass sie jetzt diesem diesem unternehmen helfen , diese produkte erfolgreich zu machen .
direct advertising , and not necessarily for the company puma , but to help this company make these products successful .
completely direct advertising , and not for the company of puma , but for that , you &apos;re now helping this company to make these products successful .
it &apos;s all the direct advertising , and not for the company puma , but for this company , they &apos;re now helping this company to do this company , they &apos;re making these products successful .

das ist also nur eine sehr einfache chemische form von leben , aber interessanter wird es , wenn diese tröpfchen einen trick über abstraktion lernten .
now that &apos;s sort of just a very simple chemical form of life , but when things got interesting was when these drops learned a trick about abstraction .
so this is just a very simple chemical form of life , but interestingly , when these peers learn a trick about abstraction .
so this is just a very simple chemical form of life , but interestingly , when these trumps learn a trick about abstraction .

aber , wenn wir den preis verringern -- lassen wir uns den preis halbieren -- treffen wir auf eine neue barriere und diese barriere hängt mit co2 zusammen .
but , as we make it cheaper -- and let &apos;s go for making it twice as cheap -- we need to meet a new constraint , and that constraint has to do with co2 .
but if we reduce the price -- let &apos;s cut the price -- we &apos;re meeting a new barrier , and we &apos;re putting these barriers together with co2 .
but , if we reduce the price -- let &apos;s try the price -- we put it on a new barrier , and we put these barriers together with co2 .

meine empfehlung also , die einzige , die ich geben werde , richtet sich an cameron , damit er &quot; avatar ii &quot; unter wasser dreht .
and so my recommendation , it &apos;s the only one i will provide , is for cameron to do &quot; avatar ii &quot; underwater .
so my recommendation , the only one i &apos;m going to give to cameron , so he spends &quot; avatar ii &quot; under water .
so my recommendation that i &apos;m going to give you the only one that i &apos;m going to do in cameron , so that he goes &quot; avatar &quot; by water . &quot;

sie haben es dieses jahr mit der grippe gesehen , wir sind immer ein jahr hinten dran und haben einen dollar zu wenig , wenn es um den richtigen impfstoff geht .
you &apos;ve seen this year with flu ; we &apos;re always a year behind and a dollar short when it comes to the right vaccine .
you &apos;ve seen this year with flu , we &apos;re always a year back , and we &apos;ve got a little dollar when it comes to the right vaccine .
you saw this year with flu , we &apos;re always a year back and you have a dollar a little bit less if it &apos;s about the right vaccine .

ich nenne es neo-evolution - die neue entwicklung die nicht einfach natürlich ist , aber geführt und entschieden von uns als individuen. in den entscheidungen , die wir machen .
i call it neo-evolution -- the new evolution that is not simply natural , but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the choices that we will make .
i call it neo-evolution -- the new evolution is not easy , but led to us as individual decisions that we do .
i call it neo-evolution -- the new development that &apos;s not easy , of course , but we decided to take care of us as individual . in the decisions that we make .

sie sagen : &quot; okay , der ist bestimmt nicht so blöd und durchsticht sich selbst die haut , nur um uns ein paar minuten lang zu unterhalten . &quot;
they go , &quot; well , he &apos;s certainly not dumb enough to stab himself through the skin to entertain us for a few minutes .
they say , &quot; okay , that &apos;s not so stupid and sticks yourself to keep us down a couple of minutes . &quot;
they say , &quot; okay , it &apos;s not so stupid , and it &apos;s just the skin to keep us a few minutes . &quot;

einige dieser öltröpfchen enthielten eine besondere kombination von chemikalien , welche es ihnen erlaubten andere chemikalien von aussen zu integrieren und somit zu wachsen .
and some of those drops of oil had a particular combination of chemicals in them which caused them to incorporate chemicals from the outside and grow the drops of oil .
some of these oil spills contain a special combination of chemicals that allowed them to integrate other chemicals of chemicals and grow .
some of these oil spills have a special combination of chemicals that allow them to integrate other chemicals of chemicals and to grow .

nun , für diejenigen von uns , die die regierung aufgegeben haben , ist es zeit , dass wir darüber nachdenken , über die welt , die wir unseren kinder hinterlassen wollen .
now for those of us who &apos;ve given up on government , it &apos;s time that we asked ourselves about the world that we want to leave for our children .
now , for those of us who have given the government , it &apos;s time to think about the world that we want to leave our children .
now , for those of us who have given the government , it &apos;s time that we think about the world that we want to leave our children .

das ist deshalb wichtig , weil man nur durch das anschauen von webseiten in dieser art und weise , den ganzen internet-verlauf auf die gleiche art und weise betrachten kann .
now the reason why this is important is because , by virtue of just viewing web pages in this way , i can look at my entire browsing history in the exact same way .
that &apos;s why it &apos;s important because you can just look through the web from websites in this way , and the whole internet stuff in the same way that you can see in the same way .
that &apos;s why it &apos;s important because you just look at the websites in this way , the whole internet course , can look at the same way in the same way .

er sagt , wir sollten menschen nicht nach &quot; ihrer hautfarbe , sondern nach der eigenschaft ihres charakters &quot; beurteilen , und geht so über anatomie hinaus .
he says we should judge people &quot; based not on the color of their skin , but on the content of their character , &quot; moving beyond anatomy .
he says , we should not be giving people to their skin color , but after the property of their own character , judge , and goes beyond anatomy .
he says , we should not tell people to &quot; their skin color , &quot; but after the characteristics of their characters , &quot; and go beyond anatomy .

ort des terrorismusses , aber das war hieß wuseltronik und hat wind- und sonnenenergie gemacht und da habe ich mitte der achtziger angefangen .
a terrorist place , but it was was called wuseltronik and it made wind and solar power and that &apos;s where i started out in the mid-eighties .
the place of terrorism , but that was meant to have been eltrated and wind and wind and sunlight , and there i started the middle of the box .
the place of terrorism , but this was called the elatic tronics and wind and solar energy , and i started out there in the middle of the box .

als wir es aufwärmten , das licht anschalteten und die kiste reinschauten , sahen wir , dass das stück metall immer in einem stück da war .
it &apos;s when we warmed it up , and we turned on the lights and looked inside the box , we saw that the piece metal was still there in one piece .
when we looked at it , the lights were looking at the light and the box , we saw that the piece of metal was always in a piece of metal .
when we warmed it up , the light aligned , and the box looked at , we saw that the piece of metal was always in a piece of metal .

um dieser sensation einen sinn zu geben musste ich natürlich etwas über diesen bemerkenswerten glauben des vodoun wissen und voodoo is kein kult der schwarzen magie .
in order to make sense out of sensation , of course , i had to understand something about this remarkable faith of vodoun . and voodoo is not a black magic cult .
to give this sensation a sense , of course , i had to know something about this remarkable belief of the vocabulary and voodoo is not a cult of the black magic .
so to give you a sense of what i had to do , of course , i had to do something about this remarkable faith of doubt and voodoo is not a cult of the black magic .

aber die messlatte drückte ganz schön zurück . und die leute in meiner firma sagten mir , dass wir vorläufig noch nicht in der lage seien , das zu schaffen .
and the envelope pushed back , and i was told by the folks at my company that we weren &apos;t going to be able to do this for a while .
but the latest pile came back to me , and the people in my company told me that we &apos;re not going to be able to make this happen .
but the measured measurement was quite beautiful , and people in my company told me that we don &apos;t yet be able to be able to do that .

ich denke , dass die molekularbiologie im allgemeinen jetzt , also ganz allgemein gesprochen , biotechnologie , alles , was man dazu zählt , synthetische biologie und so weiter ,
i think that molecular biology in general , so generally speaking biotechnology , everything that can be included in that , like synthetic biology , etc .
i think that the molecular biology now is generally speaking , generally speaking , biotech , biotech , everything you count , synthetic biology and so on .
i think the molecular biology in general now , so i &apos;ve been talking about general , biotechnology , everything you count , synthetic biology and so on .

und wenn sie schon mitbekommen haben , dass der dropper von stuxnet komplex und high-tech ist , lassen sie mich ihnen sagen : die nutzdaten sind eine wissenschaft für sich .
and if you have heard that the dropper of stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you this : the payload is rocket science .
and if you &apos;ve already gotten that the drugs of stuxtational complex is high-tech and high-tech , let me tell you : the user data is a science for yourself .
and if you &apos;ve already got that the drum is complex and high-tech and high-tech , let me tell you , the data is a science for yourself .

der grund ist , das früher alles besser war als alles schlechter war , als alles schlechter war , war es für die menschen möglich erfahrungen zu machen die eine angenehme überraschung waren .
the reason that everything was better back when everything was worse is that when everything was worse , it was actually possible for people to have experiences that were a pleasant surprise .
the reason that it used to be better than anything was worse than bad , when everything was worse , it was possible for people to make experiences that were a pleasant .
the reason that was much better than anything was worse when everything was bad , it was bad for people to make experiences that were more pleasant .

so wie man damals im dorf wusste , wer hat was mit wem und wann , so passiert das heutzutage über diese erweiterung unserer selbst durch diese mobilen endgeräte auf globaler ebene .
just like when people in the village used to know who is having an affair with whom and when , now it &apos;s happening with the extension of ourselves through mobile end devices on a global level .
as you knew in the village , who has had wine , and when that &apos;s happening today , this extension of our own self-assembly through these mobile devices .
so as you knew in the village , who &apos;s got what happened with wine and when that &apos;s happening today about this extension of our own devices through these mobile devices on global level .

wenn wir nun weitergehen und nach alter sortieren , sagen wir 40 jahre oder jünger sehen wir , dass unfälle sogar die hauptursache ist über die sich die menschen sorgen machen sollten .
if we go ahead and we filter by age -- say 40 years or less -- we see that accidents are actually the greatest cause that people have to be worried about .
now , if we go forward and look for old animals , say 40 years or younger , we see that even the main cause of the main turbulent thing is about the people to care about .
now , if we go further , and we say 40 years or younger , we can see that even accidents is the main thing about people who worry about .

wir sehen viele , viele gigabytes an digitalen fotos hier , die man nahtlos und fortwährend heranholen , schwenken , auf jegliche weise neu arrangieren kann .
we &apos;re looking at many , many gigabytes of digital photos here and kind of seamlessly and continuously zooming in , panning through the thing , rearranging it in any way we want .
we see a lot of gigabytes on digital photos here that you can get closely and get while you &apos;re getting out of your way , returning it in a new way .
we see many , lots of gigabyan photos here , which is going to be able to get rid of and remove and remove , in any way , in any way .

ich denke , dass das bemerkenswerte der der geschehnisse letzten jahre , der letzten jahrzehnte ist , dass wir von einer physikalischen zu einer digitalen welt gewechselt sind .
and i think what is remarkable that has happened over the past couple of years is that , over the past couple of decades , we went from the physical world to the digital one .
i think that the remarkable values of the chose last few years , the last decade is that we are interfered by a physical world to a digital world .
i think that the remarkable values of the last few years , the last decade , is that we are spread from a physical world to a digital world .

ich nervte meinen vater , bis er endlich eine tauchschule in buffalo , new york , ausfindig gemacht hatte , genau auf der anderen seite der grenze , wo wir lebten .
i pestered my father until he finally found a scuba class in buffalo , new york , right across the border from where we live .
i would tell my father until he finally had a diving school in buffalo , new york , spelled up , just to the other side of the line where we lived .
i had my father , until he finally made a diving school in buffalo , new york , just on the other side of the border , where we lived .

es ist ganz anders als zu sagen , wir haben ein 3,5 m hohen lkw , der unter einer 3 m brücke her muss . den kann man dann quasi darunter her quetschen .
it &apos;s very different than saying &quot; we &apos;re a twelve-foot-high truck trying to get under a ten-foot bridge , and we can just sort of squeeze under . &quot;
it &apos;s very different to say , we have a 3.5 cow , which has to be under a 33 bridge , and then you can sort of put it underneath .
it &apos;s very different than say , we have a 3.5 feet high truck , which has to come down under a three-m bridge , which you can kind of sit down .

und das ist so ein bisschen unsere vision von einer vernüftigen energieversorgung und ich bin cradle-to-cradle auch dankbar , dass sie gesagt haben , sonnenenergie nutzen .
and that is kind of our vision of sensible energy use and i am grateful to the cradle to cradle institute that they said , use solar power .
and this is kind of a little bit of our vision of a reasonable energy , and i &apos;m crawling cradle craftsdle , so they said they &apos;re using solar power .
and this is a little bit of our vision of a reasonable energy energy , and i &apos;m cradle cradle also grateful that they &apos;ve said to use solar energy .

wir finden alle arten von spezies hier die ein zweites chromosom aufgenommen haben oder ein drittes von irgendwoher , jedes mal tausende charakteristiken in nur einer sekunde zu einer spezies hinzufügend .
we find all kinds of species that have taken up a second chromosome or a third one from somewhere , adding thousands of new traits in a second to that species .
we find all sorts of species here that have taken a second chromosome , or a third of some of the things where thousands of characteristics are just one second of a species .
we find all kinds of species that have taken a second chromosome , or a third of any time , every thousands of characteristics in just a second of a species .

dies ist ein graffiti in meiner ehemaligen heimat in berkeley , kalifornien , wo ich in meiner doktorarbeit untersuchte warum wir in spielen besser sind als im echten leben .
this is a piece of graffiti in my old neighborhood in berkeley , california , where i did my phd on why we &apos;re better in games than we are in real life .
this is a graffiti in my husband &apos;s home at berkeley , california , where i study my graduate work , why we are better at playing than real life .
this is a graffiti in my former home in berkeley , california , where i study in my ph.d. , why we &apos;re better better than in real life .

aber es ist diese verachtung , die diese sache , die wir besitzen , und für die wir bezahlen , etwas sein lässt , das gegen uns arbeitet , etwas anderes , und dann entmachten wir uns selbst .
but it &apos;s that contempt that keeps this thing that we own and we pay for as something that &apos;s working against us , this other thing , and then we &apos;re disempowering ourselves .
but it &apos;s this devastating thing that we have , and we pay for , something that works against us , something else , and then we devote ourselves .
but it &apos;s this devastating , the thing that we own , and for which we pay for , is something that works against us , something else , and then we made ourselves .

und auch wenn sie alle abgeschaltet sind , jede minute in der wir unserem kind beim verstümmeln eines fußballspiels zugucken fragen wir uns auch , &quot; sollte ich diesen anruf annehmen ?
and even if they &apos;re all shut off , every minute that we &apos;re watching our kid mutilate a soccer game , we are also asking ourselves , &quot; should i answer this cell phone call ?
and even if you &apos;re all turned off , every minute we &apos;re going to get into our child &apos;s mutilation of a football game we &apos;re going to ask ourselves , &quot; should i take this call ?
and even if you &apos;re all turned down , every minute in which we &apos;re looking at our child with a football game of a ball game , we &apos;re also asking ourselves , &quot; should i take this reputation ?

wir schriftsteller scheinen aber diese art von ruf zu haben . aber nicht nur die schriftsteller , sondern die kreativen aller genres , scheinen diesen ruf zu haben , mental ungeheuer instabil zu sein .
we writers , we kind of do have that reputation , and not just writers , but creative people across all genres , it seems , have this reputation for being enormously mentally unstable .
we seem to have this kind of reputation , but not just the writers , but the creative of all , it seems to have this reputation , to be able to be able to be unstable .
but we seem to have this kind of call , but not only the writers , but the creative of all of the things seem to have this reputation to be incredibly unstable .

deshalb möchte ich sie heute gewissermaßen auf eine reise durch die ethnosphäre mitnehmen , eine kurze reise durch die ethnosphäre , um zu versuchen , ihnen verständlich zu machen , was tatsächlich verloren gegangen ist .
and so , what i &apos;d like to do with you today is sort of take you on a journey through the ethnosphere , a brief journey through the ethnosphere , to try to begin to give you a sense of what in fact is being lost .
and so i &apos;d like to take you today to a journey through the nosphere of ethnicity , a brief journey through the nosphere to try to make you understand what was actually lost .
so i &apos;d like to take you in a way today by the ethnosphere , a short journey through the ethnosphere to try to make them understand what &apos;s actually lost .

anstatt , dass es einfach ruhig da liegt , vibrierte es . die art wie es vibrierte war ungefähr so wie dies hier -- wie ein sich ausdehnender und zusammen ziehender blasebalg .
instead of just sitting perfectly still , it was vibrating , and the way it was vibrating was breathing something like this -- like expanding and contracting bellows .
instead of just being quiet there , vibrated it . the way it was about as brilliant as this -- like a stretchy stretch and badly bubble together .
instead , it &apos;s just quiet there , vibrating it , and the way it was so vibrated like this -- like this -- like a decrease and together .

gut , wenn es sehr viele alternativen zu bedenken gibt , ist es einfach sich attraktive eigenschaften vorzustellen von alternativen , die sie ausschließen , das macht sie weniger zufrieden mit den alternativen , die sie gewählt haben .
well , when there are lots of alternatives to consider , it is easy to imagine the attractive features of alternatives that you reject , that make you less satisfied with the alternative that you &apos;ve chosen .
well , if there &apos;s a lot of alternatives to think , there &apos;s just a couple of very attractive properties of alternatives to you , which makes you less satisfying to the alternatives that you have .
well , if there &apos;s a lot of alternatives to think about it , there &apos;s just attractive properties of alternatives that you close to them , which makes them less satisfaction with the alternatives that they chose .

hier sind auch batteriepackungen , der motorantrieb befindet sich an ihren hüften , ebenso wie an ihren kniegelenken , die sie vorwärts bewegen in dieser ziemlich geschmeidigen und sehr natürlichen gangart .
there are battery packs here as well that power motors that are sitting at her hips , as well as her knee joints , that move her forward in this kind of smooth and very natural gait .
here &apos;s battery packaging , the motor drive itself in their hips , just like their knee , they move forward in this very natural way , very natural way .
here &apos;s battery package , the motor drive on their hip , as well as on your knee , that they move forward in this very , very natural way .

und wenn sie behaupten , dass das die dinge sind , die die zukunft guter lebensmittel versichern steht jemand irgendwo auf und sagt : &quot; hey leute , ich liebe pinke flamingos , aber wie werden sie die welt ernähren ?
and when you suggest these are the things that will ensure the future of good food , someone , somewhere stands up and says , &quot; hey guy , i love pink flamingos , but how are you going to feed the world ? &quot;
and if you claim that these are the things that are the good future of good food , somebody says , &quot; hey , people , i love pints , but how are you going to feed the world ?
and if you say that these are the things that are the future of good food , somebody says , &quot; hey , i love people , i love amingerators , but how are you going to feed the world ?

ich möchte sie alle einladen , dieses spiel mit jungen leuten zu teilen , überall auf der welt , vor allem in entwicklungsgebieten , die davon profitieren , sich zusammen ihre eigenen sozialen unternehmungen vorzustellen , um die welt zu retten .
i would like to invite all of you to please share this game with young people , anywhere in the world , particularly in developing areas , who might benefit from coming together to try to start to imagine their own social enterprises to save the world .
i want to invite you all of the invitations to share this game with young people , across the world , particularly in developing areas , the benefit of this , to imagine their own social entrepreneurs to save the world .
i want to invite you all to share this game with young people all over the world , especially in development areas that benefit from them to imagine their own social entrepreneurs to save the world .

und die kohleindustrien und ölindustrien haben eine viertelmilliarde dollar letztes kalendarjahr ausgegeben , um saubere kohle zu bewerben , was an sich schon ein widerspruch in sich ist .
and the coal industries and the oil industries spent a quarter of a billion dollars in the last calendar year promoting clean coal , which is an oxymoron .
and the coal staircase and oil dulens have spent a quarter billion dollars last year trying to regrade clean coal , which is a contradiction of a contradiction .
and the coastal dutch and oil spans have spent a four-billion dollars last year ago to reduce sauce , which is already a resistance in itself .

und als ich ihre brust mit dem stethoskope abhörte , konnte ich ein knackendes geräusch auf beiden seiten hören , das sagte mir , dass sie unter kongestiver herzinsuffizienz litt .
and when i listened to her chest with a stethoscope , i could hear crackly sounds on both sides that told me that she was in congestive heart failure .
and when i heard her chest with the stethoscope , i could hear a big bang on both sides of the two sides , which said to me that she was in a constant heart failure .
and when i heard her chest with the stethoscope , i could hear a button on both sides on both sides that told me that she was under congestible heart failure .

ich muss noch erwähnen , dass nathaniel eine medizinische behandlung ablehnte , denn er war bereits mit elektroschocks und mit thorazin und handschellen behandelt worden , ein trauma , das ihn sein ganzes leben verfolgt hat .
now , i should mention that nathaniel refuses treatment because when he was treated it was with shock therapy and thorazine and handcuffs , and that scar has stayed with him for his entire life .
i still have to say that nathaniel had a medical treatment , because he was already shot with electroshocks and with aora and her scissors , a trauma that followed his whole life .
i have to mention that nathaniel has been a medical treatment , because he was already with electroshocks and with thorthoragers and hand-handed , a trauma that followed him all .

wir fordern teams auf der ganzen welt heraus , all diese technologien miteinander in einem mobiltelefon so zu verbinden , dass man mit den gerät sprechen kann , da es mit ki ausgerüstet ist , man kann reinhusten oder seine blutwerte testen .
we &apos;re challenging teams around the world to basically combine these technologies into a mobile device that you can speak to , because it &apos;s got a.i. , you can cough on it , you can do a finger blood prick .
so we &apos;re looking at teams around the world , all these technologies together in a mobile phone so that you can talk to the device , because it &apos;s filled with framework , you can test it , you can test your blood or your blood values .
we &apos;re looking at teams around the world to connect all these technologies into a mobile phone so that you can talk to the device , because it &apos;s with ki framework , you can pick up humility or your blood values .

die die frage ist doch ganz einfach , wenn sie sich vollkommen unabhängig machen von irgendwelchen fossilen oder uranen energierträgern , die irgendwo auf der welt rausgebohrt werden und zu ihnen hingebracht werden , dann sind sie ja eine insel .
the the question is simply , if they become completely independent from whatever fossil or nuclear fuels which are drilled out somewhere on the planet and are brought to them , then they &apos;re an island .
but the question is quite simple , if you &apos;re totally independent of any of the things that are going to be fossil , or uranium energy , that are being taught somewhere around the world , and then you &apos;re going to get laid down , you &apos;re an island .
but the question is really simple , if you &apos;re completely independent of what some fossil fuels or copyright energy in the world will be killed somewhere around the world , and then you &apos;re going to have a island .

die kohlerevolution trieb die industrielle revolution an und selbst im 20. jahrhundert gab es einen rapiden fall im elektrizitätspreis und deshalb haben wir kühlschränke , klimaanlagen , wir können moderne materialien herstellen und so viele dinge tun .
the coal revolution fueled the industrial revolution , and , even in the 1900s we &apos;ve seen a very rapid decline in the price of electricity , and that &apos;s why we have refrigerators , air-conditioning , we can make modern materials and do so many things .
the coal evolution of industrial revolution , and even in the 20th century , there was a rapid outcome in the case of the zones , and so we have cooler refrigerators , climate , we can make modern materials and do so many things .
the cost-effective evolution of industrial revolution and even in the 20th century , there was a huge case in the solar system , and that &apos;s why we have refrigerators , we can make materials , we can make modern materials and do so many things .

und ich weiß definitiv , dass es für mich – in meiner situation – sehr gefährlich wäre , anzufangen , diesen dunklen pfad der vermutung sozusagen herunterzusickern – besonders in dem umstand , in dem ich mich in meiner karriere gerade befinde .
and i definitely know that , in my case -- in my situation -- it would be very dangerous for me to start sort of leaking down that dark path of assumption , particularly given the circumstance that i &apos;m in right now in my career .
and i definitely know that for me -- in my situation -- it would be very dangerous to start to download this dark path of the assumptions -- especially in which i was in my career .
and i know that it would be for me -- in my situation -- very dangerous , to begin to start this dark appointing -- especially in which i find myself in my career .

ich traf diese leute von grl , graffiti research lab und sie haben eine technologie , die es ihnen erlaubt , ein licht auf jede beliebige oberfläche zu projizieren und dann mit einem laserpointer darauf zu zeichnen , der nur die negative fläche registriert .
i met these guys called grl , graffiti research lab , and they have a technology that allows them to project a light onto any surface and then , with a laser pointer , draw on it , and it just registers the negative space .
i met these people of grass , graffiti research lab , and they have a technology that allows them to put a light on any given surface , and then draw with a laser pointer on it , which is only the negative .
i met these people of grass , graffiti research lab , and they have a technology that allows you to inject a light on any surface of any particular surface , and then drawing with a laser on it , which is only the area of negative .

aber tatsächlich war es eine ausgabe auf den frühen 80ern , als ich gerade mit der grundschule anfing und damit begann , mein selbstbild außerhalb meines familiären umfelds aufzubauen und zu formen , auch in bezug auf andere kinder und zur übrigen welt um mich herum .
but , in fact , the print date was the early 1980s , when i would have been starting primary school and forming an understanding of myself outside the family unit and as related to the other kids and the world around me .
but in fact , it was a copy on the early &apos; 80s when i was starting with the elementary school , and i started building my self-assembly line of my family and forms and forms , in terms of other kids and for the rest of the world around me .
but in fact , it was a copy of the early &apos; 80s , when i started with the elementary school , and i started to build my image outside of my family field outside of my family field and forms , also in terms of other children and rest around the world .

in dem wir diese einfache sache taten , gab es einen anstieg der teilnahme um 20 prozent und es gab einen anstieg der anzahl der menschen , die bereit waren zu sparen oder einen anstieg um vier prozent beim betrag , den sie bereit waren für das sparkonto zu zahlen .
by doing that simple thing , there was an increase in enrollment by 20 percent and there was an increase in the amount of people willing to save or the amount that they were willing to put down into their savings account by four percent .
in which we did this simple thing , there was a increase in the participation of 20 percent , and there was one increase in the number of people who were willing to save the number , or a four percent increase in looking at them , who were ready to pay for the savings .
in the case we did this simple thing , there was a rise of participation to 20 percent , and there was a increase of the number of people who were willing to save , or a increase in order to look at four percent when they were willing to pay for the savings .

wir haben also mit einigen freiwilligen angefangen , die uns , vor etwas mehr als einem jahr , in seattle geholfen haben , die dinge zu markieren , die sie wegwarfen – verschiedene arten von dingen , wie sie sehen können – dinge , die sie ohnehin wegwerfen würden .
so we actually started with a number of volunteers who helped us in seattle , just over a year ago , to tag what they were throwing away -- different types of things , as you can see here -- things they would throw away anyway .
so we started with a number of volunteers that we did , a little over a year ago , in seattle , the things that they would march away -- different kinds of things , like you can see -- things that you might throw away .
so , we started with some volunteers who helped us something more than a year ago , in seattle , the things that they warmed away -- different kinds of things like you can see -- things you can throw away .

nun in der welt des sparens , ich glaube eines der besten beispiele , die kürzlich auf den markt gekommen sind , darüber wie man am besten die auswahlmöglichkeiten managt , war etwas , bei dem david laibson sehr stark mitgestaltet hat , es ist ein programm , das bei harvard angeboten wird .
now in the financial savings world , i think one of the best examples that has recently come out on how to best manage the choice offerings has actually been something that david laibson was heavily involved in designing , which was the program that they have at harvard .
now , in the world of savings , i think one of the best examples that came to market recently on the market , about how you got the best choice , was something that david layson had a lot of design , it &apos;s a program that &apos;s been offered at harvard .
now , in the world of the savings , i think one of the best examples that have come to the market recently , about how to put the best choices on the election , is something that david ladson has been very strong , it &apos;s a program that &apos;s offered at harvard .

die führungskräfte der regierung in honduras wären auf die hilfe aus partnerländern angewiesen , sie könnten von ihren partnerländern profitieren , die sie bei dem aufstellen der gesetze für diesen charta und bei der durchführung unterstützen würden , dass jeder darauf vertrauen kann , dass der charta wirklich durchgesetzt wird .
because the leaders in the government there in honduras would need help from partner countries , who could benefit from partner countries who help them set up the rules in this charter and the enforcement , so everybody can trust that the charter really will be enforced .
the leaders of the government in honduras were on the help of partnerships , they could benefit from their partnerships from their partnerships that they would support the laws of the charter for this charter and for the leadership that everybody can trust that the charter is really being put up .
the leaders of the government of honduras would be based on the aid of partnership countries , they could benefit from their partnerships that they would support for the laws of the community and the charter of charity that everybody can support that the charter is really going to be done .

wir haben mit roberto bolle gearbeitet , einem der besten balletttänzer unserer zeit – dem étoile am metropolitan theater in new york und der scala in mailand – wir haben seine bewegungen in 3d aufgenommen um sie als impuls für das flyfire zu nutzen .
we &apos;ve been working with roberto bolle , one of today &apos;s top ballet dancers -- the étoile at metropolitan in new york and la scala in milan -- and actually captured his movement in 3d in order to use it as an input for flyfire .
we &apos;ve been working with roberto bolton , one of the best ballet dancers in our times -- the banks at the metropolitan theater in new york and the scala of mailand -- we recorded his movements in order to use it as an impulse for impulse .
we &apos;ve been working with roberto bolt , one of the best ballet dancers of our time -- when the metropolitan in new york , and the scarce in mailand in mailand -- we &apos;ve taken his movements to use them as a flyfish .

und eines tages hat er mich bei einer meiner übungen beobachtet -- diese übungen waren einfach ermüdend und gnadenlos -- und er sagte zu mir , &quot; wow , aimee , du bist so ein starkes , kraftvolles und junges mädchen , du wirst eines tages eines dieser bänder zerreißen .
and , one day , he came in to my session -- exhaustive and unforgiving , these sessions -- and he said to me , &quot; wow . aimee , you are such a strong and powerful little girl , i think you &apos;re going to break one of those bands .
and one day , he looked at me at one of my practices -- these were just fatigue and gnadens -- and he said to me , &quot; wow , aimee , you &apos;re so powerful , powerful and virgin , you &apos;re going to be a young girl one day of those warfare .
and one day , he looked at me at one of my usual practices -- these practices were simply tired and gdp -- and he said to me , &quot; wow , aimee , you &apos;re such a strong , powerful , and it will be a young girl , one day , one of those dancers .

ich habe diese liste einem freund laut vorgelesen und musste erstmal lachen , es wirkte so lächerlich , aber ich kam nur bis &quot; zugerichtet &quot; und konnte nicht mehr weitersprechen , und musste aufhören zu lesen und mich erstmal sammeln nach dieser überfallartigen wortflut und dem damit verbundenden emotionalen schock .
i was reading this list out loud to a friend and at first was laughing , it was so ludicrous , but i &apos;d just gotten past &quot; mangled , &quot; and my voice broke , and i had to stop and collect myself from the emotional shock and impact that the assault from these words unleashed .
i read this list of a friend according to my friend , and i had to laugh it so ridiculous , but i just got to say , &quot; courts , &quot; and i couldn &apos;t talk anymore , and i had to stop reading , and i first refused to get over that confluctuation , and so that we can &apos;t get the fake shot .
i read this list of a friend according to a friend loud and i had to laugh the first time , it was so ridiculous , but i just came up until &quot; and i couldn &apos;t talk to them , and i had to stop trying to stop reading , and i had to get to read to the first of this devastating and the emotional shock .

hier unten in dem bild sieht man ist das labor , in anführungsstrichen , also ist so eine zugestellte garage mit auch so allem möglichen laborgerümpel , den die uni ausgemistet hat , eine gruppe in paris , die sich da was was eingerichtet hat und ziemlich erfolgreich damit ist und auch ziemlich interessante sachen macht , da will ich auch noch ein projekt kurz anschneiden .
that here is biocurious , the hackerspace i mentioned just now , this yes , basically a kind of adult education centre for for molecular biology .
down here in the picture , you can see the lab , in anxiety , which is such a garage , with all kinds of laboratories , which has wiped out a group of paris in paris , which is quite successful , and is also quite interesting , because i want to cut a project .
here in the picture , you can see the lab , in leadership , so a garage was so different with all sorts of lab labels , which has a group in paris , which has a group that has done in paris , and it &apos;s pretty interesting , and i want to cut a project .

wir sind an der schwelle zu erstaunlichen , erstaunlichen ereignissen auf vielen gebieten . und doch denke ich wirklich , dass wir hunderte , 300 jahre vor die aufklärung zurück gehen müssten , um eine zeit zu finden , in der wir fortschritt bekämpft haben , in der wir über diese dinge heftiger getritten haben , an mehr fronten als jetzt .
we &apos;re on the verge of amazing , amazing events in many fields , and yet i actually think we &apos;d have to go back hundreds , 300 years , before the enlightenment , to find a time when we battled progress , when we fought about these things more vigorously , on more fronts , than we do now .
we are at the threshold of amazing events , amazing events in many places , and yet i really think we need to go back 300 years before the enlightenment to find a time when we &apos;ve been fighting progress in the progress that we &apos;ve talked about these things , more than we &apos;ve done more than we &apos;re doing now .
we &apos;re at the amazing threshold of the threshold , amazing events on many places . and yet i really think we really have to go back hundreds of years ago to find a time to find a time in progress where we &apos;ve been fighting in progress with these things that we &apos;ve done more than now .

und jetzt eben halt auch in richtung biologie , und da möchte ich diese metapher , die halt aus der synthetischen biologie kommt , nehmen , dass biologie eigentlich eine informationswissenschaft ist , weil , der d.n.a code ist ein abstrakter code , der ja , es ist nicht ganz gleich wie computer , weil es dynamischer ist , weil es materie , also echte materie ist , und nicht nur cyber .
and so now you find it in biology , and i &apos;d like to take a metaphor from synthetic biology , biology is actually an information science because the dna code is an abstract code that yes , it &apos;s not exactly like a computer , because it &apos;s more dynamic , because it &apos;s material , i mean real material , and not just cybernetic .
and now i want to leave you with biology as well as biology , and since i want to use this metaphor , which comes from synthetic biology , biology is that biology is actually a science of information , because the code is a code of abstract code , yes , it &apos;s not exactly like computers , because it &apos;s just because it &apos;s matter , it &apos;s matter , because it &apos;s matter , because it &apos;s matter , and it &apos;s real , and it &apos;s real .
and right now , and right now , in biology , and now i want to take this metaphor that comes from synthetic biology , is that biology is actually a information science , because the science is an abstraction code is an abstract code , which is a abstract code , it &apos;s not like computers , because it &apos;s real matter , because it &apos;s real , and it &apos;s not just cyber .

es bleibt nicht viel platz dafür in den malariaverseuchten sümpfen von asmat oder den kalten winden von tibet , sie haben jedoch trotzdem , durch zeit und ritual einen geheimnisvollen nimbus der erde geformt , der nicht auf der idee beruht , ihr bewusst nahe zu sein , sondern auf einer weit subtileren intuition , der idee , dass die erde an sich nur existieren kann , weil sie in das menschliche bewusstsein hineingeatmet wird .
there &apos;s not a lot of room for either in the malarial swamps of the asmat or in the chilling winds of tibet , but they have , nevertheless , through time and ritual , forged a traditional mystique of the earth that is based not on the idea of being self-consciously close to it , but on a far subtler intuition : the idea that the earth itself can only exist because it is breathed into being by human consciousness .
it &apos;s not a lot of space for malaria to stay in the woods for the sake of malaria , or the cold powder of tickets , but they have yet , through time , through a ritual bus , not the mystery of the earth , but they &apos;re not going to be aware of their idea , but they &apos;re far beyond the idea that the idea of what &apos;s going to be in the idea is that the earth &apos;s going to be there , because they &apos;re only in terms of people &apos;s going to be in a human place .
however , the idea is that it &apos;s not a lot of place in the malaria , not a lot of place in the mosquitoks , or the cold cat , but they still have a ritual secretary , but through a ritual secretary of the earth , not to be close to their own business , but to be far near the idea that the planet can exist in the planet , because it &apos;s going to exist only human consciousness in the earth .

