ja ?
right ?
yeah ?
yes ?

einzigartig .
unique .
unique .
unique .

vielen dank .
thank you so much .
thank you .
thank you .

nämlich das singen .
which is singing .
that &apos;s singing .
that &apos;s the sing .

das ist falsch .
that &apos;s wrong .
that &apos;s wrong .
that &apos;s wrong .

oh mein gott .
oh , my god .
oh my god .
oh my god .

das alles interessiert mich .
all that interests me .
this is all interested in me .
that &apos;s all interested in me .

diese leute verdienen geld .
these guys make money .
these people deserve money .
these people deserve money .

aber wissen sie was ?
but you know what ?
but you know what ?
but do you know what ?

passiert nicht sehr oft .
doesn &apos;t happen very much .
it doesn &apos;t happen very often .
not very often happens .

hier ist ein beispiel .
let me give you an example .
here &apos;s an example .
here &apos;s an example .

zum glück nicht , ja ?
thankfully , right ?
luckily , right ?
luckily , right ?

habt ihr diese jungs gesehen ?
have you seen these guys ?
have you seen these guys ?
did you see these guys ?

einige sind gekommen und gegangen .
some have come and gone .
some have come and gone .
some of them came and went .

wir haben drei hauptgruppen .
we have three main groups .
we have three main groups .
we have three main groups .

das muss man auch verstehen .
that &apos;s something we have to understand .
you also have to understand that .
you also have to understand that .

der orangene traktor .
the orange tractor .
the orange contractor .
the orange trajectory .

ich danke ihnen für ihre aufmerksamkeit .
thank you for your attention .
thank you for your attention .
thank you for your attention .

dies passierte um weihnachten .
this happened around christmas .
this is what happened around christmas .
this happened to christmas .

die antwort ist &quot; nein . &quot;
the answer is &quot; no . &quot;
the answer is &quot; no . &quot;
the answer is no .

nein war nie eine möglichkeit gewesen .
no had never been an option .
no , no , no , has been an opportunity .
no , never was an opportunity .

sie erschaffen eine epische geschichte .
they are building an epic story .
they create a epic story .
they create an episode story .

eigentlich sammelte er fische .
he was actually collecting fish .
actually , he collected fish .
in fact , he collected fish .

wir sind in ein gebiet gefahren .
we went and looked at a site .
we &apos;re in a field .
we &apos;re in a field .

weiter als das gehen wir nicht .
it &apos;s about as far as we go out .
further than that , we don &apos;t go .
we &apos;re not going to go ahead .

vielen dank für ihre geduld .
thanks for you patience .
thank you very much for your patience .
thank you very much for your patience .

und es gibt mehrere gründe für dies .
and there are several reasons for this .
and there are several reasons for this .
and there are several reasons for this .

waren sie schon einmal neidisch ?
were you ever envious ?
have you ever been disgusting ?
have you ever been disabled ?

wissen sie , was neid ist ?
do you know what envy is ?
you know what &apos;s neither ?
do you know what &apos;s neither ?

ich bin der neu definierte arzt .
i am a redefined physician .
i &apos;m the new doctor .
i &apos;m the new doctor .

wir müssen die komplexität langsam steigern .
we have to gradually increase the complexity .
we need to increase the complexity slowly .
we need to increase complexity .

und dies klingt ganz anders als vorher .
and it will sound completely different from before .
and this sounds very different than before .
and this sounds very different than before .

ich habe nichts zu verstecken . &quot;
because i have nothing to hide . &quot;
i have nothing to hide . &quot;
i have nothing to hide . &quot;

hier ist der olivenöl gang .
here &apos;s their olive oil aisle .
here &apos;s the olive oil spill .
here &apos;s the oliver oil .

es entstehen also zwei kreisläufe .
so two cycles are created .
so there are two circles of circles .
so it creates two circles .

das ist nur ein bisschen weniger zerstörung .
it &apos;s just a little less destruction .
this is just a little less destruction .
that &apos;s just a little less destruction .

sie haben ihre bilder mitgebracht , ja ?
you brought your pictures , right ?
they brought their pictures , yes ?
they brought their pictures , yes ?

ich lese ihnen den eintrag vor .
let me read you the entry .
i &apos;ll read you the entrance .
i read you the contract .

das , was gerade dargestellt worden ist .
that which i just presented to you .
the thing that had just been represented .
the thing that &apos;s been represented is .

das ufer stammt von einem anderen ort .
the shores are from a different location .
this is from another place .
the ufer of a different place .

nicht mal die wahrheit wird sie befreien .
not even the truth will set them free .
not even the truth is going to be free .
not even the truth will be free .

wir haben tausende organismen die das tun können .
we have thousands of organisms that can do this .
we have thousands of organisms that can do this .
we have thousands of organisms that can do it .

eine sprache ist ausdruck des menschlichen geistes .
a language is a flash of the human spirit .
a language is the expression of the human mind .
a language is the expression of human mind .

es ist toll , dass diese nummer steigt .
and it &apos;s a great thing for this number to go up .
it &apos;s great that this number is going up .
it &apos;s great that this number goes up .

nein , wir legen fest , was drin ist .
no , we define what &apos;s inside .
no , we &apos;ll figure out what &apos;s inside .
no , we find out what &apos;s inside .

ich will das kurz mal ein bisschen erklären .
this is about virtuality , about non-linearity , about storytelling .
i want to explain this a little bit about a little bit .
i want to explain that a little bit a little bit about .

zweite halbzeit . ende der normalen spielzeit .
second half . end of normal time .
second period of time . the normal game of time .
second time . end of the normal game .

das ist nicht einfach nur eine verrückte idee .
this is just not some blue sky thinking .
it &apos;s not just a crazy idea .
that &apos;s not just a crazy idea .

und ja , ich gehe nochmal eine slide weiter .
and yes , i &apos;ll move on a slide .
and yeah , i &apos;m going to go a little bit further .
and yes , i &apos;m going to go on again .

also das machte sinn , es passte zusammen .
so that made sense , that was a match .
so that made sense , it was passing together .
so that made sense , it was passing together .

es ist etwa wie eine kartoffel .
it &apos;s kind of like a potato .
it &apos;s kind of like a potato .
it &apos;s kind of like a cartoffel .

jetzt werde ich noch etwas schlagzeug dazu tun .
now i &apos;ll put some percussion in .
now i &apos;m going to do something else to do this .
now i &apos;m going to do something else about it .

und versuch das ganze nochmal mit einer anderen generation .
and try that again and do that for another generation .
and trying to do that again with another generation .
and try and try this again with another generation .

ich könnte direkt vor meinem haus parken . &quot;
i could be parking right in front of my building . &quot;
i could be in front of my house . &quot;
i could be in front of my house . &quot;

es ist alles hier . es ist alles online .
it &apos;s all here ; it &apos;s all on the web .
it &apos;s all here . it &apos;s all online .
it &apos;s all here . it &apos;s all online .

und behaltet trotzdem eine realistische ebene .
and despite that , it retains a level of realism .
and yet , there is a realistic level of realization .
and yet a realistic level is still a realistic level .

ich trage jeans , fast die ganze zeit .
i wear jeans almost all the time .
i &apos;m wearing jeans , almost all the time .
i &apos;m wearing jeans , almost all the time .

ich glaube , an erster stelle steht die neugier .
well , i think number one is curiosity .
i think , first of all , is the curiosity .
i think the first place is the curiosity .

jetzt holt er einen traktor in die szene .
now he &apos;s brought a tractor into the scene .
now he &apos;s putting a tractor in the scene .
now he put a trajectory in the scene .

das ist so etwas wie unser kampfschrei .
so that &apos;s kind of our battle cry .
this is something like our champion .
this is something like our campboard .

ist ja toll , dann haben wir ein geschäftsmodell .
that &apos;s great , then we have a business model .
that &apos;s great , then we have a business model .
is great , then we have a business model .

und wir benutzen dieses wort mit solcher verachtung .
and we say that word with such contempt .
and we use this word with such contemplation .
and we &apos;re using this word with this kind of thing .

und deshalb möchte ich über die macht der identität sprechen .
and so i want to talk about the power of identity .
and that &apos;s why i want to talk about the power of identity .
and so i want to talk about the power of identity .

ich hatte mit dieser schönheit eine beziehung über mehrere monate .
i was in a relationship with this beauty for several months .
i had a relationship with this beauty of several months .
i had a relationship with this beauty over several months .

aber den phosphor wird man nicht ersetzen können .
but phosphorus will not be able to be replaced .
but the phosphorus is not going to replace it .
but the phosphorus is not going to replace .

es gibt ein programm , das einige vielleicht schon kennen .
there is a program that some of you might have heard of .
there &apos;s a program that may be familiar with .
there &apos;s a program that may be familiar with .

der zweite faktor sind die dienste , die wir nutzen .
the second factor is the services we use .
the second factor is the services we use .
the second factor is the services we use .

je mehr es sich ändert , desto schneller ändert es sich .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
the more it changes , the faster it changes faster .

es gibt kein überbevölkerungsproblem an bäumen .
there &apos;s no problem with overpopulation among trees .
there &apos;s no overwhelming problem with trees .
there &apos;s no overpopulation process of trees .

ich kann nicht sagen , ob es gut oder schlecht ist .
i can &apos;t say whether it &apos;s good or bad .
i can &apos;t tell if it &apos;s good or bad .
i can &apos;t say whether it &apos;s good or bad .

es ist &apos; ne form von revierverhalten , ja ?
it &apos;s a type of territorial behavior , right ?
it &apos;s the form of reform , yes ?
it &apos;s &quot; reform of refourth behavior , yes ?

an einer stelle füllt sich der bildschirm mit blättern .
at one point , your screen is filled up with leaves .
on a site , the screen is filled with leaves .
in a place , the screen is filled with leaves .

ich meine , ich habe selten so flache linien gesehen .
i mean i &apos;ve rarely seen lines so flat .
i mean , i &apos;ve seen so rare lines .
i mean , i &apos;ve seen rare lines like this .

denn wir nicht wir machen nicht die dinge mehr frei von .
because we don &apos;t we no longer make things free of stuff .
because we &apos;re not going to do things more freely .
because we don &apos;t do things anymore .

in der zukunft werden sich die meisten verbrechen online abspielen .
in the future , the majority of crime will be happening online .
in the future , most crime are going to play online .
in the future , most crime are going to play online .

ich war regelrecht besessen vom erforschen der tiefsee .
and so , i really got bitten by the bug of deep-ocean exploration .
i was pretty much obsessed with the deep sea .
i was quite obsessed with investigation of the deep sea .

es geht darum , die nuancen der sprache zu verstehen .
it &apos;s about the nuance of human language .
it &apos;s about understanding the numbers of language .
it &apos;s about understanding the numbers of language .

es ist einfach nur atemberaubend ehrgeizig .
it &apos;s nothing if not ambitious .
it &apos;s just breathtaking ambitious .
it &apos;s just breathless ambiguous .

das ist super . ich liebe die placebo-industrie .
that &apos;s fantastic . i love big placebo .
that &apos;s great . i love the placebo industry .
that &apos;s great . i love the placebo industry .

und es war eine erfahrung , die mir hollywood nicht geben konnte .
and it was an experience that hollywood couldn &apos;t give me .
and it was an experience that couldn &apos;t give me hollywood .
and it was a experience that hollywood couldn &apos;t give me .

&quot; nun , das sind ungefähr 30 prozent &quot; , sagte er .
&quot; well , it &apos;s about 30 percent , &quot; he said .
&quot; well , that &apos;s about 30 percent , &quot; he said .
&quot; well , that &apos;s about 30 percent , &quot; he said .

aber meine logische seite hat es auch nicht gemocht .
but it didn &apos;t sit well with my logical side either .
but my logical side didn &apos;t like it either .
but my logical side has not liked it .

ich lächle dann gern und sage , &quot; danke schön . &quot;
i like to smile and say , &quot; thank you . &quot;
i like to smile and say , &quot; thank you . &quot;
i would like to smile and say , &quot; thank you . &quot;

es stellte sich aber heraus , dass das noch nicht alles ist .
turns out though , that that &apos;s not even where it stops .
but it turns out that this is not all .
but it turns out that it &apos;s not all .

wir sprechen von einer 300 , wenn ein schläger 300 schlägt .
so we talk about a 300 , a batter who bats 300 .
we &apos;re talking about a 300 when a bat gets 300 .
we &apos;re talking about a 300 if a sleeping is 300 .

meine ur-großeltern starben alle als sie 60 waren .
my great-grandparents died , all of them , by the time they were 60 .
my great-grandparents all died when they were 60 .
my great-grandparents died when they were 60 .

sie interagieren auf eindeutige weise mit ihrer umgebung und ihren erfahrungen .
they have a distinct way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
they interact with their environment and their experiences .
they &apos;re also interacting with their environment and their experiences .

es gibt nur das zweitbeste , eben die feuerwehr .
that &apos;s where he signed up .
there &apos;s only the second best , the fire department .
there &apos;s only the second best , the fireflies .

wir müssen uns auf die maschinerie der regierung einlassen .
we have to engage with the machinery of government .
we need to let ourselves go to the machine of the government .
we need to be able to engage in the machine of government .

und diese leute wissen etwas , was wir aus den augen verloren haben .
and these folks know something that we &apos;ve lost sight of .
and these people know something that we lost from the eyes .
and these people know something we lost from the eyes .

macht es unmöglich zu sagen , wie das foto eigentlich zusammengesetzt wurde .
make it impossible to say how the image actually was composed .
it &apos;s impossible to say , how the photo was actually put together .
it &apos;s impossible to say how this photograph was actually put together .

dieser erste , das war mehr wie eine leidenschaftliche affäre .
that first one , it was more like a passionate affair .
this first one , which was more like a passionate monkey .
the first one that was more like a passionate monkey .

wenn ich sie also nebeneinander lege , weckt das ihr interesse .
so if i put them next to each other , they get interested .
so if i &apos;m going to take you to the side , that &apos;s what you &apos;re interested in .
so if i leave you to each other , your interest is going to be interested .

das wird politik beeinflussen , denke ich , in den kommenden jahren .
this is going to influence policy , i think , in years to come .
this will affect politics , i think , in the next few years .
this is going to affect politics , i think , in the years .

er sagte : » in deutschland gibt es keine todesstrafe .
he said , &quot; we don &apos;t have the death penalty in germany .
he said , &quot; in germany , there are no death punishment .
he said , &quot; in germany , there &apos;s no death penalty .

lassen sie mich mit drei meiner eigenen worte schließen : i erinnere mich .
and let me close with three words of my own : i do remember .
let me end with three of my own words : i remember .
let me close with three of my own words : i remember .

wie kam er dazu , auf diese besondere art nach hilfe zu suchen ?
now how did he come to be looking for help in this very unique manner ?
how did he get to look for this particular way ?
how did he find looking for this particular kind of help ?

neue investitionen , um gut bezahlte arbeitsplätze zu schaffen .
new investments to create high-paying jobs .
new investments to create good jobs .
new investments to create good job jobs .

ich glaube , irgendwie so sechshundert dollar oder so etwas .
i think the price lies at about six hundred dollars or so .
i think somehow , you know , six dollars or something like that .
i think it &apos;s kind of like seventure or something like this .

das ist in der tat die wahre verschmelzung von mensch und maschine .
it is actually the true integration of the man and the machine .
this is indeed the true of human and machine .
this is indeed the real disappeared of human and machine .

unser darm ist eine wunderbar gastfreundlichen umgebung für diese bakterien .
our gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
our gut is a wonderful friendly environment for these bacteria .
our gut is a wonderful friendly environment for these bacteria .

wie kann ein richter jemanden in etwas verwandeln , das er nicht ist ?
how can a judge turn you into something that you &apos;re not ?
how can a judge turn to something he &apos;s not ?
how can a judge someone turn into something that he &apos;s not ?

die meisten kennen die meisten leute kennen das aus dem softwarebereich .
most of us know most people have heard of this in the context of software .
most people know the most people know this from the software area .
most people know this from the software area .

bedenken sie , es ist kostenlos , niemand von uns verdient daran .
remember , it &apos;s free ; none of us are making any money on this thing .
remember , it &apos;s free , nobody deserves us from it .
remember , it &apos;s free , no one deserve from us .

also all diese grünen gebiete , dies sind die zielreichsten umgebungen .
so all of the green areas , these are your target-rich environments .
so all these green areas , these are the brightest environments .
so all these green areas , these are the richest environments .

ich spielte den ersten satz von beethovens violinkonzert .
and i played the first movement of the beethoven violin concerto .
i played the first sentence of beethoven &apos;s first set of beethoven .
i played the first sentence of beethoven vens .

ihr geht es gut . die frage ist , wie wird es uns ergehen .
she &apos;s okay . the question is whether we will be .
you &apos;re fine . the question is , how is it going to do us ?
it &apos;s good . the question is how it &apos;s going to go .

wenn ich nicht recht habe , dann ist die kanzlerin kein mann .
logic does not make any statement about what is valid .
if i don &apos;t have a right , the canadian is not a man .
if i &apos;m not right , the kanzler is not a man .

und alles , was ich dazu sagen kann ist : warum bekämpfen wir das ?
and all i can say about this is : why are we fighting it ?
and all i can say is : why do we fight that ?
and all i can say is , why do we fight that ?

wir können besser mit mehr kategorien als mit mehr auswahlmöglichkeiten umgehen .
we can handle more categories than we can handle choices .
we can do better with more categories than more choices .
we can deal with more categories than more choices .

und nicht einmal wie ein technik-unternehmen , sondern eher wie das internet selbst .
and not even like a tech company , but more like the internet itself .
and not even like a technique company , but rather like the internet itself .
and not even like a technique company , but rather like the internet itself .

fotos , bei denen man einen kurzen moment nachdenken muss , um den trick herauszufinden .
photos where you will need a brief moment to think to figure out the trick .
photos where you have to think about a brief moment to figure out the trick .
photographs that you have to think about a short moment to figure out the trick .

ich machte also dieses ding auf ähnliche weise auf die man einen computer chip macht .
and so i made this thing in nearly the same way as you make a computer chip .
so i made this thing in the same way that you make a computer chip .
so i did this thing in a similar way that you do a computer chip .

natürlich werden viele leute , wissenschaftler , bestätigen , dass es wirklich anders war .
and in fact , lots of people , scientists , will contest that it was really different .
of course , a lot of people , scientists , are confirmed that it was really different .
of course , a lot of people , scientists , confirm that it was really different .

und einfach so , zeigt ihnen der eisberg eine andere seite seiner persönlichkeit .
and just like that , the iceberg shows you a different side of its personality .
and just so , the iceberg shows you a different side of his personality .
and just so , the iceberg shows you another side of his personality .

das hat damit zu tun , dass wir zurückgehen in das vierzehnte jahrhundert .
century .
that has to do with us that we go back to the fourth century .
this has to do with doing that we go back to the four-tenth century .

warum singen wir aber nicht mehr , um von oben von a nach b zu kommen ?
why do we no longer sing to get from a to b from above ?
why don &apos;t we sing more to come from above a to b ?
why don &apos;t we sing anymore to come from the top from b to b ?

ist es also nicht interessant , dass hohe wetteinsätze einen starken effekt haben ?
so , isn &apos;t that interesting ? that high stakes have a strong impact .
so isn &apos;t it interesting that high competition has a strong effect ?
so is it not interesting that high permission have a strong effect ?

wenn alle antworten ja lauten , fühle ich mich , als ob ich gewonnen habe .
if all the answers are yes , i feel as though i &apos;ve won .
if all the answers were listening , i feel like i won .
if everyone responds to the answers , i feel like i won .

es handelt sich nicht um knappheit , das problem ist zugänglichkeit .
it &apos;s not about being scarce , it &apos;s about accessibility .
it &apos;s not about nappness , the problem is accessibility .
it &apos;s not about knecessity , the problem is accessible .

dies ist tatsächlich ein poster von notre dame , das richtig aufgezeichnet wurde .
this is actually a poster of notre dame that registered correctly .
this is actually a poster of notre dame that was recorded right .
this is actually a poster of emergency lady that was recorded right .

einige von ihnen denken vielleicht : &quot; das ist eine ganze menge zeit für spiele . &quot;
some of you might be thinking , &quot; that &apos;s a lot of time to spend playing games .
some of you may think , &quot; this is a lot of time for games . &quot;
some of you might think , &quot; that &apos;s a lot of time for games . &quot;

traditionell denken wir in der umweltdiskussion , wir sind zu viele auf der welt .
traditionally , in the discussion about the environment , there is the belief that there are too many of us on this planet .
traditionally , we think in the environmental discussion , we are too many in the world .
traditional thinking in the environmental discussion , we &apos;re too many of the world .

und ich habe vor noch viel mehr dingen angst , die niemand erahnen würde .
and i &apos;m afraid of many , many more things besides that people can &apos;t even guess at .
and i was scared a lot more about things that nobody would be aimed .
and i have a lot more fear of things that nobody would learn .

ich wundere mich , dass man oft etwas ganz elementares vergisst .
i &apos;m surprised that people often forget something very elementary .
i wonder that you often do something very fundamental .
i wonder that you often forget a little bit of elementary arity .

also , was taten wir ? wir haben crowdsourcing in den niederlanden durchgeführt .
so what we did , we crowdsourced the netherlands .
so , what did we do ? we did crowdsource in the netherlands .
so , what did we do ? we did crowdsourcing in the netherlands .

natürlich wohnt diese virtuelle welt in den mauern unserer städte , ist ja klar .
of course this virtual world exists within the walls of our cities , that &apos;s obvious .
of course , this virtual world in the walls of our cities is clearly clear .
of course , this virtual world in the walls of our cities , is clear .

kein ruhm , keine ehre , kein geld . was machst du nur ?
no fame , no glory , no money . what are you doing ?
no rum , no honor , no money . what do you do ?
no rub , no honor , no money . what do you do ?

okay , nur noch ein schnelles beispiel für eine variante von intersexualität .
okay , so just one more quick example of a way you can have intersex .
okay , just a quick example of a variability of sexual sexuality .
okay , just a quick example of a variation of sexual interactions .

auf dieser insel , das ist die insel graciosa auf den azoren .
on this island , that &apos;s the island graciosa on azores .
on this island , this is the island of ciosa on the azors .
on this island , this is the island of graciosa on the azors .

ich hab mir erlaubt ich habe lilly gefragt , ob ich sie erwähnen darf .
i took the liberty i asked lilly , if it would be okay to mention her .
i was allowed to ask myself if i could mention it .
i &apos;ve been asked to ask lilly whether i can mention you .

diese zahl steigt , und sie steigt sehr schnell , und das ist beschämend .
that number &apos;s rising , and it &apos;s rising really rapidly , and it &apos;s disgraceful .
this number goes up , and it goes very fast , and that &apos;s accumulating .
this number goes up , and it goes very fast , and that &apos;s accumulated .

und , wenn das stimmt , – und ich denke , es stimmt – ist die frage :
and , if this is true , and i think it is true , the question becomes , what now ?
and , if that &apos;s true , -- and i think it &apos;s true -- the question is .
and , if that &apos;s true , and i think it &apos;s true -- the question is .

und in der tat sollten sie das tun . dies sind wichtige zu beantwortende fragen .
and indeed they should . these are important questions to answer .
and in fact , you should do that . this is important to answer questions .
and in fact , they should do that . these are important questions to answer questions .

und rick szeliski von microsoft forschung durchgeführt wurde . eine sehr gute zusammenarbeit .
and rick szeliski at microsoft research . a very nice collaboration .
and rick stoliski was done by microsoft research . a very good collaboration .
and rick sceliveni was done by microsoft research . a very good collaboration .

wir bildeten dann ein team , eine großartige mannschaft , und wir begannen hiermit .
so we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started doing this .
we then formed a team , a great mannist , and we started with this .
we then created a team , a great manner , and we started with this .

wir fuhren nach sao paulo , wo außenwerbung verboten worden ist .
we went to san paulo where they have banned outdoor advertising .
we went to sao paulo , where outside advertisements have been inhibited .
we went to sawo paulo , where foreign advertisement has been beaten .

die leute fragen mich immer , was forscht ihr denn eigentlich da in adlershof ?
people always ask me , what are you researching in adlershof all the time ?
people always ask me , what do you do , because actually , you know , in adolescence ?
people always ask me , what do you actually do in adventure ?

das ist bleak house von dickens . jede spalte ist ein kapitel .
this is &quot; bleak house &quot; by dickens . every column is a chapter .
this is legs of dickens . every old spell is a chapter .
this is bleak house of dickens . every old span is a chapter .

was wir bei national geographic letztendlich versuchen , ist dass wir glauben , dass politiker niemals etwas erreichen .
so , what we &apos;re trying to do at the national geographic , finally , is , we believe that politicians will never accomplish anything .
what we &apos;re trying to do in national geographic is that we believe that politicians never achieve anything .
so what we &apos;re trying to do at national geographic is we think that politicians never achieve anything .

an jeder stelle , wo man wegwirft , von , ja , schafft man wieder lebensmöglichkeiten .
everywhere where you throw something away , from , well , you create new living potential .
every place , where you get away from , yes , you create lifespan .
in every place where you throw away from , yes , you create a way of living .

das können sie natürlich nur , wenn sie in irgendeiner art und weise hier gemanagt werden .
of course you can only do that if you &apos;re being managed here somehow .
you can only , of course , if you &apos;re in any way , in some way .
you can only do that , of course , if you &apos;re in any kind of way , and you &apos;re going to say there .

es wird schneller und schneller und ich glaube das ist der grund warum es so verwirrend scheint .
the thing is becoming faster and that &apos;s why i think it seems so confusing .
it gets faster and faster , and i think that &apos;s why it seems so confusing .
it &apos;s faster and faster and faster , and i think that &apos;s why it seems so confused .

also hier sehen wir ein junges weibchen und männchen in einem verfolgungsspiel .
so here , we have a young female and a male engaged in a chase game .
so here we see a young female and male in a torture .
so here we see a young female and male in a torture game .

und der titel des vortrages war , ja wie man zu hundert prozent erneuerbare kommt .
the title of the presentation was , how to reach one hundred percent renewable energies .
and the title of the talk was , yes , how to get a hundred percent renewable .
and the title of the talk was , yes , you get to a hundred percent renewable .

mein leben ist wirklich außerordentlich gesegnet durch die arbeit an einigen erstaunlichen projekten .
i have had the distinct blessing in my life to have worked on a bunch of amazing projects .
my life is really extraordinary through the work of some amazing projects .
my life is really extraordinary by working on some amazing projects .

sie müssen kein ingenieur sein , um schöne häuser , schöne brücken oder schöne gebäude zu erschaffen .
you don &apos;t have to be an engineer to make beautiful houses , beautiful bridges , beautiful buildings .
you don &apos;t have to be an engineer to create beautiful houses , beautiful bridges or beautiful buildings .
you don &apos;t have to be an engineer to create beautiful houses , beautiful bridges or beautiful buildings .

sie kam eines tages von der schule , sie ist lehrerin , und sie erzählte von einem schüler .
one day she came back from her school , she &apos;s a teacher , and she told me about one of her pupils .
she came from one day from school , she &apos;s a teacher , and she told them about a student .
she came up with one day of school , she was a teacher , and she was told by a student .

es hat eine app , eine web- und handy-app , namens &quot; citizens connect &quot; .
it has an app , a web and mobile app , called citizens connect .
it has an app , a web -- and mobile phone app , called &quot; deposit . &quot;
it &apos;s got an app , a web and hand app , called &quot; baseball . &quot;

die ungesunde art über die ich spreche , ist die , die einen im innersten krank macht .
the unhealthy shame i &apos;m talking about is the one that makes you so sick inside .
the unhealthy species i &apos;m talking about is the one in the first sick power .
the unhealthy way that i &apos;m talking about is the one that is the one in the first sick .

und dann sagte er drei worte – die emotionslosesten worte , die ich je gehört habe .
and then he says three words -- the most unemotional three words i &apos;ve ever heard .
and then he said three words -- the loest words i &apos;ve ever heard .
and then he said three words -- the most common words i &apos;ve ever heard .

frau : 80er revival trifft auf skaterpunk , außer am waschtag .
80 &apos;s revival meets skater-punk , unless it &apos;s laundry day .
woman : 80s revival hits on skatk , except the washing day .
80s revival on skateral punk , except the washing day .

das heißt , dieser erste eindruck passiert in einer rasant schnellen geschwindigkeit , wie wir dinge wahrnehmen .
that means the first impression comes to us at an extremely high speed , the way we perceive things .
that means that this first impression happens in a rapidly rapidly speed of how we perceive things .
this is the first impression in a rapid speed of how we perceive things .

tatsächlich dachten wir , dass hier das ende ist , aber wir haben versucht den prozess etwas weiter zu bringen .
in fact , we thought this might be as far as it went , but we tried to design the process a little bit further .
in fact , we thought that this is the end , but we tried to get the process a little bit further .
in fact , we thought that this is the end , but we tried to get the process further .

aber nun gibt es eine mutige , neue lösung , um uns aus dieser misslichen lage zu befreien .
but now there is a bold new solution to get us out of this mess .
but now there &apos;s a mutual , new solution to free ourselves from this miserable .
but now there &apos;s a mutation , new solution to enable us out of this abuse .

tja , leider sehen wir eher dieses gesicht im echten leben , wenn wir schwierigen problemen begegnen .
now , unfortunately this is more of the face that we see in everyday life now as we try to tackle urgent problems .
well , unfortunately , we &apos;re more likely to see this face in real life when we face difficult problems .
well , unfortunately , we &apos;re more likely to look at this face in real life when we face harder problems .

und ein grund ist , dieser enorme wärmespeicher erwärmt grönland aus dem norden .
and one reason is , this enormous heat sink heats up greenland from the north .
and one reason is , this enormous heat iron heat , which is greenland from the north .
and one reason is that this is a huge heat heat heat heat greenland from the north .

das wird , denke ich , in den nächsten ein oder zwei jahrzehnten teil der nationalen statistik sein .
this is going to be , i think , within the next decade or two , part of national statistics .
this is going to be , i think , in the next decade , one or two decades of the national statistics .
this will be , i think , in the next one or two decades of the national statistics .

aber interessant ist der einzigartige tonfall des liedes , der rhythmus des tanzes in jeder kultur .
but what &apos;s interesting is the unique cadence of the song , the rhythm of the dance in every culture .
but interestingly , the unique tongue of the love , the rhythm of the dance in every culture .
but what &apos;s interesting is the unique case of the rhythm , the rhythm of the dance in every culture .

das ist , weil die regierung wie ein weiter ozean ist und politik das sind die obersten 15cm .
that &apos;s because government is like a vast ocean and politics is the six-inch layer on top .
that &apos;s because the government like a ocean is further and politics are the top 1505 inches .
that &apos;s because the government is like a ocean , and politics are the top 15th cm .

man mag denken , dass das nur ein landschaftsbild ist , und der untere teil manipuliert wurde .
one might think that this is just an image of a landscape and the lower part is what &apos;s manipulated .
you might think that this is just a landscape , and the bottom part was manipulated .
you may think this is just a country image , and the lower part was manipulated .

das nächste puzzleteil zeigt , wie ein boot im frühen morgenrot leise auf see ausläuft .
the next piece of the jigsaw is of a boat in the early dawn slipping silently out to sea .
the next puzzle part of the puzzle is how a boat is running out of the early red red light on the lake .
the next puzzle of the puzzle shows how a boat in the early morse red red by sea .

im grunde geht mir also darum : wenn du etwas siehst , das unmöglich ist , dann mach es möglich .
so basically this is my point : if you see something that &apos;s not possible , make it possible .
so basically , i &apos;m like , if you look at something that &apos;s impossible , that &apos;s impossible to do it .
so basically , i &apos;m going to say , if you look at something that &apos;s impossible , it &apos;s possible .

es ist fast physiologisch unmöglich , schlecht gelaunt zu sein , wenn man hellrote hosen trägt .
it is almost physiologically impossible to be in a bad mood when you &apos;re wearing bright red pants .
it &apos;s almost impossible to be bad at all when you &apos;re wearing bright red pants .
it &apos;s almost impossible to be bad to be bad , if you give red red red .

das ist quasi die deadline , die uns die umweltmodelle aufgezeigt hat , die wir einhalten müssen .
that &apos;s sort of the deadline that the environmental models have shown us that we have to meet .
that &apos;s kind of the deadline that gave us the environmental models that we need to keep .
this is kind of the deadline that shows us the environmental models that we need to stop .

und ich meinte &quot; entschuldigung , sir , kennen wir uns ? ich kann mich nicht an sie erinnern . &quot;
and i said , &quot; i &apos;m sorry , sir , have we met ? i don &apos;t remember meeting you . &quot;
and i said , &quot; sorry , sir , we know ? i can &apos;t remember her . &quot;
and i said , &quot; sorry , sir , do we know ? i can &apos;t remember you . &quot;

das wäre es auch ohne die umweltherausforderung gewesen , aber die macht es noch so viel wichtiger .
it would have been , even without the environmental constraint , but the environmental constraint just makes it so much greater .
it would have been without the surveillance , but it makes it much more important .
that would have been a lot of the world &apos;s insurance , but it does so much more important .

also , es war uns möglich , den kleinen digitalen sprengkopf mit der rotorsteuerung in verbindung zu bringen .
so we were able to associate the small digital warhead with the rotor control .
so , it was possible to connect the little digital head to the rotor-tax in .
so , it was possible for us to connect the little digital head with the rotoric tax .

sofort werden sie einer , für den es selbstverständlich solche vorhersager gibt , erfahren , das kannst du nicht beweisen .
you &apos;ll immediately hear the following from someone who thinks it &apos;s a matter of course that there are predictors , you can &apos;t prove that .
immediately , you &apos;re going to get one of them , for those of you who have predicted that , you can &apos;t prove it .
immediately , you &apos;re going to be able to be able to tell you that for granted , you know , you can &apos;t prove .

nun ja , eine erleuchtung ist für gewöhnlich etwas , dass man findet weil man es irgendwo fallen gelassen hat .
and you know , an epiphany is usually something you find that you dropped someplace .
well , a lighting is usually something you can find because you &apos;ve left it somewhere .
well , a lighting is ordinary for something that you find out because you dropped it somewhere .

wir erstellten kleine stücke , machten eine fehlerkorrektur und hatten ein dna molekül von ungefähr 5.000 buchstaben .
we designed the pieces , went through our error correction and had a dna molecule of about 5,000 letters .
we made little pieces , made a miserable correction , and we had a dna molecule of about 5,000 letters .
we made little pieces , made an error correcture , and we had a dna molecule of about 5,000 letters .

am nächsten tag , gingen alle ins zentrum um das siegerteam und den premierminister zu selben zeit zu treffen .
the following day , again everybody went to the center to meet the winning team and the prime minister at the time .
the next day , everybody went to the center to meet the seven-day team and meet the prime minister at the same time .
the next day , everybody went to the seventh team and meeting the prime minister at the same time .

die frage die ich also stellen möchte und ich mir auch oft selber stelle , ist wie diese neue welt wohl sein wird ?
and so what i &apos;m trying to ask , what i &apos;ve been asking myself , is what &apos;s this new way that the world is ?
so the question i want to ask , and i often want to ask myself how is this new world going to be ?
so the question i want to ask , and i often ask myself how is this new world going to be ?

seine arbeit ist genial . er untersucht , warum menschen so viel zeit , energie und geld in online-welten verbringen .
his work is brilliant . he looks at why people are investing so much time and energy and money in online worlds .
his work is great . he looks at why people spend so much time , spend energy and money in online worlds .
his work is genius . he examines why people spend so much time , energy and money in online worlds .

ich sagte : » nein , nein , nein . schon ok . macht ihr nur . ich will kein bier . «
i said , &quot; no , no , no . that &apos;s okay . you all go ahead . i &apos;m not going to have any beer . &quot;
i said , &quot; no , no , no , no . ok . just do it . i don &apos;t want a beer . &quot;
i said , &quot; no , no , no , no . ok . let me do it . i don &apos;t want to be a bike . &quot;

die holländische regierung hat erklärt , sie werden das erste land weltweit sein , was phosphor zurückgewinnt .
the dutch government has stated that it will be the first country worldwide to win back phosphorus .
the dutch government has explained , they will be the first country in the world , which is a phosphorus .
the dutch government explained , they &apos;re going to be the first country around the world , which is going to return to phosphorus .

nathaniels manischer zorn verwandelte sich in verständnis , in eine ruhige neugier und anmut .
and nathaniel &apos;s manic rage was transformed into understanding , a quiet curiosity and grace .
nathanian manic orchestra turned into understanding , into a quiet curiosity and courage .
nathanian manian orn turned into understanding , a curious curiosity and courage .

jetzt sage ich , &quot; computer , nimm jetzt diejenigen 10 % der sequenzen , welche meinen vorgaben am nächsten gekommen sind .
and i say , &quot; computer , would you please now take the 10 percent of those random sequences that did the best job .
now , i say , &quot; computers , take those 10 percent of the sequences that my spending is the next one .
now , i say , &quot; computer , take those 10 percent of the consequences that have come to the next week .

wenn ich nun hier schaue , sehe ich die athleten , die in dieser ausgabe erscheinen und die sportarten .
so i &apos;m looking at this ; i see the athletes that have appeared in this issue , the sports .
now , if i look at this , i see the athletes that appear in this copy and the athletes .
now , when i look at this , i see the athletes that appear in this copy and the sports of sports .

wenn wir die richtige art von identität schaffen , können wir den menschen um uns herum dinge sagen , die sie zunächst nicht glauben .
when we create the right kind of identity , we can say things to the world around us that they don &apos;t actually believe makes sense .
if we can create the right kind of identity , we can tell people around us what they don &apos;t believe .
if we create the right kind of identity , we can tell people around us things that they don &apos;t believe .

manchmal merke ich , dass er sehr präsent ist , manchmal ist er kaum zu sehen , aber er ist ständig bei mir .
sometimes i see a lot of it , sometimes there &apos;s very little , but it &apos;s always with me .
sometimes i realize that he &apos;s very precise , sometimes he &apos;s barely seen , but he &apos;s still in me .
sometimes i realized he &apos;s very precious , sometimes he &apos;s hardly too hardly to see , but he &apos;s constantly on me .

was wir jetzt brauchen , ist ein radikal neues konzept von landwirtschaft , von einer , in der lebensmittel tatsächlich gut schmecken .
what we need now is a radically new conception of agriculture , one in which the food actually tastes good .
so what we need now is a radical new concept of agriculture , of agriculture , of a life that actually taste good .
what we need now is a radical concept of agriculture , from a food that is actually good for food .

und man speist sie ein , indem man einfach einen ton-siftable an einen sequenz-siftable hält .
and you inject it by just bumping up the sound siftable against a sequence siftable .
and you store them by just holding a tongue set of sequencing one of them .
and you store them by just taking a ton of a sequence of sequencing a sequence of sequencing .

und dieses projekt habe ich als beispiel mitgebracht , wie wieder an dieser archaischen , kognitiven modelle adressiert wird .
i brought this project along as an example to illustrate how these archaic , cognitive models are being addressed again .
and i brought this project to me as an example of how again this archaeal , cognitive models will be rescued .
and this project , i brought up as an example of how again in this archaean , cognitive models .

und die westantarktis , die über ein paar unterwasserinseln aufgetaucht ist , ist besonders stark im schmelzen .
and west antarctica cropped up on top some under-sea islands , is particularly rapid in its melting .
and the west antarctica , which is a couple of underwater islands , is especially in melting .
and the west antarctica , which has come up with a few underwater islands , is particularly strong in the melting .

und genauso wie die biosphäre stark abgetragen wurde , geschah dies mit der ethnosphäre -- nur mit noch größerer geschwindigkeit .
and just as the biosphere has been severely eroded , so too is the ethnosphere -- and , if anything , at a far greater rate .
and just as the biosphere was carried out , this was done with the ethnic sphere -- just with even bigger speed .
and just as the biosphere was lifted , this happened to the ethnosphere -- just a larger speed .

jetzt gibt es eine große gemeinde von leuten , die die hilfsmittel herstellen , die wir brauchen , um dinge effektiv gemeinsam anzupacken .
now there &apos;s a very large community of people that are building the tools that we need to do things together effectively .
now there &apos;s a big community of people who make the tools that we need to wrap things together .
now , there &apos;s a big community of people who are creating tools that we need to put things together .

es gibt fragen und probleme mit den leuten , von denen wir glaubten , dass sie immer recht hätten . seien sie also skeptisch .
there are questions and problems with the people we used to believe were always right , so be skeptical .
there are questions and problems with people we thought they were always right , so they were skeptical .
there are questions and problems with the people we believed that they were always right . so they &apos;re skeptical .

ich würde ihnen gerne etwas erzählen , was mir vor ein paar monaten beim schreiben eines artikels für italian wired aufgefallen ist .
i &apos;d like to share with you a discovery that i made a few months ago while writing an article for italian wired .
i &apos;d like to tell you a little bit about what a few months ago , a couple of months ago , a scripted for italian wired .
i &apos;d like to tell you something that i noticed a few months ago , a few months ago in writing about italian for italian .

sie setzte mich hin und sah mich an . sie sagte : » ich möchte , dass du weißt , dass ich dich beobachtet habe . «
then she sat me down and she looked at me and she said , &quot; i want you to know i &apos;ve been watching you . &quot;
she sat down , and she looked at me . she said , &quot; i want you to know i &apos;ve seen you . &quot;
she sat down , and she looked at me . she said , &quot; i want you to know i &apos;ve seen you . &quot;

zwei tage später kam ich zu meinem nächsten notfalldienst und meine chefärztin bat mich auf ein gespräch in ihr büro .
and two days later i came to do my next emergency shift , and that &apos;s when my chief asked to speak to me quietly in her office .
two days later , i came to my next emergency service , and i asked my boyfriend to come to a conversation in her office .
two days later , i came to my next emergency service , and my chef asked me on a conversation in her office .

wir haben heute technologien aufgrund dieser schnellen synthesemethoden , um das zu tun was wir kombinatorische genetik nennen .
we now have techniques , because of these rapid methods of synthesis , to do what we &apos;re calling combinatorial genomics .
we have technologies today because of this fast synthesizer methods to do what we call combinatorial genetics .
we have technologies today because of these fast synthesizers to do what we call combinatric genetics .

und die überraschung ist , dass patient a eine viel schlechtere erinnrung an die darmspiegelung hatte als patient b .
the surprise is that patient a had a much worse memory of the colonoscopy than patient b .
and the surprise is that a patient had a much worse reminder of the darpa reflection as a patient .
and the surprise is that patient had a much worse memory of darwinian reflection as a patient .

stellen sie sich vor , die hälfte der leute , die in wohnungen leben wollen , täten dies bereits ; die andere hälfte aber noch nicht .
imagine half the people who wanted to be in apartments already had them ; the other half aren &apos;t there yet .
imagine that half of the people who want to live in apartments , that &apos;s already the other half but not yet .
imagine that half of the people who want to live in apartments are already doing this ; the other half not yet .

und ich lernte in meiner kleinen dachstube in der schwestern residenz am toronto general hospital , unweit von hier .
and i studied in my little garret at the nurses &apos; residence at toronto general hospital , not far from here .
and i learned in my little daycare unit in the sisters at the university of torch general , far from here .
and i learned in my little sidewalk in the sisters of nurse at the toronto of general , unfar from here .

also , sie schickten die hälfte ihrer zivilisation auf die suche nach einer neuen welt . daher nehme ich meine 21 milliarden spielstunden pro woche .
now , they had half the civilization go off in search of a new world , so that &apos;s where i get my 21 billion hours a week of game-play from .
so they sent the half of their civilization to the search for a new world , so i take my billion hours a week .
so , they sent half their civilization to a new world , so i take my 21 billion game a week per week .

also ein ganz , ganz spannender prozess , wie gewisse dinge ablaufen und in was für millisekunden-bereichen diese dinge passieren .
so it &apos;s a very , very exciting process , how the sequence of certain things is and the span of milliseconds in which these things happen .
so a very , very exciting process of how certain things work and what are going on for a millisecond these things .
so a very , very exciting process of running things like certain things , and what are happening for millimeter , these things happen .

und dann beschloss seattle , die app zu benutzen , um die bürger dazu zu bekommen die verstopften gullys zu reinigen .
and then seattle decided to use it to get citizens to clear out clogged storm drains .
and then i decided to use the app to get the citizens to get the faithful cry .
and then seattle decided to use the app , to get the citizens to get the benignals .

gibt es eine chance , dass politiker , dass das land generell einen befund wie den ernst nehmen würde und darauf basierend politik machen würde ?
is there any chance that politicians , that the country generally , would take a finding like that seriously and run public policy based on it ?
is there a chance that politicians have that the country generally would take a place like that would take seriously and make based on politics ?
is there a chance that politicians , that the country would take a proposition like the serious and do based on politics ?

zum ersten mal in der geschichte hört man menschen diesen oder jenen künstler ein genie nennen – anstelle davon , dass er ein genie hat .
and for the first time in history , you start to hear people referring to this or that artist as being a genius rather than having a genius .
for the first time in history , you hear these people , or you call them an artist a genius -- instead of that he has a genius .
for the first time in history , you hear people or those young artists call a genius -- instead of having a genius .

und es ist ein spiel , in dem personen eine sequenz von aminosäuren nehmen können um zu erforschen , wie das protein sich entwickeln wird .
and this is a game where individuals can actually take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how the protein is going to fold .
and it &apos;s a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids to explore how the protein is going to evolve .
and it &apos;s a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids to explore how the protein will evolve .

und das ist eine neuheit , dass wir diesen typ skala auf semi-logarithmischen kurven im gebiet der technologie verwenden müssen .
and this is a new thing that we talk about technology on semi-log curves .
and this is a novelty that we need to use this type of scale on mid-semi-log curves in the area of technology .
and this is a new thing that we have to use this guy scale on semi-logarithmic curves in the field of technology .

ich habe also vorgeschlagen , dass regierungen neue flächen schaffen , die genug platz für eine stadt bieten und habe ihnen einen namen gegeben : charter cities .
so i proposed that governments create new reform zones big enough to hold cities and gave them a name : charter cities .
so i suggested that governments are creating new surfaces that offer enough space for a city , and they gave them a name called charter .
so i &apos;ve suggested that governments are creating new surfaces that have given enough place for a city and given them a name : charter .

angenommen , ich sagte dass , durch wenige veränderungen ihrer gene , ein besseres gedächtnis haben könnten -- präziser , genauer und schneller .
suppose i said that , with just a few changes in your genes , you could get a better memory -- more precise , more accurate and quicker .
suppose i said that by few changes of your genes , a better memory could have -- precise , more precisely and faster .
suppose i said that through a few changes of their genes , a better memory -- precise , faster and faster .

wir bringen unseren studenten all diese technologien bei , mit besonderem fokus darauf , wie diese genutzt werden können , um die großen herausforderungen der menschheit zu lösen .
and we teach our students all of these technologies , and particularly how they can be used to solve humanity &apos;s grand challenges .
we bring our students to all these technologies , with special focus on how they can be used to solve the big challenges of humanity .
we bring our students to all these technologies , with special focus on how these can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .

und heute hatte ich zeit , ihnen einen teil dieser neuen design-welt und einige der möglichkeiten dessen zu zeigen , woran wir in unserem labor arbeiten .
and today , i had time to show you one point in this new design space , and a few of the possibilities that we &apos;re working to bring out of the laboratory .
and today , i had time to show you a part of this new design world , and some of the ways that we &apos;re working on in our lab .
and today i had time to show you a part of this new design world and some of the possibilities of what we &apos;re working on in our lab .

hi . ich bin kevin allocca , trends-manager bei youtube . beruflich schaue ich mir youtube-videos an .
hi . i &apos;m kevin allocca , i &apos;m the trends manager at youtube , and i professionally watch youtube videos .
hi . i &apos;m kevin cca , i &apos;m a parentry manager at youtube . i &apos;m looking at youtube videos .
hi . i &apos;m a kevin lecca , infinite manager at youtube . i look at youtube videos .

wir haben schwierige gespräche darüber , an welchem punkt ein körper zum menschen wird , so daß er eine anderes recht hat als das fötale leben .
we have difficult conversations about at what point we decide a body becomes a human , such that it has a different right than a fetal life .
we have difficult conversations about where a body becomes a human , so that he has another right than the federal life .
we have difficult conversations about what is going to be a body to people , so that he has another right than the fatal life .

was wir uns also ansehen ist ein kleines stück metall es ist wie ein sprungbrett geformt und es steht über der kante über .
so what we &apos;re looking at is a little chunk of metal , and it &apos;s shaped like a diving board , and it &apos;s sticking out over a ledge .
so what we &apos;re looking at is a little piece of metal that is like a sprint board , and it &apos;s about the channel .
so what we &apos;re looking at is a little piece of metal , it &apos;s like a springboard , and it &apos;s over the channel .

musste man zwar auch lernen , also kein kleinkind kann von natur auf sprechen , aber wir lernen es sukzessive und verhältnismäßig natürlich .
it was something you had to learn , as no small child can naturally talk , but we learn it successively and relatively naturally .
you had to learn , so no small child can talk about nature , but we &apos;re learning it &apos;s supessive and proportional .
so you had to learn , so no child can talk about nature , but we &apos;re learning sulfur and curve , of course .

second-hand-shopping erlaubt mir , den einfluss meiner garderobe auf die umwelt zu reduzieren und auch den auf meine geldbörse .
secondhand shopping allows me to reduce the impact my wardrobe has on the environment and on my wallet .
there &apos;s a handshake that allows me to reduce the impact of my guarantees on the environment , and also the donors on my head .
and based on chards , i &apos;m allowed to reduce the impact of my gardening on the environment , and also to go to my donor .

sie wissen , ich habe über einige dieser projekte bereits zuvor gesprochen , über das menschliche genom und was das bedeuten könnte , und über die entdeckung neuer gruppen von genen .
you know , i &apos;ve talked about some of these projects before -- about the human genome and what that might mean , and discovering new sets of genes .
you know , i talked about some of these projects before , about the human genome and what that could mean , and about the new groups of genes .
you know , i &apos;ve talked about some of these projects before , about the human genome and what that might mean , and about the new groups of genes .

er sprühte speichel auf die seiten des fäkalien-messers und als es vollständig gefroren war , erstach er einen hund damit .
he put a spray of saliva on the edge of the shit knife and as it finally froze solid , he butchered a dog with it .
he was sleeping on the side of the cable measured , and he was completely frozen , and he was amazed by a dog .
he had stored memory on the sides of the sky , and when it was completely astonished , he had a dog with it .

also , um diese 80 % zu erreichen , müssen die industriestaaten , inklusive ländern wie china , ihre elektrizitätsgeneration komplett umstellen .
so , to get to that 80 percent , the developed countries , including countries like china , will have had to switch their electricity generation altogether .
so to get 80 percent of these 80 percent , the industrial states , including china like china , are completely surrounded by their generation .
so , to get these 80 percent , the industrial states , including countries like china , their electricity generation completely .

und die power-utility , die die das elektrizitätsversorgungsunternehmen auf der insel , hat gemeint , das finden wir ganz toll .
and the power utility , which which the electric utility on the island , said they think it &apos;s great .
and the power-utility , which has the production company on the island , has shared this , which we find great .
and the power-utility , which has the power of power supply chain on the island , which we find really great .

in den 80er jahren , im kommunistischen ostdeutschland , musste man , wenn man eine schreibmaschine besaß , diese bei der regierung registrieren .
in the 1980s in the communist eastern germany , if you owned a typewriter , you had to register it with the government .
in the &apos; 80s , in the communist germany , you had to , if you had to have a typewriter , these government registered .
in the &apos; 80s , in the communist east germany , you had to , if you had to get a writing machine , these government registered by government .

diese durchbrüche müssen wir mit vollgas verfolgen und das können wir messen : in firmenzahlen , in pilotprojekten und regulierungsänderungen .
these breakthroughs , we need to move those at full speed , and we can measure that in terms of companies , pilot projects , regulatory things that have been changed .
and we have to track these breakthroughs with complete gas , and we can measure that , in terms of concentration , in mushroom projects and regulation .
we have to measure these breakthroughs with full of gas , and we can measure this : in corporate numbers , in mushrooms projects and regulations .

und überdies , man sagt auch seiner lehrerin nicht , dass man gerne brände irgendwo legt und sich freut , wenn das feuer nachher hochlodert .
no , it simply looks a lot better when we show that we &apos;re responsible for removing the danger that others create when they set a fire .
and that &apos;s what you &apos;re saying , you &apos;re not saying that you like to brush somewhere , and you &apos;re delighted if the fire is high .
and that &apos;s what you say , you don &apos;t tell your teacher that you like to be able to do somewhere and enjoy the fire , when the fire gets weaked .

wir sind lichtjahre davon entfernt menschen zu verbessern . unser ziel ist es lediglich , dass wir eine chance haben lange genug zu überleben um das möglicherweise zu tun . vielen dank !
we &apos;re a ways away from improving people : our goal is just to make sure that we have a chance to survive long enough to maybe do that . thank you very much .
we are able to improve light years of improving people . our goal is to only have a chance to survive long enough to do that . thank you very much .
we &apos;re going to be able to improve people . our goal is just that we have a chance to survive long enough to survive . thank you very much .

was ist es also für eine idee , darauf zu bestehen , dass jede familie eine wahl zwischen mehreren städten hat , die in konkurrenz um neue bewohner stehen ?
what kind of an idea is it to think about insisting that every family have a choice of several cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
so what is it for an idea that every family has a choice between cities that are competing in competition to make new citizens ?
so what is it for an idea that every family has a choice between a majority of cities that are in competition for new resistance ?

durch verbesserung , ausprobieren und durch die untersuchung von verbrauchern , habe ich versucht dieses komplizierte konzept der charter city auf die wesentlichen elemente zu reduzieren .
through a process of refinement , trial and error , a lot of user testing , i tried to boil this complicated concept of charter city down to the bare essentials .
by improvements , audacity , and by investigating , i tried to reduce this complicated concept of charter city to reduce elements .
by improvements , auction and investigating the study of consumers , i tried to reduce this complicated concept of charter city on the essentially elements .

jedenfalls von dem teil , der mit neugier und wissenschaft zu tun hat . es war alles . es war abenteuer , es war neugier . es war vorstellungskraft .
of course , the curiosity , the science component of it -- it was everything . it was adventure , it was curiosity , it was imagination .
anyway , the part that he did with curiosity and science has been . it was all . it was adventure , it was curious . it was imagination .
anyway , the part of the curiosity and science has to do . it was all . it was adventure , it was curiosity . it was curiosity .

und das hier ist bio<unk> , der eben auch erwähnte hackerspace , dieses ja , so eine art volkshochschule im prinzip für für molekulare biologie .
and yes , so you can see that it &apos;s a relatively relatively heterogeneous thing , so from some people who do it on their own from home , to big i mean , larger organisations , who are doing this more formally in an institutionalised form already .
and this is biofuels , which is also mentioned hair space , this one , which is a kind of volcano school in principle for molecular biology .
and this is biodiversity , which is also mentioned sharks , this kind of thing , which is a kind of volcanic art in the principle of molecular biology .

im laufe des films hatten wir mehr als 500 firmen , die up und down-firmen waren und die &quot; nein &quot; sagten , weil sie nicht teil des projekts sein wollten .
over the course of this film , we had 500-plus companies who were up and down companies saying , &quot; no , &quot; they didn &apos;t want any part of this project .
over the course of the film , we had more than 500 companies that were down and downtown companies , and they said , &quot; no , because they didn &apos;t want to be part of the project .
in the course of the film , we had more than 500 companies that were down and downtown companies , and they said , &quot; no , because they didn &apos;t want to be part of the project .

ich kombinierte es mit meiner früheren vorliebe fürs zeichnen , aber es war ein bisschen anders , denn beim benutzen der kamera war der prozess vielmehr in der planung .
it mixed with my earlier passion for drawing , but it was a bit different , because using the camera , the process was in the planning instead .
i combined it with my former love of love , but it was a little different , because the camera was more in terms of the process .
i combined it with my breakfast love , but it was a little different because the camera was using a lot more in the process .

sie haben eine eigenartige sprache und eine heiratsvorschrift die linguistische exogamie genannt wird : man muss jemanden heiraten , der eine andere sprache spricht .
they have a curious language and marriage rule which is called &quot; linguistic exogamy : &quot; you must marry someone who speaks a different language .
they have a language , and a margin script called the linguistic exogamie , you have to marry somebody who speaks a different language .
they have a strange language and a married script called linguistic examamy : you have to marry someone who speaks another language .

und es ist eine lust , wenn sie in italien sehen , wie die leute im hohen bogen so &apos; ne coladose aus dem auto rausschmeißen , dazu .
and a pleasure too , if you look at how people in italy throw out a can of coca-cola from their car window .
and it &apos;s a lust , if you look in italy , like the people in the high bow , you know , it &apos;s like that coke from the car , you know .
and it &apos;s a lust , if you look in italy , like people in the high bow of coke &apos;s car out of the car .

wie man glück steigern kann geht sehr unterschiedlich abhängig davon , wie sie denken und ob sie an das erinnernde selbst denken oder ob sie an das erlebende selbst denken .
how to enhance happiness goes very different ways depending on how you think , and whether you think of the remembering self or you think of the experiencing self .
how to increase happiness is very different from how you think and whether you think of memory or think about whether you think of life itself .
how to be fortunate to be very different dependent on how they think and whether they think of memory themselves or whether they think of life .

das heißt , wir projiezieren erst unser sehen , bevor wir es dann sehen , das wieder nach hinten in unseren seheapparat reinbringen , um zu sagen , okay ,
that means we first project what we see before we actually see it , then we bring that to the back into our seeing machine , and then we say , okay ,
that means we &apos;re proposing our first look before we see it , again , bringing it back to our device back in our hemisphere to say , okay .
that means that we &apos;re only seeing our profoundly before we see it , again , going back to the back in our seattle , to say , okay .

laut burrelles war die premiere im januar , und seitdem -- und das ist nicht einmal die ganze sache -- gab es 900 millionen aufrufe von diesem film .
according to burrelles , the movie premiered in january , and since then -- and this isn &apos;t even the whole thing -- we &apos;ve had 900 million media impressions for this film .
according to burrerrwas the premier in january , and since then -- and that &apos;s not even the whole thing -- there were 900 million people on this film .
according to burrory , the prime in january , and since then -- and that &apos;s not the whole thing -- there were 900 million calls of this film .

wie es sich anfühlen würde , in einer welt zu leben , in der der deutsche staat menschen hinrichten ließ , besonders , wenn darunter unverhältnismäßig viele juden wären .
what would it feel like to be living in a world where the nation state of germany was executing people , especially if they were disproportionately jewish ?
as it would feel like to live in a world where the german state allowed people to do , especially in particular , when there were a lot of jewelry .
how would it feel like it would be alive in a world where the german state had left people , especially if there were more unequal juvenile .

dem filmstudio habe ich das als &quot; romeo und julia auf einem schiff &quot; verkauft . es wurde ein liebesfilm epischen ausmaßes , ein leidenschaftlicher film .
you know , i went and pitched it to the studio as &quot; &apos; romeo and juliet &apos; on a ship : &quot; it &apos;s going to be this epic romance , passionate film . &quot;
the movie studio i sold this as &quot; romeo and julia ship on a ship , &quot; it became a film of episode , a passionate film .
the movie studio , i sold this as a &quot; romeo and julia on a ship , &quot; it became a movie of film , a passionate film .

einer der bereiche , in dem wir das zum beipiel sehen , in unserer heutigen kultur , in den heutigen vereinigten staaten , sind die kämpfe über den beginn und das ende des lebens .
one of the places we &apos;re seeing it , for example , in our culture today , in the united states today , is battles over the beginning of life and the end of life .
one of the areas we see in which we look at this , in our culture , today , in the united states , is the fighting over the beginning and the end of life .
one of the areas that we see in the examples of both our culture today , in the united states today , is the fighting over the beginning and the end of life .

einige wochen später , erhielt die feuerwache einen brief der hausbesitzerin , in dem sie sich für den tapferen einsatz bei der rettung ihres hauses bedankte .
a few weeks later , the department received a letter from the homeowner thanking us for the valiant effort displayed in saving her home .
a couple of weeks later , the fireman received a letter home of household in which she used to use for the tapestry at the rescue of her house .
a couple of weeks later , the fireelections got a letter of the household in which they use for the pure use of their homework .

jetzt führe bitte alle diese zufällig gewählten instruktionen aus , führe alle programme aus , und wähle schlussendlich diejenigen , welche meiner vorgaben am nächsten sind . &quot;
now would you please run all of those random sequences of instructions , run all of those programs , and pick out the ones that came closest to doing what i wanted . &quot;
now , all of you have to do these randomly available instructions , all of the programs , and all the programs , and eventually , those who are the benefits of my spending . &quot;
now , all of these randomly elected instructions from leaders , all of the programs , and tubes that are the people who are next to me . &quot;

sie kam von einem mann , einem afro-amerikaner , sympathisch , rau , obdachlos , der auf einer geige spielte , die nur noch zwei saiten hatte .
and the source was a man , an african-american man , charming , rugged , homeless , playing a violin that only had two strings .
she came from a man , a african-american , sympathy , rapy , homeless , who played a violin who had only two sations .
she came from a man , a afro-american , sympathy , rau , homeless , homeless , who played on a spiritual that only had two savers .

tatsächlich wuchsen die tröpfchen , welche eine für das wachstum optimalere zusammensetzung hatten schneller als andere und integrierten mehr und mehr chemikalien von aussen und teilten sich schneller .
in fact , the drops that were different in a way that caused them to be better at incorporating chemicals around them , grew more and incorporated more chemicals and divided more .
in fact , the trunk , which had an opposition for the growth of the optimal , had more integrated and more chemicals and more chemicals than faster .
in fact , the trashes , which had a way for the growth of improvements faster than others and integrated more chemicals and more chemicals and more of chemicals and faster .

nun , in unserer stadt , in der freiwillige eine hochqualifizierte berufsfeuerwehr unterstützten , muss man ziemlich früh an der brandstelle sein , um mitmischen zu können .
now in our town , where the volunteers supplement a highly skilled career staff , you have to get to the fire scene pretty early to get in on any action .
now , in our town , in the volunteer community , you have to be able to be able to have a high-tech career , you have to be pretty early on the brand to mix with it .
well , in our city , in the volunteer , a highly qualified team , you have to be pretty early on the brand to mix .

und meine freunde , die große , gigantische hollywood-filme machen , sagen , dass der grund , warum ihre filme so erfolgreich sind , an den markenpartnern liegt , die sie haben .
and the friends of mine who make big , giant hollywood movies say the reason their films are so successful is because of the brand partners that they have .
and my friends , the big , gigantic hollywood movies , say that the reason why they &apos;re so successful is so successful in the marks that they have .
and my friends , the great , big , giant harbor movies , say that the reason why their films are so successful , are so successful at the marks that they have .

und erst als er 19 jahre alt wurde , bekam er genügend medizinische probleme , tatsächlich davon , weil er innerlich menstruierte , dass die ärzte herausfanden , dass er im inneren weiblich war .
and it was only when he had reached the age of 19 that he began to have enough medical problems actually from menstruating internally , that doctors figured out that , in fact , he was female internally .
and only when he was 19 years old , he got a lot of medical problems , actually because he had internal wisdom that the doctors discovered that he was in the interior .
and only when he was 19 years old , he got enough medical problems , in fact , because he found that the doctors found out that he was in the inner white .

der durchschnitt für die meisten liegt bei ca. 50cm , bwl-studenten schaffen die hälfte davon , anwälte etwas mehr , aber nicht viel , kindergartenkinder sind besser als die erwachsenen .
so the average for most people is around 20 inches ; business schools students , about half of that ; lawyers , a little better , but not much better than that , kindergarteners , better than most adults .
the average piece for most of them is about 50 inches , blow students made half of them , lawyers do something more , but not much , kindergarten are better than adults .
the average of most is about 500,000 inches , bmb students create half of them , lawyers , but not much , a lot of children are better than adults .

es fing mit einer frage des bürgermeisters an , der zu uns kam und sagte , dass spanien und südeuropa eine schöne tradition haben , an öffentlichen orten wasser als teil der architektur zu nutzen .
it started with a question by the mayor of the city , who came to us saying that spain and southern europe have a beautiful tradition of using water in public space , in architecture .
it started with a question of mayor who came to us , and said that spain and south pacific have a beautiful tradition in public places as part of architecture .
it started with a question of the mayor that came to us and said that spain and south europe have a beautiful tradition of public places than using architecture .

und um ehrlich zu sein , die einzige wirkliche und bleibende behinderung , mit der ich mich auseinander setzen musste , ist , dass die welt ständig meint , sie könne mich mit diesen definitionen beschreiben .
and , truthfully , the only real and consistent disability i &apos;ve had to confront is the world ever thinking that i could be described by those definitions .
and to be honest , the only thing and real disability that i had to do with each other is that the world is constantly thinking about me with these definitions .
and to be honest , the only real and real disability that i had to put myself apart with each other is that the world could always describe me with these conditions .

wenn ich mich also in diesem raum umsehe und menschen sehe , die entweder schon einen beachtenswerten erfolg erreicht haben oder auf ihrem weg dorthin sind , möchte ich folgende erinnerung anbieten : warten sie nicht .
so as i look around this room at people who either have achieved , or are on their way to achieving , remarkable levels of success , i would offer this reminder : don &apos;t wait .
so when i look around in this room and i see people who have reached a tense success , or on their way , i want to offer it to you , don &apos;t wait for it .
so when i look around in this room and people who either have achieved an eighth success , or on their way , i want to offer remembering memory : don &apos;t wait .

wenn sie an &quot; avatar &quot; denken , wenn sie daran denken , warum die menschen davon so berührt wurden – abgesehen von der pocahontas-geschichte , warum waren sie so berührt von der bilderwelt ?
and if you think about &quot; avatar , &quot; if you think of why people were so touched by it -- never mind the pocahontas story -- why so touched by the imagery ?
if you think about &quot; avatar , &quot; if you think about why people have been touched by this -- apart from the powder story , why were they so touched by the imagery of the world ?
if you think of &quot; avatar , &quot; if you think about why people were touched by this -- apart from the pollhoney history , why were they touched by the image of the world ?

wenn sie sich vorstellen diese 20 millionen unterschiedlichen gene herzustellen oder diese prozesse zu optimieren um oktan herzustellen oder medikamente neue impfstoffe , wir können mit einem nur kleinen team mehr molekularbiologie verändern als die letzten 20 jahre wissenschaft .
when you think of processing these 20 million different genes or trying to optimize processes to produce octane or to produce pharmaceuticals , new vaccines , we can just with a small team , do more molecular biology than the last 20 years of all science .
if you think of these 20 million different genes , or these processes to optimize october or new drugs , we can change just a small team of molecular biology than the last 20 years of science .
if you imagine these 20 million different genes , or to optimize these processes to produce octopus or new vaccine vaccine , we can only change a small team of small molecular biology as the last 20 years of science .

es gibt eine forschungsrichtung die sich geoengineering nennt , die sich mit verschiedenen techniken befasst , um die erwärmung zu verzögern , damit wir 20 oder 30 jahre länger bekämen um uns zusammenzuraufen .
there is a line of research on what &apos;s called geoengineering , which are various techniques that would delay the heating to buy us 20 or 30 years to get our act together .
there &apos;s a research facility called geoengineering , which consists with various techniques to delay the warming , so that we can get 20 or 30 years longer around us .
there &apos;s a research that &apos;s called geoengineering , which is using different techniques to devise global warming , so that we &apos;d run 20 or 30 years longer .

denn in dieser verbalen landschaftsbeschreibung ist der duft der blumen nicht zu riechen , der grad des grüns nur zu erahnen , das säuseln des windes nicht zu hören , nicht zu spüren .
because you can &apos;t smell the flowers in the verbal description of a landscape , you can &apos;t guess the shade of green , you can &apos;t hear or feel the whispering of the wind .
because in this verbal description , the duration of the flowers is not to smell the degree of the greenhouse only , the equivalent of listening to the wind is not to detect .
because in this interconnectedness , the duty of the flower is not to smell the flower , the degree of the green , the fits of the wind doesn &apos;t listen to the wind .

damit sie sehen , wie langsam dieser mechanismus sich auflöst und wie die spuren aussehen , die er hinterlässt , die auf etwas anderes führen als auf dieses großartige bild von uns selbst , will ich ihnen eine weitere geschichte näherbringen .
to show you how slowly this mechanism disappears and to illustrate the traces it leaves , which lead to something other than this grandiose image of ourselves , i would like to share another story with you .
so you can see how slowly this mechanism is pulling up and how the traces that he &apos;s leaving behind is something different than on this great image of ourselves , i want to give you another story .
so you can see how slowly this mechanism is moving , and how the traces look like the tracks that he &apos;s leaving to do something different than this great picture of us , even i want to give you another story .

aber wenn sie die form , in der sie das placebo verabreichen , zum beispiel in eine kleinere pille verändern , und diese blau färben und einen buchstaben darauf prägen , ist sie tatsächlich messbar effektiver .
but if you change the form that you give the placebo in , like you make a smaller pill , and color it blue , and stamp a letter into it , it is actually measurably more effective .
but if you give the shape , in which you give the placebo , for example , into a smaller mushroom , and those blue ones , and they prepare to you , it &apos;s actually measurable .
but if you give the shape where you give the placebo , for example , to change a smaller mushroom , and these blue sticks and a letter on it , it &apos;s actually measurable .

und sie würden so sehr in das würfelspiel vertieft sein , da spiele so faszinierend sind und uns mit befriedigender , glückseliger produktivität umgeben , dass sie vergessen würden , dass es nichts zu essen gab .
and they would be so immersed in playing the dice games because games are so engaging , and immerse us in such satisfying blissful productivity , they would ignore the fact that they had no food to eat .
and they would be so much in the sauce of the field , because games are so fascinating , and with satisfaction , happier productivity , that they would forget that there was nothing to eat .
and they would be so deeply in the worker game , because games are so fascinating and surrounded with peace , happier productivity , they would forget that there was nothing to eat .

und was ist so frustrierend und ärgerlich ist : steve levitt hat ihnen gestern darüber erzählt wie diese teurer und schwer zu installierenden kindersitze nicht helfen . es ist eine verschwendung von geld .
and what is so frustrating and infuriating is this : steve levitt talked to you yesterday about how these expensive and difficult-to-install child seats don &apos;t help . it &apos;s a waste of money .
and what &apos;s so frustrating and frustrating is : steve levitt told you about how these more expensive and hard to help instant children . it &apos;s a waste of money .
and what &apos;s so frustrating and angry : steve levitt has told you about how this expensive and it &apos;s hard to help instant instant children . it &apos;s a waste of money .

und es wurde eben es ist halt mit software großgeworden , aber es gibt es auch im elektronikbereich , da gibt es auch eine ganze bastlerszene , die mit elektronikschaltkreisen alle möglichen abgefahrenen sachen machen .
and it was it developed in the area of software , but it &apos;s also found in the electronics sector where you also find a whole tinkerer scene , which makes all sorts of crazy things with electrical circuits .
and it &apos;s just become software with software , but there &apos;s also in the electronics area , because there &apos;s a whole bathful scene that make electric circuits all kinds of stuff .
and it &apos;s been become software with software , but there are also electronics in the electronics , because there &apos;s also a whole bathroom scenes that make electric circuit all kinds of things .

jeder , der diese begriffe nicht unterscheidet wird die erforschung des glücks vermasseln , und ich gehöre zu einer menge von forschern über wohlbefinden , die die erforschung des glücks lange vermasselt haben auf genau diese art .
anyone who doesn &apos;t distinguish those notions is going to mess up the study of happiness , and i belong to a crowd of students of well-being , who &apos;ve been messing up the study of happiness for a long time in precisely this way .
each one that doesn &apos;t distinguish these terms is the research of happiness , and i listen to a lot of research about well-being , which is the research of happiness has long masses on these kinds of things .
everybody who doesn &apos;t distinguish this notion of the exploration of happiness , and i hear a lot of research on a lot of researchers about well-being , who have dedicated the research of happiness for a long time .

wir brauchen lösungen , entweder eine oder mehrere die eine unvorstellbare skalierung und unvorstellbare verlässlichkeit haben . und obwohl es viele richtungen gibt , in denen menschen danach suchen , sehe ich wirklich nur fünf , die diese großen anforderungen leisten können .
we need solutions -- either one or several -- that have unbelievable scale and unbelievable reliability , and , although there &apos;s many directions people are seeking , i really only see five that can achieve the big numbers .
we need solutions , either one or several of them , to have an unthinkable and imaginable imagination , and even though there are many directions in which people are looking at , i can only see five of those big demands .
we need solutions , either , or several of the imaginative imagination and imaginable imagination , and even though there are many directions that are looking for people to look for , i really see just five of these big demands .

aber das ist das netteste , was passieren kann , weil dies der gruppenzwang ist , gruppenzwang , um patienten zu helfen , denn das könnte gegen fettleibigkeit eingesetzt werden , oder es könnte patienten das rauchen abgewöhnen .
but that &apos;s the nicest thing that could happen , since this is peer pressure , peer pressure used to help patients -- since this could be used for obesity , it could be used to stop smoking in patients .
but that &apos;s the net , which can happen , because this is a group of group , a group of group , to help patients , because that could be used against obesity , or patients could be erased .
but this is the most networking thing that can happen , because this is the group forecast to help patients to help patients , because that could be used against obesity , or it could be used to smoke the noise .

aber als ich mit ihn telefonierte , und ihn fragte , warum er diese eingriffe machte -- es waren hoch riskante operationen -- war seine antwort , dass in seinem land , diese kinder sehr schlecht behandelt werden würden , und deshalb musste er es tun .
but when i was on the phone with him , asking why he was going to do this surgery -- this was a very high-risk surgery -- his answer was that , in this other nation , these children were going to be treated very badly , and so he had to do this .
but when i was with him , and he asked him why he made this intervention -- it was high surgeries -- his answer was that in his country , these kids would be very bad , and so he had to do it .
but when i asked him with phones , and he asked him why he did this intervention -- it was high risk surgery -- his answer was that in his country , these kids would be treated very bad , and so he had to do it .

das heißt wir fühlen uns so schuldig auf der erde , dass wir sagen . es gibt keinen bio-landbau , kein bioland , kein nature-et-progrès und wie sie alle heißen , die erlauben , dass unsere eigenen exkremente zurückgehen .
that means we feel so guilty on this planet , that we say , there is no organic agriculture , no bioland , no nature-et-progrès or whatever they &apos;re all called , that permits our own excrement to be put back into the cycle .
this is what we feel so guilty about earth , that we say , there &apos;s no bio-landing , no bioluminescent , no prostate progression and no progression , and how all of them allow us to go back to our own excrete .
that means that we feel so guilty on earth that we say , we don &apos;t have bio-building landscapes , not a bioluminescent proof , and as they all allow us to go back to our own extent .

also wenn ich jetzt das machen die die profiler am tatort , gehen dann hin , sammeln da irgendwelche haarproben , und dann machen die diese wenden dann diese methode an , und dann können sie sagen , o.k , dieses haar gehört zu diesem menschen , so .
so when i now that &apos;s what the what profilers do at a crime scene , they go there , collect some hair samples , and then they make these implement this method , and then they can say , okay , this hair belongs to this person , like that .
so now , if i do that , the profiles on the ground , then , you know , there &apos;s some hazard samares , and then they &apos;re going to turn this method , and then they can say , o.ok , this hak belly to this person .
so if i do this now , the profillers are going to go to the site , then collecting any samples , and then they do this method , and then they can say , you can say , ooh , this hair , this is what people are doing .

nachkommen der alten tyrannischen zivilisation , die die karibische küstenebene von kolumbien bevölkerten und in folge der eroberung zog sich dieses volk in ein isoliertes vulkanisches massiv zurück , das über der karibischen küstenebene aufsteigt .
descendants of the ancient tairona civilization which once carpeted the caribbean coastal plain of colombia , in the wake of the conquest , these people retreated into an isolated volcanic massif that soars above the caribbean coastal plain .
afternoon , the old tyrannian civilization , the caribbean coastal coastal plain , and then the consequence of this group moved from a volcanic canic canadian , moving back over the caribbean level .
now , the old tyrannranian civilization , the cartoons of colonists of colombia , and in the order of the consequence of this people moved back into a isolated volcanic volcanic canic , goes back over the caribbean level .

ich bin froh sagen zu können , dass wir diese zustände nicht haben -- ein chirurg mit dem ich vor ein paar jahren sprach , der ein paar siamesische zwillinge mit sich hergebracht hatte , um sie zu trennen , teilweise um sich einen namen zu machen .
i &apos;m glad to say we don &apos;t have the kind of situation with -- a surgeon i talked to a few years ago who had brought over a set of conjoined twins in order to separate them , partly to make a name for himself .
i &apos;m glad to say that we don &apos;t have these states -- a surgeon that i spoke to a few years ago , who had a few six-word twins to separate them in a way to make a name .
i &apos;m glad to say that we don &apos;t have these circumstances -- a surgeon that i talked to a few years ago that had brought a couple of siamic twins with herself to separate them together to make a name .

was wäre , wenn sie die spermien und eizellen oder das frisch befruchtete ei verändern könnten , um ihren kindern eine bessere chance für ein gesünderes leben zu geben - beseitigung der diabetes , beseitigen die hämophilie , das risiko von krebs reduzieren ?
what if you could change the sperm and the ova , or change the newly fertilized egg , and give your offspring a better chance at a healthier life -- eliminate the diabetes , eliminate the hemophilia , reduce the risk of cancer ?
what if you were to change the sperm and the eggs and the eggs or the fresh fruit could change your kids to give a better chance for a healthy life -- the diabetes of diabetes , the diabetes , the helpless of cancer , the risk of cancer ?
what if they could change the mimics and eggs or the frog , or the frozen fruit , to give their children a better chance to give a better chance for a healthy life -- the iron diabetes , diabetes , the ugly poor risk of aid , the risk of cancer ?

indem er musik spielte und über musik sprach , war aus diesem paranoiden , verwirrten mann , der eben noch durch die straßen von los angeles gezogen war , ein liebenswerter , gebildeter , ausgezeichneter , in juilliard ausgebildeter musiker geworden .
and through playing music and talking about music , this man had transformed from the paranoid , disturbed man that had just come from walking the streets of downtown los angeles to the charming , erudite , brilliant , juilliard-trained musician .
by playing music and talking about music , it was from this paranoid , confused , the man who had just moved through the streets of los angeles , a loving , defeated , dedicated , smiling , in juiler &apos;s recorded musician .
by playing music and talking about music , from this paranoid , confused man , who had just moved through the streets of los angeles , a roundant , destructive , destructive , nearby jet , in juicer musicians .

in unserem wunsch , die menschen zu schützen , die uns am herzen liegen und ihnen die kalte , harte wahrheit über ihre medizinische prognose mitzuteilen oder sogar eine prognose zur lebensqualität zu stellen , die sie erwartet , müssen wir aufpassen , dass wir nicht den grundstein dafür legen , dass jemand tatsächlich behindert ist .
in our desire to protect those we care about by giving them the cold , hard truth about their medical prognosis , or , indeed , a prognosis on the expected quality of their life , we have to make sure that we don &apos;t put the first brick in a wall that will actually disable someone .
in our desire to protect the people who are on the heart and tell them the calendar truth about their medical formulas or even a forecast to the quality of the quality of life , we have to admit that we don &apos;t miss the baseline , that somebody is actually disabled .
in our wish to protect people who are in the heart of hearts , and the calcium , the truth of their medical proposal , or even a proper capital to the quality of life that we need to adapt , that we don &apos;t really care about the fundamental stone for it .

nun , nicht genau das , was ich mir erhofft hatte , doch ich ging los -- die treppen hoch , den flur entlang , an den &quot; echten &quot; feuerwehrmännern vorbei , die zu diesem zeitpunkt mit dem löschen schon so ziemlich fertig waren , in das schlafzimmer um ein paar schuhe zu holen .
so , not exactly what i was hoping for , but off i went -- up the stairs , down the hall , past the &apos; real &apos; firefighters , who were pretty much done putting out the fire at this point , into the master bedroom to get a pair of shoes .
now , not exactly what i hoped to do , but i went up -- the stairs , the floods , the floods , along the real firemen who were over the course of this day , who were quite ready to get quite done in the bedroom into a pair of shoes .
now , not exactly what i was hoping to me , but i went down -- the stairs , the flur , up , along the &quot; the real firemen , &quot; the firemen that were already done with this kind of sleep at this point where they were quite ready to get a couple of shoes .

das ist , wenn man einen laserstrahl fokussiert , auf einen im raum , dann kann man damit kleine partikel einfangen in der luft oder in in der flüssigkeit und dann in diesem fokus bewegen , also , der ist dann da eingefangen , also wie so ein wie so ein traktorbeamstrahl im prinzip .
this is when you focus a laser beam on a in a space , and then you can catch little particles in the air with it or in in liquid and then move them in this focus , so , they &apos;re then trapped in there , so it &apos;s basically like a tractor beam .
and that &apos;s what it &apos;s like when you focus a laser , you can put it into a room , and you can catch small particles in the air or in the liquid , and then you put it in that lift , so that &apos;s where you start , so , like a trajectory , you can get a toronto basically .
so this is , if you focus a laser , on a room , you can catch little particles in the room , or you can move little particles into the air or in the air , and then you move into this liquid , and then the focus , and then it &apos;s tied , so it &apos;s like a knee in the principle .

ich hatte angst , nicht meinetwegen , sondern ich hatte angst , dass ich ihn verlieren könnte , dass er in einen seiner zustände versinken könnte und dass ich ihm seine beziehung zur geige zerstören könnte , wenn ich anfing , über tonleitern und arpeggios und andere aufregende formen der didaktischen geigenpädagogik zu reden .
and i was afraid , not for myself , but i was afraid that i was going to lose him , that he was going to sink into one of his states , and that i would ruin his relationship with the violin if i started talking about scales and arpeggios and other exciting forms of didactic violin pedagogy .
i was scared , i was afraid , not because of , but i was afraid that i could lose it in one of his states , and that i could destroy his relationship to the mind , if i began to destroy , and i started talking about tons of pepper and exciting , and other exciting forms of greeks that he could talk to speak in the dagogy .
i was afraid that i was scared , not because i was afraid that i could lose it , that he could sink it in his circumstances and that i could destroy his relationship to mind if i could destroy him about brighteen and pearos and other forms of the godges of gok .

ich würde gerne geradewegs einen der originalen datensätze von noah zeigen und das ist von einem frühen prototyp von photosynth an dem wir erstmals im sommer gearbeitet haben , um ihnen das zu zeigen , wovon ich glaube , dass es wirklich die pointe hinter dieser technologie , der photosynth-technologie ist . und dies ist nicht unbedingt so offensichtlich , wenn man die umgebungen betrachtet , die wir auf der website haben .
i would like to jump straight to one of noah &apos;s original data-sets -- and this is from an early prototype of photosynth that we first got working in the summer -- to show you what i think is really the punch line behind this technology , the photosynth technology . and it &apos;s not necessarily so apparent from looking at the environments that we &apos;ve put up on the website .
i &apos;d like to just show you one of the original databases of noah , and that &apos;s by a prototype from photosynth photosynth we &apos;ve been working on in the summer to show you what i think it &apos;s really the pointing of this technology , which is synthetic technology , and it &apos;s not so obvious that if you look at the environments that we have on the website .
i &apos;d like to show you an original database of noah data , and this is from a early photosynth of synth synth , where we first worked in the summer , to show you what i think it &apos;s really the power of this technology that &apos;s really behind this technology , and that &apos;s not necessarily the photosynthesities that we look at .

und wir unternehmen eine reihe von reisen in die ethnosphäre , auf denen wir unser publikum zu orten von solch kulturellen wundern mitnehmen , dass sie von dem gesehenen geblendet werden. und hoffentlich , werden sie einer nach dem anderen die zentrale offenbarung der anthropologie annehmen : dass diese welt es verdient hat , auf verschiedene weisen zu existieren , dass wir eine lebensmöglichkeit in einer wirklich multikulturellen pluralistischen welt finden können , bei der die weisheit von allen menschen zu unserem gemeinsamen wohlbefinden beitragen kann .
and what we &apos;re doing is a series of journeys to the ethnosphere where we &apos;re going to take our audience to places of such cultural wonder that they cannot help but come away dazzled by what they have seen , and hopefully , therefore , embrace gradually , one by one , the central revelation of anthropology : that this world deserves to exist in a diverse way , that we can find a way to live in a truly multicultural , pluralistic world where all of the wisdom of all peoples can contribute to our collective well-being .
and we &apos;re going to travel a series of companies in the ethnic sphere that we &apos;re going to take our audience from such cultural units that they &apos;re going to be able to be locked by the laws of blurry , and hopefully they &apos;re going to take the other centers of the central anthropology of anthropology : that the world has been deserving in different ways that we can actually find a possibility of life in a multiverse where we can actually find the multiplausighted by all the world of our people .
and we have a series of companies in the ethnosphere , where we &apos;re taking our audience from such cultural wells , that they &apos;re dependent on the paralyzed , and hopefully they &apos;re going to be able to be able to think of another central anthropologist in the world , that there &apos;s a way to exist in different ways that we can truly exist in a cultural environment that can be able to contribute in all of the world .

wie kann ich in zehn minuten über die verbundenheit zwischen frauen über drei generationen sprechen , und wie die erstaunliche stärke dieser verbundenheit sich im leben eines vierjährigen mädchens manifestierte , als sie vor über 30 jahren mit ihrer kleinen schwester , ihrer mutter und ihrer großmutter fünf tage und nächte lang zusammengekauert in einem kleinen boot im chinesischen meer saß . eine verbundenheit , die sich im leben dieses kleinen mädchens fest verankerte und nie mehr verschwand – dieses kleinen mädchens , das nun in san francisco lebt und heute vor ihnen spricht ?
how can i speak in 10 minutes about the bonds of women over three generations , about how the astonishing strength of those bonds took hold in the life of a four-year-old girl huddled with her young sister , her mother and her grandmother for five days and nights in a small boat in the china sea more than 30 years ago , bonds that took hold in the life of that small girl and never let go -- that small girl now living in san francisco and speaking to you today ?
so , in fact , women are stuck with little girls during the age of the age of 30 , a little bit of empirical mother and women during the age of three days , who live above the universe , are having a little bit of empirical state of women in the wild , who are now living in a small part of their bodies of the universe , and now , whose little girl is living in a small belonging little over the sea of three days .
now , the women in the middle of the humility can live over one of their little women , and the sights of their sidewalk over the age of four years ago , and they can live in a little bit more than five years ago , and the women in the middle of their humility , the age of their humility , the age of their family , and they can live in the middle of one of their family , and i can &apos;t live in the middle of her family , over 10 years ago , as a little bit of her family , as a little bit of her family , as a little bit of her family , and in her family , and now , the women can live in a little bit of her family , a little , have a little bit of her family , a little , a little bit of her family , a little bit more than four years ago , and have a little , and a little , and a little bit more than four years ago

