ja ?
you see ?
yeah ?
yes ?

ja .
yes .
yeah .
yes .

danke .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

wir waren arm .
we were poor .
we were poor .
we were poor .

das ist effizient .
that &apos;s efficient .
that &apos;s efficient .
that &apos;s efficient .

wir verlieren sie .
we &apos;re losing them .
we lose them .
we lose them .

ja , guten tag .
yes , hello .
yeah , good day .
yes , good day .

zentren wurden aufgebaut .
centers were established .
central centers have been built .
centers were built .

also schauen wir mal .
so let &apos;s have a look .
so let &apos;s take a look .
so let &apos;s see .

wir können es anders .
we can do it differently .
we can do it differently .
we can do it differently .

wir brauchen energiewunder .
and so , we need energy miracles .
we need energy miracle .
we need energy miracles .

was kreiert die illusion ?
what creates the illusion ?
what creates the illusion ?
what creates the illusion ?

es gab remixe .
there were remixes .
there were remixes .
there was remixing .

er heißt paul offit .
his name is paul offit .
it &apos;s called paul open .
he &apos;s called paul open it .

es wäre unerträglich .
i couldn &apos;t bear it .
it would be intangible .
it would be uncomfortable .

das einzige land der welt .
the only country in the world .
the only country in the world .
the only country in the world .

wir produzieren nicht mehr selbst .
that means that instead of having individual memories , we have standardised , widespread patterns of memories , onto which we can attach our personal memories .
we &apos;re not producing ourselves anymore .
we don &apos;t produce ourselves anymore .

mal ehrlich - wer ist normal ?
now , who &apos;s normal ?
let &apos;s say , who &apos;s normal ?
honesty -- who &apos;s normal ?

ist das vernünftig ?
you know , is it rational ?
is that reasonable ?
is that reasonable ?

denken sie an ihre eigenen entscheidungen .
think about your own choices .
think about your own decisions .
think of your own decisions .

das sollte ich vielleicht nicht sagen .
i probably shouldn &apos;t say that .
maybe i shouldn &apos;t say that .
i should not say that .

ich meine , ich bin journalist ,
i mean , i &apos;m a journalist .
i mean , i &apos;m a journalist .
i mean , i &apos;m a journalist .

da leben viereinhalb tausend menschen .
four and a half thousand people live there .
there are four and a half thousand people living there .
there are four and a half thousand people .

das ganze gebäude bestand aus wasser .
the whole building is made of water .
the whole building was made of water .
the whole building was made of water .

mein zweiter fehler war schlimmer .
the second mistake that i made was worse .
my second mistake was worse .
my second mistake was worse .

ich versuchte nun etwas spannendes .
and i tried something interesting .
i was trying to do something spanish .
i was now trying to do something spanish .

und ich habe sie noch nie gesehen .
and i &apos;ve never seen them .
and i &apos;ve never seen them .
and i &apos;ve never seen them .

es stellt sich als wirklich schwierig heraus .
it turns out to be really difficult .
it turns out it &apos;s really hard .
it turns out to be really difficult .

wir können unsere nährstoffe zurückgewinnen .
we can win back our nutrients .
we can get our nutrients back .
we can regain our nutrients .

und dies sind die neuralen strukturen .
and those are the neural structures .
and these are the neural structures .
and these are the neural structures .

okay , du willst das wirklich wissen ?
okay , you really want to hear that ?
okay , you really want to know that ?
okay , you really want to know that ?

ich nenne das den strahlenden tiger .
i call this &quot; shiny tiger . &quot;
i call that the close-up .
i call this the end of this .

wir haben diese app nicht geschrieben .
now we didn &apos;t write this app .
we haven &apos;t written this app .
we haven &apos;t written this app .

wir wissen nicht wirklich sehr viel darüber .
we don &apos;t really know very much about it .
we don &apos;t really know very much about it .
we don &apos;t really know much about it .

hier sehen sie , wie das gebäude funktioniert .
here &apos;s the building working .
this is how the building works .
here you see how the building works .

wir müssen weit kommen , und zwar schnell .
we need to go far , quickly .
we have to get far , and we have to get fast .
we &apos;ve got to come far , too fast .

ich habe ihn nie persönlich kennengelernt .
i never knew him in real life .
i &apos;ve never met him personally .
i never met him personally .

wir haben auch sehr genaue daten bekommen .
we were given very accurate data .
we also have very accurate data .
we also get very accurate data .

156 nationen senden unseren fernsehkanal .
156 nations carry our television channel .
156 nations send our tv channel .
156 nations send our tv channel .

erzählen sie mir ein wenig über diesen teil .
tell me a little bit about that part .
tell me a little bit about this part .
tell me a little bit about this part .

darüber bekommen wir eine absolut flache linie .
above that , we get an absolutely flat line .
we get an absolutely flat line .
we get an absolutely flat line .

&quot; a pale blue dot . &quot;
&quot; a pale blue dot . &quot;
&quot; a pale blue . &quot;
&quot; a pal blue dot . &quot;

meine cousins liefen überall herum .
my cousins would be running around everywhere .
my cousins all over the place .
my cousins around everywhere .

er hatte jede menge naturvideos hochgeladen .
and he had posted lots of nature videos in fact .
he had plenty of natural videos .
he had invited a lot of natural videos .

versorge amerika neu . finden sie mehr heraus .
repower america . find out more .
it &apos;s new america . find out more .
providing america . find more out .

wenn nicht , quäle heute jemand anderen .
otherwise , go bother somebody else today .
if you don &apos;t , somebody else today .
if not , if somebody else is today .

und lassen sie micht mit einem beispiel anfangen .
and let me begin with one example .
and let &apos;s start with one example .
and let &apos;s start with an example .

meine eltern sind der 80 auf den fersen .
my parents are closing in on 80 .
my parents are the 80 on the ferences .
my parents are the 80 on the ferences .

und wenn nicht , tanze dennoch deinen tanz .
and if not , do your dance anyhow .
and if you don &apos;t , you know , your dance .
and if not , yet dance .

ich wusste nicht , wie man über irgendetwas spricht .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .

dort ist jeder fußabdruck nachteilig .
every footprint is disadvantageous there .
there &apos;s every footprint there .
there &apos;s every footprint .

was macht man mit zertifikaten ?
what do you do with certificates ?
what do you do with certificate ?
what do you do with certificate ?

aber ich werde mich auf die vorführung konzentrieren .
but i &apos;m going to focus on the demo .
but i &apos;m going to focus on the performance .
but i &apos;m going to focus on the leadership .

meine mutter war das jüngste ihrer zehn kinder .
my mom was the youngest of her 10 kids .
my mother was the youngest of her 10 children .
my mother was the youngest of her 10 children .

am anfang die stammesgesellschaft durch die sprache .
in the beginning there was the tribal society , characterised by language .
at the beginning , the tribal society is the language .
at the beginning of the tribal society , through language .

das ist ein problem , das viele spieler haben .
and this is a problem that a lot of gamers have .
this is a problem that many players have .
this is a problem that many players have .

sie haben den fluss des wassers umgekehrt .
they reversed the flow of water .
they have the flow of the water of the water .
they have the flow of the water .

und wir sehen , dass es durchaus gelingt .
and we can see that it can be done .
and we see that it &apos;s coming out of yellow .
and we see that it &apos;s going through .

sie werden seltener , weil wir sie fangen .
they become rarer because we fish them .
they &apos;re going to be rare because we start them .
they &apos;re going to be rare because we start them .

das ist das problem , das ich zu lösen versuche .
that &apos;s the problem that i &apos;m trying to solve .
that &apos;s the problem that i try to solve .
that &apos;s the problem that i &apos;m trying to solve .

über interpretation wird kaum im anfängerunterricht gesprochen .
beginners &apos; classes hardly talk about interpretation .
it &apos;s not spoken at the beginning of the beginnings .
it &apos;s not going to talk about interpretation in the early class .

und schließlich , sollten wir transparenz willkommen heißen .
and ultimately , we have to embrace transparency .
and finally , we should welcome transparency .
and finally , we should come transparency .

gut , lassen sie mich ihnen etwas mehr davon zeigen .
all right , let me show you some more about this .
all right , let me show you something more of it .
all right , let me show you something more about it .

al ist ein hydrant in der stadt boston .
al is a fire hydrant in the city of boston .
al is a hydrant in the city of boston .
al is a hydrant in the city of boston .

ich werde über eine winzige , kleine idee sprechen .
i &apos;m going to speak about a tiny , little idea .
i &apos;m going to talk about a tiny , little idea .
i &apos;m going to talk about a tiny , little idea .

wir sehen das in allen möglichen bereichen des menschlichen lebens .
so we &apos;re seeing this in all sorts of places in human life .
we see this in all kinds of human life .
we see this in all kinds of lives of human life .

geh und quäle leonard cohen . <unk>
go bother leonard cohen . &quot;
go and squeeg cows .
geh and quantum leonard cohen .

man kann sich in all diesen museen hier umsehen .
you look around at all these museums here .
you can see in all these museums there .
you can see in all these museums here .

das nächste . dies war der schönste tag meines lebens .
the next one : this was the best day ever .
the next one . this was the most beautiful day of my life .
the next one . this was the most beautiful day of my life .

wir konditionierten sie neu , reparierten sie .
we reconditioned them all , fixed them .
we were regarding them , repaired them .
we put them new , repair them .

wir konzentrieren uns nun auf treibstoffe der vierten generation .
we &apos;re focusing on now fourth-generation fuels .
we &apos;re now focusing on the fourth generation of the fourth generation .
we &apos;re now focusing on fuels of vital generation .

ich liebe diesen kerl ; sein ausdruck ist unbezahlbar .
i love this guy ; his expression is priceless .
i love this guy ; his expression is unaffordable .
i love this guy ; his expression is uncomfortable .

nun , heutzutage wissen wir alles darüber woher unsere sachen kommen .
well today , we know everything about where our objects come from .
now , today , we know everything about where our things come from .
well today , we know everything about where our things come from .

ich würde lieber weiterhin diese arbeit tun , die ich liebe .
i would prefer to keep doing this work that i love .
i would keep going to do this work that i love .
i would rather continue to do this work that i love .

dies ist im wesentlichen das , worüber ich hier sprechen werde .
and that &apos;s basically what i &apos;m going to be talking about .
this is essentially what i &apos;m going to talk about here .
this is basically what i &apos;m going to talk about here .

ich werde das messer einfach so in meiner faust halten .
i &apos;m just going to hold the knife in my fist like this .
i &apos;m just going to keep the knife in my hand .
i &apos;m just going to keep the knife in my jail .

stellen sie fragen , verlangen sie beweise , verlangen sie belege .
ask questions , demand proof , demand evidence .
let &apos;s ask you , ask evidence , ask you .
ask questions , ask the evidence , ask the evidence .

diginotar ist eine zertifizierungsstelle .
well diginotar is a c.a .
it &apos;s a certificate .
belinotle is a certificate place .

wenn du weit kommen möchtest , geh zusammen . &quot;
if you want to go far , go together . &quot;
if you want to come far , go together . &quot;
if you want to get far , go together . &quot;

und so entflieht er seinen quälenden zuständen .
and that is an escape from his tormented state .
and this is how it flies its elderly .
and so he &apos;s going to fly his elderly circumstances .

und ich denke , technologie wird immer wichtiger in unseren modernen gesellschaften .
and i think technology is becoming increasingly important in our modern societies .
and i think technology will always be more important in our modern societies .
and i think technology will always be more important in our modern societies .

meine großmutter war stark , aber sie war auch liebevoll .
and my grandmother was tough , but she was also loving .
my grandmother was strong , but she was also loving .
my grandmother was strong , but she was also full .

je mehr geld man verdient desto zufriedener ist man .
the more money you earn , the more satisfied you are .
the more money you deserve to satisfy your happiness .
the more money you deserve happiness is you .

je pinker also der bauch desto besser das system . &quot;
so the pinker the belly , the better the system . &quot;
so the brush of the bones , the better the system . &quot;
so the more the more the way the system is the system . &quot;

seit dieser zeit haben wir alle arten von anerkennung erhalten .
since that time , we &apos;ve had all kinds of acknowledgment .
since that time , we &apos;ve all received the species of recognition .
since that time , we &apos;ve got all kinds of recognition .

offensichtlich wird das nicht alles in meinen winzigen koffer passen .
so obviously this is not all going to fit back in my tiny suitcase .
obviously it &apos;s not going to fit all of my tiny suitcase .
obviously , that &apos;s not going to fit everything in my tiny suitcase .

ich entschuldige mich , dass ich so stark abkürzen muss .
i &apos;m sorry i have to keep this so short .
i apologize that i have to be so strong .
i &apos;m sorry that i have to cut so strong .

ich hatte einen 14jährigen , armen schwarzen jungen als mandanten .
and i had a client who was 14 years old , a young , poor black kid .
i had a 14-year-old , poor black boys as a mandatory .
i had a 14-year-old boy , black young young young boys .

sieht ziemlich so aus , wie altmodische assemblersprache .
looks pretty much like old-style assembly language .
it looks pretty much like old-fashioned language .
it looks pretty much like the old-fashioned language .

bei dem vorigen beispiel ging es darum , einzelheiten zu finden ,
now the example i showed you was all about finding details .
for example , the previous example , it was about finding the detail .
in the previous example , it was about finding units .

der pilot richtete die maschine nach dem hudson river aus .
the pilot lines up the plane with the hudson river .
the pilot gave the machine to the hudson river .
the pilot set up after the hudson river .

und ich meine hier nicht unbedingt eine technische definition der plattform .
and i don &apos;t mean necessarily a technological definition of platform here .
and i don &apos;t necessarily mean a technical definition of the platform .
and i don &apos;t necessarily mean a technical definition of the platform .

diese bilder sind außergewöhnlich , denn der übergang geht sehr schnell .
and these pictures are extraordinary because this transition is very rapid .
these images are extraordinary , because the transition is going very quickly .
these images are extraordinary , because the transition goes very fast .

wenn wir es übertreiben , können wir ein wenig zurückschütten .
if we overshoot , we can pour a little bit back .
if we take it over , we can shake a little bit back .
if we push it , we can shake a little bit back .

das ist die durchschnittliche größe eines grönland-eisbergs .
this is an average-size greenlandic iceberg .
this is the average size of a greenland icon .
this is the average size of a greenland iceberg .

dieser deputy rannte hinüber zu dem älteren schwarzen .
and this deputy jumped up and he ran over to this older black man .
this depuppet ran over to the older black .
this deputy ran across the older black black .

aber während sie mit verschiedenen menschen dieser welt über diese möglichkeiten gesprochen haben ,
i mean , you &apos;re talking to different people around the world about the possibilities here .
but as they talked to different people around the world , they have talked about these opportunities .
but as they talked to different people around the world about these possibilities .

aus meinem augenwinkel sah ich den hausmeister auf und ab gehen .
and out of the corner of my eye , i could see this janitor pacing back and forth .
from my eye angle , i saw the janitors go up and down .
i looked at the master of my eye , and i looked at the mayor and down .

ich habe ihn zuerst in einem restaurant in südspanien gegessen .
i first ate it at a restaurant in southern spain .
i first ate it in a restaurant in southern spain .
i first eaten him in a restaurant in southern spain .

also hier war endlich eine firma , die versuchte , es richtig zu machen .
so here , finally , was a company trying to do it right .
so here was finally a company trying to do it right .
so here was finally a company that tried to do it right .

meine inspiration kommt von einem ereignis , das 2.500 jahre zurückliegt .
so , i take my inspiration from something that happened 2,500 years ago .
my inspiration comes from a event that &apos;s 2,500 years back .
my inspiration comes from an event that &apos;s 2,500 years back .

eine achtsame , verspielte marke . wie ist ihre marke ?
a playful , mindful brand . what is your brand ?
an eighty , played marke . how is your brand ?
an eight-eight-hand playing marks . how is your brand ?

&quot; also sie ist zurück , &quot; sagte sie in dieser bestimmten tonlage .
&quot; well she &apos;s back , &quot; in just that tone of voice .
&quot; so she &apos;s back , &quot; she said in this particular ton .
&quot; so she &apos;s back , &quot; she said in this particular tonight .

spezialisierte fähigkeiten und prozessfähigkeiten und deren kombination führen zu erfolg .
specialized skills and facilitation skills are the combination that leads to strong success .
specialized skills and processing skills and their combination of success .
specialized skills and skills and their combination lead to success .

meiner meinung nach haben masseninhaftierungen unsere welt grundlegend verändert .
and mass incarceration , in my judgment , has fundamentally changed our world .
in my opinion , mass has changed our world fundamentally .
in my opinion , mass inferences changed our world .

und ich war gut , ich schloss mit cum laude ab .
and i did well , i graduated with honors , cum laude .
and i was good , i closed with claude around claude .
and i was good , i went down with claude .

oft ist der musikunterricht ja so , dass man erst die noten lesen lernt .
usually you first learn to read notes in music lessons .
often the music class is that you &apos;re learning to read the notes .
often , the music class is so you learn to read the notes .

er beendete den ganzen gedankengang und tat etwas komplett neues .
he just stopped that whole mental process and he did something completely novel .
he did the whole thought of it , and he did something completely new .
he ended up doing all the time , and he did something completely new .

sie ist man kann sehen , es ist eine sehr , sehr große batterie .
it is you can see that it &apos;s a very , very big battery .
you can see , it &apos;s a very , very large battery .
it &apos;s you can see , it &apos;s a very , very large battery .

und wenn ich recht habe , dann ist die kanzlerin ein mann .
if i &apos;m not right , then the chancellor is not a man .
and if i &apos;m right , the canadian is a man .
and when i &apos;m right , the kanzler is a man .

das ist also das ganze konzept , der ganze film , von anfang bis ende .
so that &apos;s the whole concept , the whole film , start to finish .
so this is the whole concept , the whole film , from the beginning to end .
so this is the whole concept , the whole film , from beginning to end .

es ist die art komplizierter kreis von dem ich ihnen heute erzählen möchte .
it &apos;s the kind of complicated circle that i &apos;m going to tell you about .
it &apos;s the kind of complicated circle i want to tell you about today .
it &apos;s the kind of complicated circle i want to tell you today .

wenn sie die funktionen dieses autos sehen möchten , können sie sie hier sehen .
if you want to see the features of this car , you can see it here .
if you want to see the functions of this car , you can see them here .
if you want to see the functions of this car , you can see here .

vor diesen fantastischen spielecontrollern gab es schafsknöchel .
before we had awesome game controllers , we had sheep &apos;s knuckles .
before this fantastic game controller , there were sheds of sheep .
before this fantastic spider controller , there was sheep .

verschiedene sprecher : drogenkrieg . massenvernichtungswaffen . tornado .
drug war . mass destruction . tornado .
different : drugs war . mass destruction . tornado .
different : drug war . mass destruction . tornado . tornado .

und noch als er aus der tür ging , zeigte er auf seinen rachen .
and even as he was walking out the door , he was still sort of pointing to his throat .
and yet , when he went out of the door , he showed up on his railroad .
and when he went out of the door , he showed up on his raw .

er tippt &quot; beutelratte &quot; in die offizielle datenbank .
he types &quot; opossum &quot; into this official knowledge base .
he goes , &quot; thylacines &quot; in the official database .
he &apos;s called &quot; thylacine &quot; in the official database .

die dauernde berieselung heutzutage mit musik ist da nicht förderlich .
the constant flooding of music today is not very beneficial there .
the continuing reportiveness of music today is not promoting music .
the permanent reportion of music today is not progressive .

wir bei berkeley bionics nennen diese roboter exoskelette .
we at berkeley bionics call these robots exoskeletons .
we call this robot , in berkeley bionics , these robots exoskeleton skeletons .
we call berkeley bionics this robot skeletons .

ich staunte : &quot; sehr archaisch , wie kann das sein ? &quot;
i said , &quot; that &apos;s archaic . how can that be ? &quot;
i stayed , &quot; very archaic , how can that be ? &quot;
i stayed , &quot; very archacally , how can that be ? &quot;

ihre eltern wurden in den 1840ern in virginia als sklaven geboren .
her parents were born in slavery in virginia in the 1840 &apos;s .
their parents were born in the 1840s in virginia as slaves .
their parents were born in the 1840s in virginia as slaves .

und interessant ist auch , dass sie auch in südostasien vertreten sind .
and it &apos;s also interesting that they &apos;re also represented in south-east-asia .
and what &apos;s interesting is that they &apos;re also in southeast asia .
and what &apos;s interesting is that they &apos;re also in southern asia .

in ihrer vorstellung : zeitrahmen und wahrscheinlichkeit so etwas wirklich ins leben zu rufen ?
so , in your mind , timescale and likelihood of actually taking something like this live ?
in your idea , excuse me , and likelihood of calling you something really in life ?
in your mind , present and probability to call something like that really in life ?

und sie glaubte , dass dies die themen seien , um die wir uns kümmern müssten .
and these were the things she thought we needed to commit to .
and she believed that this is the themes that we have to take care of .
and she believed that this is the themes we need to take care of .

es ist unglaublich . sie sehen sich um und erkennen &quot; dieses team wird gewinnen . &quot;
it &apos;s incredible . you know , you look around , you go , &quot; oh , that team &apos;s going to win . &quot;
it &apos;s incredible . you &apos;re looking around and you can see , &quot; this team will win . &quot;
it &apos;s incredible . you can see this team is going to win .

und mehr als alles andere , sind sie die besten eltern , die sie nur sein können ?
and more than anything , are you being the best parent you can ?
and more than anything else , are you the best parents you can only be ?
and more than anything else , are you the best parents you can be ?

ich möchte mit dem beginnen , was ich &quot; offizielles dogma &quot; nenne .
i want to start with what i call the &quot; official dogma . &quot;
i want to start with what i call &quot; official dogma . &quot;
i want to start with what i call official dogma .

dies ist der kangerlussuaq fluss in südwest grönland .
this is the kangerlussuaq river in southwest greenland .
this is the canvas river river river in southwest greenland .
this is the canadian river river in southern west greenland .

&quot; don &quot; , sagte ich , &quot; was zum beispiel sind nachhaltige proteine ? &quot;
&quot; don , &quot; i said , &quot; what are some examples of sustainable proteins ? &quot;
&quot; don &apos;t &quot; i said , &quot; what are sustainable proteins ? &quot;
&quot; don , &quot; i said , &quot; what are sustainable proteins ? &quot;

und so fand ich eine firma namens olson zaltman in pittsburg .
and so i found a company called olson zaltman in pittsburg .
and so i found a company called olson zman in pittsburgh .
and so i found a company called olson zolman in pittsburg .

im sinne des anderen selbst , des erinnernden selbst , bekommen sie eine andere geschichte .
in terms of the other self , the remembering self , you get a different story .
in the sense of the other self , the memory itself , they get another story .
in the sense of the other self , the memory itself , they get a different story .

wenn das fehlerfrei geschieht , bekommt der schüler das nächstschwierige stück auf .
once it &apos;s played free of mistakes , the student gets their next piece to learn , which is slightly harder .
when the error happens , the student will get the hard piece on it .
when the error happens , the students are going to get the hard piece of hard .

kein wichtiges unterfangen , das innovation verlangte , wurde je ohne risiko angegangen .
and no important endeavor that required innovation was done without risk .
no important capabilities , the innovation landed , has ever been done without risk .
no important underground , the innovation was landed without risk .

es wäre gewissenlos von uns , bewusst und gezielt menschen hinzurichten . «
it would be unconscionable for us to , in an intentional and deliberate way , set about executing people . &quot;
it would be ignored by us , consciously , and we &apos;ll be able to make people . &quot;
it would be very aware of us , consciously , to make people feel . &quot;

ich konnte es in ihren augen sehen , da war schrecken , das leben war zu ende .
i could see in her eyes , it was terror . life was over .
i could see it in their eyes because it was shy to end life .
i could see it in her eyes because it was scared to end life .

also müssen wir über die patologie hinaus schauen und uns auf alle bereich der menschlichen möglichkeiten konzentrieren .
so we need to see through the pathology and into the range of human capability .
so we need to look beyond the patology and focus on all the domain of human possibilities .
so we have to look beyond the patch and focus on all the area of human possibilities .

es ist eine nette kleine app , wo man einen hydranten adoptieren kann .
it &apos;s a cute little app where you can adopt a fire hydrant .
it &apos;s a nice little app where you can adopt a hydrant .
it &apos;s a nice little app where you can have a hydrant adoption .

das interessante ist die metapher , welche die beziehung zwischen dem individuum und der natur definiert .
what &apos;s interesting is the metaphor that defines the relationship between the individual and the natural world .
the interesting thing is the metaphor that defines the relationship between the individual and nature .
the interesting thing is the metaphor that define the relationship between the individual and nature .

eine schuluniform bis zu den knöcheln , denn sie musste sechs jahre reichen .
a school uniform down to the ankles , because it had to last for six years .
a uniform uniform to the buttons , because she had to rich six years .
an innocent form to the bang , because it had to be six years rich .

was könnte besser sein ? &quot; verdammt &quot; der mann denkt , &quot; es ist august .
what could be better ? &quot; well , damn it , &quot; this guy is thinking , &quot; it &apos;s august .
what could be better ? &quot; damn &apos; &quot; man thinks , &quot; it &apos;s august .
what could be better ? &quot; the man thinks , &quot; it &apos;s august .

herr jain selbst ist auf freiem fuß , der aufenthaltsort ist unbekannt .
mr. jain himself is on the loose ; nobody knows where he is .
mr. jajain himself is on a free foot , which is unknown .
mr. jain itself is on free feet , which is unknown .

um mitternacht kam der mönch und sagte , er müsse den sarg schließen .
at midnight the monk came and told us he had to close the casket .
around midnight , the monk came , and he said , &quot; well , he &apos;ll close the sarg .
in the midnight , the furniture came and said , he would close the sarg .

sie sind 75 prozent des energiekonsums – verursachen bis zu 80 prozent der co2 emissionen .
they are 75 percent of the energy consumption -- up to 80 percent of co2 emissions .
they &apos;re 75 percent of the energy consumption -- cause to 80 percent of the co2 emissions .
they &apos;re 75 percent of the energy consumption -- cause to 80 percent of the co2 emissions .

das führt mich aber auch wieder zu dem punkt , ab wann werden die dinge denn eigentlich intuitiver ?
but that also takes me to the question as to at what point things become more intuitive ?
but that also leads me to the point , when are things going to get more intuitive ?
but that also leads me to the point when the things are going to be more intuitively intuitive ?

das ist die arbeit sehr kluger leute im büro der &quot; new urban mechanics &quot; in boston .
this is the work of the very smart people at the office of new urban mechanics in boston .
this is the work of very smart people in the office of the new mechanics in boston .
this is the work very smart people in the office of new mechanics in boston .

und keine dieser geschichten ist sehr erbaulich oder großartig -- aber eine von ihnen ist diese deutlich ...
and neither of these stories is very inspiring or great -- but one of them is this distinct ...
and no one of these stories is very built or great -- but one of them is clear ...
and no one of these stories is very building or great -- but one of them is clear ...

man hat sie zu man hat sie zum essen eingeladen , nicht zum nährstoffdiebstahl .
you were you were invited to dinner , not to steal nutrients .
you have them to invited them to eat , not to the nutrients of nutrients .
you invited them to be invited them to eat them , not to the nutrition .

wir sind billiger wie das diesel-system , wenn der dieselpreis fünf prozent pro jahr steigt .
we &apos;re cheaper than the diesel system , if the price of diesel rises by five percent a year .
we &apos;re cheaper like the same system when the same price increases five percent per year .
we &apos;re cheaper like the same system when the same price goes down five percent per year .

diese austrocknung in der ganzen welt führt zu einer dramatischen steigerung an feuern .
this drying around the world has lead to a dramatic increase in fires .
this straw in the whole world leads to a dramatic increase in fire .
this estrogen in the whole world leads to a dramatic increase on fire .

als ich sie zum ersten mal sah , hab ich sie aus dem bauch ihrer mutter geholt . &quot;
i mean , when we met i was delivering you from your mother &apos;s womb . &quot;
when i first saw her for the first time , i took her out of the belly of her mother . &quot;
when i first saw them , i put them out of her mother . &quot;

kapital , chemie und maschinen stehen darin obenan und es hat nie etwas wirklich gutes zum essen produziert .
it &apos;s high on capital , chemistry and machines , and it &apos;s never produced anything really good to eat .
capital , chemistry and machines are in there , and it never really produced something good for food .
capital , chemistry and machines are standing at it , and it has never produced something really good for food .

was ich dann aber schon bedauern würde , weil musik ist ja eine schöne , kommunikative sache .
which i would very much regret , because music is a lovely , communicative thing .
but what i already would regret , because music is a beautiful , communication thing .
but what i &apos;d like to do is regret because music is a beautiful , communication thing .

knappheit ist nämlich kontextbezogen , und technologie ist eine ressourcen befreiende kraft .
you see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a resource-liberating force .
so , nappness is consensus , and technology is a free force .
it &apos;s because it &apos;s constructive , and technology is a resource force .

und wenn man dann gute aufnahmen macht , kann das resultat ziemlich schön sein , und auch ziemlich realistisch .
and if you do a good job capturing the photos , the result can be quite beautiful and also quite realistic .
and if you make good footage , the result can be pretty beautiful , and you can be quite realistic .
and if you do good footage , the result can be pretty beautiful , and also quite realistic .

aber am ende lief es darauf hinaus , dass ich weltraumwissenschaftler mit uns in die tiefsee nahm .
but what i wound up doing was bringing space scientists with us into the deep .
but at the end , it was beyond that i took space scientist with us in the deep sea .
but at the end of the end , i ended up taking space scientists with us in the deep sea .

wie ist das jetzt mit der mit der virtualität , die eigentlich die natürlichste sache der welt ist .
but how is it with with virtuality , which is actually the most natural thing in the world ?
how about this now with virtual ality , which is actually the most natural thing in the world .
as this is now with the virtual reality , which is actually the most natural thing in the world .

mal als beispiel , die raffinierteste uns bekannte version dieser kommunikationsart ist die menschliche sprache .
and for example , the most sophisticated version that we &apos;re aware of is human language .
for example , the most famous version of this communication is the human language .
for example , as an example , the most well-known version of this communication form is the human language .

hier ist ein beispiel . für die von ihnen , die keine new yorker sind , entschuldige ich mich .
here &apos;s an example . for those of you who aren &apos;t new yorkers , i apologize .
here &apos;s an example . for those of you who are not new yorkers , i apologize .
here &apos;s an example . for those of you who are not new yorkers , i &apos;m sorry .

unsere städte wurden , in den letzten paar jahren , gerade mit netzwerken und elektronik ausgerüstet .
our cities , over the past few years , just have been blanketed with networks , electronics .
our cities became , in the last few years , just with networks and electronics .
our cities , in the last few years , just with networks and electronics and electronics .

in beiden fällen schickte ich sie nicht nach hause und es gab wohl auch keine mängel in ihrer behandlung .
now in both cases , i didn &apos;t send them home and i don &apos;t think there was any gap in their care .
in both cases , i didn &apos;t send them home , and there was no man in her treatment .
in both cases , i didn &apos;t send them home , and there were no men in their treatment .

es ist absolut erstaunlich kalt und seelentötend selbst zu uns , die es sich leisten können .
it &apos;s absolutely astonishingly cold and soul-bending to those of us who can even afford it .
it &apos;s absolutely amazing cold , and elsewhere itself can afford to afford it .
it &apos;s absolutely amazing and seventh itself to us that can afford .

michael j. nelson vom mystery science theater war einer ersten , die bei twitter darüber einen witz machte .
michael j. nelson from mystery science theater was one of the first people to post a joke about the video on twitter .
michael j. nelson from mystery science theater was one of the first ones that made a joke about it .
michael j. nelson of the mystery science theater was one of the first things that twitter did on twitter .

wir wollen , dass du eine geschichte erzählst , aber wir wollen nur , dass du unsere geschichte erzählst . &quot;
we want you to tell a story , but we just want to tell our story . &quot;
we want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story . &quot;
we want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story . &quot;

sie sehen , dass es eine art säule ist , oft als &quot; wandernde welle reaktor &quot; bezeichnet .
you can see it &apos;s a log there , often referred to as a traveling wave reactor .
you can see that it &apos;s a kind of column , often known as the wave reactor .
you can see that it &apos;s a kind of mammals , often , as a migrant wave reactor .

ich fand die zeit , die ich in diesem krankenhaus verbracht habe , einfach toll – bis auf meine physiotherapie .
i loved almost everything about my time spent at this hospital , with the exception of my physical therapy sessions .
i found the time that i spent in this hospital , just great -- until my physical therapy .
i found the time that i spent in this hospital , just great -- up to my physiological therapy .

wir haben es geschafft auf ungefähr einhundert gene zu verzichten von den 500 oder so , die hier sind .
we &apos;re able to knock out on the order of 100 genes out of the 500 or so that are here .
we &apos;ve done it on about a hundred genes from the 500 or so that are here .
we &apos;ve done it on about a hundred genes of the 500 or the ones that are here .

aber wenn sie in einem epischen abenteuer sind und gesagt bekommen : &quot; uns geht das öl aus . &quot;
but if you immerse them in an epic adventure and tell them , &quot; we &apos;ve run out of oil .
but if you &apos;re in a epic adventure and you say , &quot; we &apos;re going to get the oil out of it . &quot;
but if you &apos;re in an episode adventure , and they said , &quot; let &apos;s get the oil out of the oil . &quot;

es stellte sich heraus , dass es in wirklichkeit bedeutete , &quot; wir wollen mit ihrem film nichts zu tun haben . &quot;
turns out it really means , &quot; we want nothing to do with your movie . &quot;
it turns out that it was really significant , &quot; we don &apos;t want to do anything with your movie . &quot;
it turns out it was really meaningful , &quot; we don &apos;t want to do anything with your film . &quot;

und jedes mal , wenn es sich teilte , haben sich die darin befindlichen chemikalien zu ungleichen mengen verteilt .
and every time it divided , they got sort of unequal division of the chemicals within them .
and every time it &apos;s divided , the chemicals are distributed into the same amount of chemicals .
and every time it divided , it turns out to distribute chemicals in it .

also dass eben man als bürger in die lage versetzt wird , eben sich mit diesen wissenschaftlichen technologien auseinanderzusetzen .
so as a citizen you are put in a position where you can look into these scientific technologies .
so you &apos;re just going to be able to put citizens in the situation , just to deal with these scientific technologies .
so that you &apos;re going to be able to be able to put yourself in the situation with these scientific technologies .

wenn ein geist über diese qualitäten verfügt , können wir eine neue wirklichkeit und neue daseinsformen schaffen .
when a spirit has those qualities , we are able to create new realities and new ways of being .
if there &apos;s a mind about this qualitative , we can create a new and new unification .
if a mind has this qualities , we can create a new reality and create new forms .

hier bin ich ... das ist eine fibonacci-folge , die ich mit einem einfachen gleichungsprogramm erstelle .
so here i &apos;m -- this is a fibonacci sequence that i &apos;m making with a simple equation program .
here i am -- this is a fibonacci sequence that i do with a simple equation program .
here i am ... this is a fibonacci sequence that i have with a simple equation program .

denn es ist eine farce , dass jemand , der all das noch in sich trägt , es nicht kommunizieren kann . &quot;
because it &apos;s a travesty that someone who still has all of that in him isn &apos;t able to communicate it . &quot;
because it &apos;s a farce that somebody who cares all the way into it can &apos;t communicate . &quot;
because it &apos;s a farce that somebody who &apos;s still wearing this , it can &apos;t communicate . &quot;

es fühlte sich an , als wäre ich körperlich innerhalb des schiffswracks der titanic anwesend .
i felt like i was physically present inside the shipwreck of titanic .
it felt like i was physically physically within the shield of the titanic .
it felt like i would be in the shipping of the shipping whales of titanic .

wir sind soweit , dass wir , nur zum vergnügungszweck , selber sache in diesem code schreiben können .
in fact , one of the things that i did just for amusement purposes is we can now write things in this code .
we are so far that we can only write the cause of pleasure , even in this code .
we &apos;re far away that we can write only for pleasure , in this code .

die vereinigten staaten von amerika sind das einzige land in der welt , das dreizehnjährige kinder zum tod im gefängnis verurteilt .
the united states is the only country in the world where we sentence 13-year-old children to die in prison .
the united states of america is the only country in the world , which is three and a half children convicted in prison .
the united states of america are the only country in the world , which includes three year-olds for death in prison .

ich glaube , wir müssen mehr tun , um menschen zu helfen , die opfer einer straftat geworden sind , nicht weniger .
i believe we need to do more to help people who are victimized by crime , not do less .
i think we need to do more to help people who have become a railroad , not less .
i think we need to do more to help people who have become victims of a punishment , not less .

das al gore buch &quot; wir haben die wahl &quot; und david mckays &quot; sustainable energy <unk> the hot air . &quot;
the al gore book , &quot; our choice &quot; and the david mckay book , &quot; sustainable energy without the hot air . &quot;
the al gore &apos;s &quot; we have the choice , &quot; and david mckey &apos;s energy , &quot; the hot air quality . &quot;
al gore &apos;s book , &quot; we have the choice , &quot; and david mckaeter &apos;s &quot; hot air force . &quot;

in der zwischenzeit wurde im gleichen jahr bei den bell labs die nächste revolution angekündigt , der nächste baustein .
meanwhile the exact same year , at bell labs the next revolution was about to be announced , the next building block .
in the meanwhile , in the same year , the bell labs announced the next revolution , the next rock building block .
in the same year , the bell labs was announced the next revolution , the next building block .

wir brauchen marktanreize , co2 steuern , cap &amp; amp ; trade etwas , dass ein preissignal schafft .
we do need the market incentives -- co2 tax , cap and trade -- something that gets that price signal out there .
we need market dancing , co2 , cap &amp; amp ; d , something that a price signal creates a signal .
we need market rice , carbon , cap &amp; amp ; cap &amp; amp ; a trade that creates a prize signal .

der grund , warum ich mein handgelenk festhalte , ist der , dass darin das eigentliche geheimnis der illusion besteht .
the reason i &apos;m holding onto my wrist is because that &apos;s actually the secret of the illusion .
the reason i &apos;m holding my wrist is because the actual mystery of the illusion is the illusion .
the reason i do my wrist is that the actual secret of illusion is the illusion of the illusion .

hier ist ein beispiel eines projektes , das sie machten , eine bewegungsgesteuerte konfetti-kanone .
here &apos;s an example of a project they made , a motion-activated con<<unk>> i canon ball .
here &apos;s an example of a project that they did , a tax feminine cantileone .
so here &apos;s an example of a project that they did , a trajectory tax channel .

es ist sehr wichtig , dass diese tsunami-sirenen funktionieren , aber die leute stehlen die batterien .
it &apos;s very important that these tsunami sirens work , but people steal the batteries out of them .
it &apos;s very important that these tsunam-sized ones work , but people steal the batteries .
it &apos;s very important that these tsunamians work , but people steal the batteries .

in einem krankenhaussystem in dem das medizinische wissen sich alle zwei bis drei jahre verdoppelt , können wir nicht mithalten .
in a hospital system where medical knowledge is doubling every two or three years , we can &apos;t keep up with it .
in a hospital system where the medical knowledge is doubling every two to three years , we can &apos;t hold ourselves .
in a hospital support system , all the two to three years , we can &apos;t doubt .

ein kind in london zeigt das bild eines fuchses und sagt : &quot; oh , heute habe ich einen fuchs gesehen . &quot;
a child in london puts up a picture of a fox and says , &quot; oh , i saw a fox today . &quot;
a child in london shows the picture of a fuzzy , and he says , &quot; oh , i &apos;ve seen a fur today . &quot;
a child in london shows the image of a chief and says , &quot; oh , i &apos;ve seen a walk today . &quot;

der energiehunger der welt , der stattfindet , wird mit diesel gelöscht , weil man da keine genehmigung braucht .
the world &apos;s hunger for energy that we are seeing is relieved with diesel fuel , because you don &apos;t need a license for it .
the energy hunger of the world that &apos;s going to take place is going to take place , because you don &apos;t need any approval .
the energy hunger of the world , which is going to happen with wheel , because you don &apos;t need a proposal .

die gleitschienen ihrer schlitten wurden ursprünglich aus fisch , der in karibu-haut eingewickelt wurde , hergestellt .
the runners of their sleds were originally made of fish wrapped in caribou hide .
the trajectory of their closest origins made out of fish that was put in caribbean skin .
the same seemed that their bad ones were originated from fish that was made in cartoon skin skin skin .

und chicago hat sie gerade eingeführt , damit die leute die buergersteige freischaufeln , wenn es schneit .
and chicago just rolled it out to get people to sign up to shovel sidewalks when it snows .
and chicago has just introduced it to the people who shine the bureaucracy when it gets fast .
and chicago has just introduced it so that people release the bugs of the bumps when it stops .

davon wieder wird nur ein winziger prozentsatz jemals viral und wird tausende male angeschaut und so zum kulturellen moment .
and of that , only a tiny percentage ever goes viral and gets tons of views and becomes a cultural moment .
again , one tiny percentage of all the time will ever be deviated and will be looked like thousands and so on for the cultural moment .
and again , only a tiny percentage of this will ever be done and thousands and thousands of times as a cultural moment .

tatsächlich bin ich überzeugt , dass , wenn wir das nächste jahrhundert auf diesem planeten überleben wollen , wir diese zeit drastisch erhöhen müssen .
in fact , i believe that if we want to survive the next century on this planet , we need to increase that total dramatically .
in fact , i believe that if we want to survive the next century on this planet , we need to increase this time dramatically .
in fact , i believe that if we want to survive the next century on this planet , we need to increase that time .

dadurch mussten die städte immer mehr wachsen , weil die bauern in die städte gingen und die städte mussten immer weiter weg ihre nährstoffe holen .
so the cities had to keep on growing , as the farmers were moving into the cities and the cities had to get their nutrients from increasingly distance places .
so the cities had to grow more and more and more , because the farmers went to the cities , and the cities had to continue to get their nutrients away .
and so the cities had to grow more and more , because the farmers were going to go into cities , and the cities had to continue to keep their nutrients .

der künstler teilt ihnen etwas mit , und vor allem dieser dame , was sie nicht sieht , wenn sie einfach nur in den spiegel schaut .
the artist tells you something , and especially this woman , that she can &apos;t see if she just looks in the mirror .
the artist shares something with them , and most of these lady , which she doesn &apos;t see if she just looks in the mirror .
the artist divides you with something , and especially this lady , which you don &apos;t see when you just look in the mirror .

hier sehen sie eine echte flyfire-steuerung , die herabsinkt um wie zuvor ein gleichmäßiges v zu formen .
here is the real flyfire control and going down to form the regular grid as before .
so here you see a real flyfication tax that goes down like a equilibrium .
here you see a real flyfiction controlling the herself to form like a similar equality .

und doch bekommen sie irgendwie den eindruck , dass sie zählen sollten , dass was während dieser augenblicke des erlebens passiert unser leben ist .
and yet , somehow you get the sense that they should count , that what happens during these moments of experience is our life .
and yet , they somehow get the sense that they should count what &apos;s happening during this eye of life .
and yet , they kind of get the impression that they should count that what happened during this eye of life is our lives .

professor katey walter der universität in alaska ist mit einer weiteren arbeitsgruppe zu einem anderen flachen see letzten winter gereist .
professor katey walter from the university of alaska went out with another team to another shallow lake last winter .
professor kateney walter university in alaska is traveling with another group of other bottles over the last winter .
professor katey walter at alaska in alaska is traveled with another group of labor to another sea bottles .

nun das durchschnittsalter unserer fellows ist 28 , also bin ich , leider , fast eine generation älter als die meisten von ihnen .
now the average age of our fellows is 28 , so i am , begrudgingly , almost a generation older than most of them .
now the average salter of our field is 28 , so i &apos;m , unfortunately , almost a generation older than most of you .
now the average age of our lows is 28 , so i &apos;m , unfortunately , almost a generation older than most of you .

und sie können sich ihm nähern , und er wird sich öffnen , um sie durchspringen zu lassen , wie sie auf diesem bild sehen können .
and even you can approach it , and it will open up to let you jump through , as you see in this image .
and you can see him , and he &apos;s going to open up , and he &apos;s going to be able to jump through them , as you can see on this picture .
and you can get close to him , and he will open up to jump through you , as you can see on this picture .

in meiner eigenen menschlichkeit und mit meinen fehlern , strebte ich danach , besser zu werden in allem , was ich anpackte .
in my own humanity and mistakes , i &apos;ve tried to get better at everything i tried .
in my own humanity and with my failures , i &apos;m going to be better at everything i &apos;m going to do .
in my own humanity , and with my missing , i refused to become better in everything i could do .

und als menschen sind wir viel besser darin , probleme auf sehr lange sicht vorauszusehen , aber sie schlussendlich doch zu überwinden .
and as humans , we are far better at seeing the problems way in advance , but ultimately we knock them down .
and as humans , we &apos;re much better at looking at problems in a very long way , but they get to overcome .
and as humans , we &apos;re much better at looking at problems very long , but they &apos;re going to overcome it .

und es gibt die idee , dass wenn wir diejenigen , die fehler machen aus der medizin verbannen , dass uns ein sicheres system bleibt .
and we have this idea that if we drive the people who make mistakes out of medicine , what will we be left with , but a safe system .
and there &apos;s the idea that if we make those that make mistakes out of medicine , that we have a secure system .
and there &apos;s the idea that if we do the ones that make the errors out of medicine , that we have a safe system .

etwas , woran ich fest glaube , ist , dass wenn man seine chance ergreift , risiken eingeht , dass in diesen risiken möglichkeiten stecken .
what i always believe is that if you take chances , if you take risks , that in those risks will come opportunity .
something that i believe in is that if you take your chance , risks , you get into those risks .
one of the things that i think is that when you get your opportunity to get risks in these risks .

und etwa zwei jahre später , etwa ein jahr später , nach eine menge organisation und viel hin und her von dingen , haben wir einige sachen erreicht .
and about two years later , about a year later , after a bunch of organization and a bunch of moving things around , we &apos;d accomplished a couple things .
and about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot of things , we &apos;ve reached some things .
and about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and lots and lots of things , we &apos;ve reached some things .

in anderen worten , als wir dieses bild am 10. september sahen , wussten wir , dass die maschine funktioniert , was ein großer triumph ist .
in other words , when we saw that picture on september 10th we knew the machine worked , which is a great triumph .
in other words , when we saw this picture in september 10 , we knew that the machine is working , which is a big triumph .
in other words , when we saw this picture on september 10th , we knew that the machine works , which is a big triumph .

und nein , er hat den fisch nicht gekocht und er ist kein koch . zumindest auf die art , die sie und ich darunter verstehen .
and no , he didn &apos;t cook the fish , and he &apos;s not a chef , at least in the way that you and i understand it .
and no , he didn &apos;t cook the fish , and he &apos;s not a chef , at least in the way that i understand them .
and no , he didn &apos;t cook the fish , and he &apos;s not a coch , at least on the way that you and i understand .

können sie bitte nach ohio kommen , und bitte kommen sie zusammen mit dem mann , von dem ich weiß , dass sie ihn inzwischen gefunden haben .
could you please come to ohio , and please bring that man that i know you have found by now .
can you please come to ohio , and please come together with the man who i know you &apos;ve found him between them .
can you please come to ohio , and please come together with the man that i know you &apos;ve found it between indian .

wie sie sehen , wächst es auf das dunkelblau markierte . dies ist das jährliche eis im winter ; und es schrumpft im sommer .
as you see , it expands to the dark blue -- that &apos;s the annual ice in winter , and it contracts in summer .
as you can see , it grows on the darkness blue , and this is the annual ice in the winter of the winter , and it ruins in the summer .
as you can see , it grows on the dark blue , this is the annual ice ice in winter ; and it ruins in summer .

wenn sie denken , dass die linke anzeige swing ist und die anzeige rechts jazz ist , dann klatschen sie in die hände .
if you think the display on the left is swing and the display on the right is jazz , clap your hands .
if you think that the left one is indicator , and the display on the right is jazz , you put it in your hands .
if you think that the left show is the left , and the ad of jazz is jazz , then you clap into your hands .

und wobei wir schon über bakterien sprechen , ist ihnen bewusst , dass jeder von uns in unserem darm mehr bakterien als es zellen im rest unseres körpers führt ?
and speaking of bacteria , do you realize that each of us carries in our gut more bacteria than there are cells in the rest of our body ?
and we &apos;re talking about bacteria , you know , is that each of us in our gut more bacteria than it does in the rest of our body ?
and what are we talking about bacteria , is that every one of us in our darwinian bacteria leads more than cells in the rest of our body ?

also sprach ich über jugendarbeitslosigkeit und ausbildung , und die vernachlässigung der marginalisierten und entrechteten .
so i spoke out on youth unemployment and education and the neglect of the marginalized and the disenfranchised .
so i was talking about jugenesis and education , and the insurance of marginalized and calculated .
so i talked about judice and education and education , and the insurance of marginalized and calculated .

und das ist mittlerweile ein gigantisches netzwerk an sehr guten , ja , infrastrukturzentren geworden , die überall auf der welt vertreten sind .
and that &apos;s become a gigantic network of very good , well , infrastructure centres , which are being represented all over the world .
and this is now a gigantic network of very good , yes , infrastructural centers that have come across the world .
and this is now a giant network of very good , yes , infrastructure has become centralized in the world .

und ich weiß , dass sie wissen , was ich meine , denn ich weiß , dass sie alle in ihrem leben schon einmal eine solche darbietung gesehen haben .
and i know you know what i &apos;m talking about , because i know you &apos;ve all seen , at some point in your life , a performance like this .
and i know that you know what i mean , because i know that all of you have seen in your life have seen such a performance .
and i know you know what i mean , because i know you all have seen in your life before .

richtig ? eine spritze mit einer wirkungslosen - ein paar milliliter einer wirkungslosen substanz , die man einem patienten injiziert .
right ? a syringe with some inert -- a couple ccs of some inert something , and you inject this into a patient ...
right ? a syringe with an effective -- a few million-dollar substance that you inject in a patient .
right ? a spirigation with an effective -- a few million-million-dollar substance that you inject a patient .

denn die wahrheit ist , dass wenn sie das goldfischglas zerbrechen , so dass alles möglich ist , haben sie keine freiheit . sie haben lähmung .
because the truth of the matter is that if you shatter the fishbowl so that everything is possible , you don &apos;t have freedom . you have paralysis .
because the truth is , if you break the goldfish glass , so that everything is possible , you don &apos;t have freedom . you have hence .
because the truth is that if you break the gold glass glass , that everything is possible , you don &apos;t have freedom . you have hunter-hescalm .

die idee ist also , abgesehen davon zu zeigen , dass marken ein teil des lebens sind , eigentlich , sie dazu zu bringen , den film zu finanzieren ?
so the idea is , beyond just showing that brands are a part of your life , but actually get them to finance the film ?
so the idea is to show you that marks are a part of life , in fact , getting them to fund the film ?
so the idea is to show that marks are a part of life , actually to get them to fund the film ?

jedoch waren diese öltröpfchen nicht etwa lebendig im heutigen sinne , weil jedes einzelne davon war nur ein kleines , zufälliges rezept von chemikalien .
but now those drops of oil weren &apos;t really alive , as we say it now , because every one of them was a little random recipe of chemicals .
but these oil drops were not about living in the sense of today , because each one of them was a little , random recipients of chemicals .
but these oil spills were not about living in today , because every single one of them was just a little , random recipe of chemicals .

aber dann wurde die technologie der elektrolyse entwickelt und machte aluminiumherstellung so günstig , dass wir es mit unserer wegwerf-mentalität nutzen .
but then the technology of electrolysis came along and literally made aluminum so cheap that we use it with throw-away mentality .
but then the technology of electrolympse and made aluminum so cheap that we could use it with our intangible mentality .
but then the technology was developed by electrolyse and made aluminum so cheap that we use it with our daytime mentality .

die restlichen 20 % werden in armen ländern erzeugt werden , sowie immer noch etwas landwirtschaft . hoffentlich wird waldrohdung und zement bis dahin sauber sein .
and that 20 percent will be used up by things going on in poor countries , still some agriculture , hopefully we will have cleaned up forestry , cement .
the rest of 20 percent will be produced in poor countries , and still something else , and hopefully walks will be threatened and clean to clean .
the rest of 20 percent will be produced in poor countries , and still a little bit of agriculture , and hopefully , wal-mart is going to be clean up until clean .

und wenn ich meine hand schließe , passiert dasselbe , indem ich mich zurückdrehe , wird durch diese bewegung verborgen , dass der finger sich wieder zurückbewegt .
and then when i close my finger , same thing , as i move back , this motion kind of covers the moving back of my finger .
and when i close my hand , the same thing happens by turning me back into this movement is that the fingers are moving back again .
and when i close my hand , the same thing happened by turning me back through this movement is going to move back to the fingers again .

uns wurde später erzählt , dass wenn es über die normalen kanäle gehen würde , es über zwei jahren gedauert hätte und es hätte über zwei millionen dollar gekostet .
we were told afterward that if that had gone through normal channels , it would have taken at least two years and it would have cost about two million dollars .
we later told us that if it was going to go over the normal channel , it would have taken over two years , and it would have cost over two million dollars .
we later told us that if it was going to go about the normal channels , it took over two years , and it took it over two million dollars .

es gibt das übliche . das typische . aber nicht das normale . und würden sie diese arme , graue person wirklich kennen lernen wollen , wenn es sie wirklich gäbe ?
there &apos;s common , there &apos;s typical . there &apos;s no normal , and would you want to meet that poor , beige person if they existed ?
there &apos;s the usual thing . the typical thing . but not normal . and would you like to know these poor , gray person , really , if you really want to know ?
there &apos;s the usual . that &apos;s a typical thing . but not the normal thing . and would you really want to know this poor person , gray person really want to know if you really had it ?

dabei geht sie nicht besonders wissenschaftlich vor – sie stellt eine tasse kaffee oder tee hin und fragt die patienten , familien , verwandten , &quot; wie geht &apos; s ?
not in a very scientific way -- she puts up a little cup of coffee or cup of tea and asks patients , family , relatives , &quot; what &apos;s up ?
and they &apos;re not particularly scientific about this -- it &apos;s a cup of coffee or a coffee tea , and they ask the patients , families , relatives , &quot; how is it ?
it &apos;s not going to be particularly scientific -- it &apos;s a cup coffee or tea , and ask the patients , families , related , &quot; how are we going to go ?

aber wissen sie worauf sie sich da einlassen würden , in diesen wohnungen und deren umgebung herrschen gesetze um beschwerden zu vermeiden und vom ausbau abzulenken .
but you know what you &apos;d run into is those apartments and the surrounding areas have rules to avoid discomfort and the distractions of construction .
but you know what they were going to do in these homes and their surroundings to avoid legislation and to avoid decreasing laws .
but you know what they &apos;re going to do , in these apartments and their surroundings , they &apos;re going to be able to avoid the environment .

also was es bedeutet , diese unglaubliche freiheit der wahl wir haben in bezug auf arbeit entscheidungen zu treffen , wieder und wieder und wieder , ob wir arbeiten sollten oder nicht arbeiten sollten .
so what this means , this incredible freedom of choice we have with respect to work , is that we have to make a decision , again and again and again , about whether we should or shouldn &apos;t be working .
so what it means is that this incredible freedom of choice , we have to make decisions about work , and again , and again , whether we should work or not to work .
so what it means is that this incredible freedom of choice we have in terms of making decisions , again and again , again , whether we should work or not .

dies ist nicht wie humaninsulin ; dies ist das gleiche protein das ist chemisch ununterscheidbar von dem , was aus der bauchspeicheldrüse kommt .
this is not like human insulin ; this is the same protein that is chemically indistinguishable from what comes out of your pancreas .
this is not like humanolin ; this is the same protein that is chemical distinct from what comes from the pancreatic .
this is not like humanlin ; this is the same protein that is chemical undifferent from what comes from the pancreatic .

und zwar genau das ist passiert , dass wir die verantwortung für unsere erinnerungen und die die eigene produktion unserer individuellen erinnerungen verlagert haben auf externe medien .
and what happened is that we transferred the responsibility for our memories and the the production of our individual memories to external media .
and that &apos;s what &apos;s happening is that we have the responsibility for our memories , and our own production of our individual memories on external media .
and that &apos;s exactly what happens is that we have the responsibility for our memories and our own production of our individual memories of our individual memories .

wir haben ein comic dazu . wir haben &quot; level hoch &quot; für regionales verstehen , wissensvernetzung , nachhaltigkeit , vision und einfallsreichtum .
we &apos;ve got a graphic novel , we &apos;ve got leveling up in skills like local insight , knowledge networking , sustainability , vision and resourcefulness .
we have a comic comic . we have &quot; level up &quot; high &quot; for regional , knowledge , knowledge , sustainability , vision and ingenuity .
we have a comic comic . we have a level of power to understand &quot; regional knowledge , knowledge , knowledge , sustainability , sustainability , vision and parachute .

und so wussten wir , dass wenn wir sehen wollten , dass dieses stück metall sich quantenmechanisch verhält , wir die ganzen mitreisenden raus schmeissen mussten .
and so we knew , if we wanted to see this piece of metal behave quantum mechanically , we &apos;re going to have to kick out all the other passengers .
and so we knew that if we wanted to see that piece of metal that quantum mechanical , we had to get all the trajectory out .
and so we knew that if we wanted to see that this piece of metal is all the mechanical mechanical mechanical mechanical , we had to send out all the riots .

wir müssen diese unterhaltungen führen , und wir müssen nachdenken , aber wenn wir in die zeitmaschine steigen und in die zukunft gehen werden wir froh sein , das gemacht zu haben .
we have to have these conversations and we have to think , but when we get in the time machine and we go ahead , we &apos;re going to be happy we do .
we need to have these conversations , and we need to think , but if we go to the time machine and go into the future we &apos;re going to be happy to do that .
we need to lead these conversations , and we need to think , but if we go into the time machine and go into the future , we will be glad to do that .

ein prozess , der sich – wie jeder weiß , der es je versucht hat , etwas zu machen – also in anderen worten : eigentlich jeder hier – nicht immer vernünftig verhält .
a process which , as anybody who has ever tried to make something -- which is to say basically everyone here --- knows does not always behave rationally .
a process that , as everybody knows , who has ever tried to do something -- in other words , in other words , everybody here -- is not always reasonable .
one process that everybody knows how everyone knows it has ever tried to do something -- in other words , everybody here -- not always lifted .

es scheint , als wären wir recht abgelegen von den anderen teilen des baumes des lebens , aber eigentlich zum größten teil , sind die grundlegenden mechanismen unsere zellen ziemlich gleich .
it may seem like we &apos;re quite remote from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , for the most part , the basic machinery of our cells is pretty much the same .
it seems like we were fairly remote from the other parts of life , but actually the biggest part of life , the basic mechanisms are pretty much our cells .
it seems like we were right by the other parts of life , but in fact , the biggest part is the fundamental mechanisms of our cells are quite the same .

und da geben wir uns mühe am medien-campus beispielsweise die virtuelle realität in unserem v.r.-labor darzustellen , dabei können wir das eigentlich die ganze zeit schon .
at the media campus , for example , we are attempting to render virtual reality in our virtual reality laboratory , but we have actually always been capable of this .
and since we &apos;re giving ourselves the mediterror campus , for example , the virtual reality in our v.r.r.r. lab , we can actually do it all the time .
and since we &apos;re going to give us the medieval campus , for example , the virtual reality in our v.r.r. lab , we can actually do that all the time .

es könnte aber auch dazu verwendet werden , die menschen aus ihren stühlen zu kriegen , und sie dazu zu bringen , gemeinsam irgendeine art spiel zu spielen , um ihre gesundheit besser zu kontrollieren .
but on the other hand , it also could be used to get people from out of their chairs and try to work together in some kind of gaming activity to get more control of their health .
but it could also be used to get people out of their chairs , and get them to get them together to play any kind of game to control their health better .
but it could also be used to get people out of their chairs , and to get them to play some kind of game , to control their health better .

alle denken , ich sei zwischen &quot; titanic &quot; und &quot; avatar &quot; davongelaufen und hätte mir irgendwo die nägel auf einem handtuch am strand gefeilt .
people sort of think i went away between &quot; titanic &quot; and &quot; avatar &quot; and was buffing my nails someplace , sitting at the beach .
all of you think that i was between &quot; titanic , &quot; and &quot; avatar , &quot; and i &apos;d have been able to celebrate the harbor somewhere on a tuch on the beach .
everyone , i think it &apos;s &quot; titanic &quot; and &quot; avatar , &quot; and i would have celebrated somewhere on a hand-hand on the beach .

und trotzdem das verbrennen von kohle einer der hauptgründe für die globale erwärmung ist , die bemerkenswert saubere kohletechnologie , die sie hier sehen , ändert alles .
and while burning coal is one of the leading causes of global warming , the remarkable clean coal technology you see here changes everything .
and yet , the burning of coal is one of the main reasons for global warming , which is the remarkable clean coal technology that you see here , is changing everything .
and yet , the burning of coal is one of the main reasons for global warming , the remarkable coal technology that you see here is changing .

aber ich denke , in diesem rahmen hier und mit der absicht , aus einer täuschung etwas echtes zu machen , werde ich die nadel einfach da drin lassen und so von der bühne gehen .
but i think in this context and with the idea of taking something fake and making it into something real , i &apos;m just going to leave it there , and walk off the stage .
but i think , in this frame here , and with the intention , i &apos;m going to make something real , i &apos;m just going to leave the needle in there , and i &apos;m going to go from the stage .
but i think in this framework , and with the intention , from a deception , i &apos;m going to let the needle go in there and go from the stage .

das heißt nicht , dass sie dann wahrscheinlich vier stunden eher nach hause gehen dürfen , sondern ihr arbeitgeber oder irgendjemandem fällt dann schon ein , wie er sie mit den vier stunden entsprechend beschäftigt .
that probably doesn &apos;t mean that you can go home four hours earlier , but that your employer or whoever will think of something else you can do with those four hours .
that doesn &apos;t mean that you &apos;re probably going to go home for four hours , but you &apos;re going to be able to have any work or someone , like you &apos;re going to do with the four hours .
that doesn &apos;t mean that you &apos;re probably going to go home for four hours , but you &apos;re going to get your employer or somebody &apos;s labor , as you &apos;re going to do with the four hours .

und was genau ist mit den kreativen unternehmungen los , dass sie uns unsicher über den gegenseitigen geisteszustand machen – in einer art , wie es andere berufe nicht tun ?
you know , and what is it specifically about creative ventures that seems to make us really nervous about each other &apos;s mental health in a way that other careers kind of don &apos;t do , you know ?
and what about the creative entrepreneurial companies that they make us uncertain about each other &apos;s mental state -- in a way that others don &apos;t do it ?
and what about the creative entrepreneur that they make us unsafe about each other &apos;s mental state -- in a way that others don &apos;t do it ?

ich schlage also vor , wenn ihnen schnell übel wird , dann schauen sie für die nächsten 30 sekunden weg . oder , wissen sie was , ich werde den ersten heiklen teil hier hinten machen .
so , i suggest if you get queasy easy that you look away for about the next 30 -- in fact , you know what , i &apos;ll do the first bad part behind it .
so i propose to you , if you &apos;re fast , you &apos;re going to look for the next 30 seconds , or , you know , what i &apos;m going to do , i &apos;m going to make the first hot part here .
so i &apos;m going to sleep when you get fast , you &apos;re looking for the next 30 seconds , or you know what i &apos;m going to do for the first threshold here .

es wird eine weile dauern , und die leute werden diskutieren , ob sie erlebnis-glück erforschen wollen oder ob sie lebens-bewertung erforschen wollen , also müssen wir diese diskussion ziemlich bald führen .
it &apos;s going to take a while , and people are going to debate whether they want to study experience happiness , or whether they want to study life evaluation , so we need to have that debate fairly soon .
it &apos;s going to take a while , and people are going to discuss whether they want to study experiences or whether they want to explore food , so we need to do this discussion pretty soon .
it &apos;s going to take a while , and people will discuss whether they want to explore an experience of happiness , or whether they want to explore life expectation , so we have to do that pretty soon .

in dem wir ihm einen kleinen schubs gaben , konnten wir es veranlassen zur gleichen zeit zu vibrieren und nicht zu vibrieren -- etwas was nur in der quantenmechanik erlaubt ist .
and by giving it a gentle nudge , we were able to make it both vibrate and not vibrate at the same time -- something that &apos;s only allowed with quantum mechanics .
in which we gave him a little push , we could put it on the same time to vibrating and not vibrating -- something that &apos;s only in quantum mechanics .
in which we gave him a little shoe , we could put it to the same time to vibrate and not to vibrate -- something only allows in the quantum quantum mechanics .

wenn also jemand einhundert millionen kopien meiner visitenkarte möchte , ich habe genügend für jedermann in diesem raum und sogar für jedermann auf dieser welt , und es ist genau hier .
so if anyone would like a hundred million copies of my business card , i have plenty for everyone in the room , and , in fact , everyone in the world , and it &apos;s right here .
so if somebody wants a hundred million copies of my visitation card , i &apos;ve got enough for everybody in this room and even for everybody around the world , and it &apos;s right here .
so if someone wants to take a hundred million copies of my visitation map , i have enough for everyone in this room and even for everyone in this world , and it &apos;s right here .

wenn also die transporttechnologie so schnell wie die mikroprozessor-technologie fortschreiten würde , dann könnten wir übermorgen in ein taxi einsteigen und in 30 sekunden wären wir in tokyo .
so if transportation technology was moving along as fast as microprocessor technology , then the day after tomorrow , i would be able to get in a taxi cab and be in tokyo in 30 seconds .
so if the transportation technology was as fast as the microprocessor technology could continue , we could climb into a taxi , and 30 seconds we would be in tokyo .
so if the transportation technology would make as fast as the microprocessor technology would continue , then we could go into a taxi morning , and we would be in 30 seconds .

um zu beweisen , dass es sich wirklich um einen text und nicht um ein bild handelt , können wir etwas wie das tun , um wirklich zu zeigen , dass diese eine echte repräsentation des texts und kein bild ist .
to prove to you that it &apos;s really text , and not an image , we can do something like so , to really show that this is a real representation of the text ; it &apos;s not a picture .
to prove that it &apos;s really about a text and not a picture , we can do something like that to really show that this is a real representation of texture and not a picture .
to prove that it &apos;s really a text and not a picture , we can do something like this to really show that this is a real presentation of texts and not a picture .

nun , es stellt sich heraus , dass klima nicht sehr wichtig für das erlebende selbst ist , und es ist nicht einmal sehr wichtig für das nachdenkliche selbst , das entscheidet , wie glücklich leute sind .
well , it turns out that climate is not very important to the experiencing self and it &apos;s not even very important to the reflective self that decides how happy people are .
well , it turns out that climate isn &apos;t very important for the living self , and it &apos;s not even very important for the thinking itself , which decides how happy people are .
well , it turns out that climate isn &apos;t very important for the living self , and it &apos;s not even important to think about the afternoon , the decision of how happy people are .

osit osit an sich wird ungefähr fünfzig bis siebzigtausend mal von uns je nach aktivität , also im schlaf hat man festgestellt , dass es dann weniger häufig strapaziert wird als am tag .
osit in itself is used by us fifty to seventy thousand times depending on the activity , it was ascertained that when you sleep it is strained less than in the day .
now , oooooan is about five to seven seventh thousand times after we ever found activity , so you realized that it &apos;s often less likely to be punished as a day .
obesity is going to be about five to seven thousand times a thousand times of us ever in activity , so in the battle that it &apos;s going to be less often pasted than a day .

und wir bitten unsere kollegen auf der ganzen welt , von anderen universitäten , darum , uns dabei zu helfen , sich wie knotenpunkte zu verhalten , um diese aeds auf der ganzen welt zu crowdsourcen .
and &#91; we &apos;re &#93; asking all of our colleagues in the rest of the world , colleague universities , to help us to find and work and act like a hub to crowd-source all these aeds all around the world .
and we &apos;re asking our colleagues all over the world , from other universities , to help us understand how kings are the points to crowdsource these aeds all over the world .
and we &apos;re asking our colleagues all over the world , from other universities , to help us figure out how kesthetical points are to protect these aeds around the world .

als ich also zurückkam , um meinen nächsten film &quot; avatar &quot; zu drehen , versuchte ich denselben führungsstil anzuwenden , nämlich dass man sein team respektiert und sich im gegenzug dessen respekt verdient .
so , when i came back to make my next movie , which was &quot; avatar , &quot; i tried to apply that same principle of leadership , which is that you respect your team , and you earn their respect in return .
so when i came back to turn my next film , &quot; avatar , &quot; i tried to apply the same leading style , which is that you respect his team and respect to the train .
so when i came back to turn my next film , &quot; aavatar , i tried to apply the same leadership , which is that you respect his team and respect to respect in the train .

es ist diese kopf-herz-verbindung , von der ich glaube , dass sie uns antreibt , nicht nur offen zu sein für all die hellen und begeisternden dinge , sondern auch für die dunklen und problematischen .
and it &apos;s that mind-heart connection that i believe compels us to not just be attentive to all the bright and dazzly things , but also the dark and difficult things .
it &apos;s this head-to-heart connection that i believe that it &apos;s not just going to be open to all of the hills and the star things , but also for the dark and the problem .
it &apos;s this chet-heart connection that i think they &apos;re going to make us not just be open to all the harbor and star things , but also for the dark and problematic problems .

aber mit dieser logik , die es einfach nutzt , dass zwei sätze logisch korrekt sind , und einen dritten dazuhängt , der so aussieht , als hätte er etwas damit zu tun , damit können wir unsere lebenslüge retten .
so we act as if it were impossible to live without a soul .
but with this logic that it just uses that two sentences are logically correct , and a third one that looks like he had something to do with it , so that we can save our lifespan .
but with this logic that it just uses two sentences correct correctly , and a third one that looks like it would have something to do so that we can save our lifespan .

eines der dinge , die ich durch den x prize gelernt habe , ist , dass kleine teams , die durch passion und fokus motiviert sind , außergewöhnliche dinge schaffen können , dinge , die große unternehmen und regierungen nur in der vergangenheit schaffen konnten .
the one thing i &apos;ve learned at the x prize is that small teams driven by their passion with a clear focus can do extraordinary things , things that large corporations and governments could only do in the past .
one of the things that i learned through the x prize is that small teams that are motivated by passion and fostered are extraordinary things , things that governments can create and governments only in the past .
one of the things that i learned through the x prize is that little teams that are motivated by passion and passion , are extraordinary things can create , things that were able to create big companies and governments in the past .

wir sollten diese herausfordernden zeiten nicht abwerten oder verleugnen , wir sollten weder versuchen , sie zu vermeiden , noch sollten wir sie unter den teppich kehren , sondern es geht darum , in den widrigkeiten chancen zu erkennen .
so it &apos;s not about devaluing , or negating , these more trying times as something we want to avoid or sweep under the rug , but instead to find those opportunities wrapped in the adversity .
we should not deny that amount of time or deny , we should try to avoid it , nor should we do it under the cardboard , but it &apos;s about recognizing in the vibration of opportunity .
we should not deny these challenging times or denial , we should not try to avoid them , we should be able to reverse them under the carpet , but it &apos;s about to recognize the third chances .

da ist dieser kerl in der i.t. abteilung der stadt honolulu , der gesehen hat , dass er diese app verwenden könnte , nicht für schnee , sondern , damit die bürger tsunami-sirenen adoptieren .
there &apos;s a guy in the i.t. department of the city of honolulu who saw this app and realized that he could use it , not for snow , but to get citizens to adopt tsunami sirens .
there &apos;s this guy in i.t. department of the city of honey , who has seen that he could use this apple app , not for snow , but to adopt the citizens of the tsunami .
there &apos;s this guy in i.t. department of the city of honolulu , who saw that he could use this app , not for snow , but to adopt the tsunami .

und auch ich hab mein denken im lauf der zeit geändert , wenn sie mich im alter von 15 jahren gefragt hätten , ob ich meine prothesen gegen beine aus fleisch und knochen getauscht hätte , dann hätte ich keine sekunde gezögert .
and there &apos;s been a shift in my thinking over time , in that , if you had asked me at 15 years old , if i would have traded prosthetics for flesh-and-bone legs , i wouldn &apos;t have hesitated for a second .
and i also changed my thinking in the course of time , when they asked me at the age of 15 years , whether i had my prosthetic legs and bones , i wouldn &apos;t have been deleted at the moment .
and i also had changed my thinking in the course of time when they asked me at age 15 years of age , whether i had my prosthetic legs out of legs and meat , and then i would have no second time .

viele altertümliche gesellschaften , einschließlich die der griechen und der römer , haben wirklich geglaubt , dass die aussprache eines fluchs eine große kraft hat , weil das , was man laut ausspricht , sich auch manifestieren kann .
in fact , many ancient societies , including the greeks and the romans , believed that to utter a curse verbally was so powerful , because to say the thing out loud brought it into existence .
many ancient societies , including the greeks and the rocks , have really believed that the language of a large force has a big force , because what you &apos;re talking about is manipulating .
a lot of aging societies , including the greeks and the tube and the tube , really believed that the language of a flight has a huge force because what you can talk about is manipulating .

nicht , den klärschlamm noch ein bisschen besser zu verbrennen und ihn damit abzulagern und in der verbrennungsanlage die ganzen materialien für kreisläufe zu verlieren , sondern zuerst mal zu fragen , wie schließt man kreisläufe ?
not burning the biosolids a little more , storing them and losing all the materials for the cycles in the incineration plant , but asking oneself , how do you close cycles ?
not to burn the enlightenment a little bit better than burn it , and to put it in the fuel facility , to lose materials for circles , but first of all , how do you make it happen ?
not to burn a little bit better to burn it and burn it into the fuel facility for circles , but to lose first time , how do you shake circles ?

hast du keine angst , dass du diesem handwerk dein leben lang nachgehst und daraus nie etwas entsteht und dass du auf einem schrotthaufen geplatzter träume sterben wirst – dein mund gefüllt mit der bitteren asche des versagens ? <unk>
aren &apos;t you afraid that you &apos;re going to work your whole life at this craft and nothing &apos;s ever going to come of it and you &apos;re going to die on a scrap heap of broken dreams with your mouth filled with bitter ash of failure ? &quot;
do you have no fear that you have that handle your life long , and it never comes out of it , and you &apos;re going to die on a pink plate dreams -- will your mouth die with the bitter of the car ?
do you have no fear that you live your life for a long time , and you never get something out of it , and you &apos;re going to die on a rocket , you &apos;re going to die of your mouth -- your mouth is filled with the wider .

also das ist der eine effekt . der andere effekt ist , dass selbst wenn wir die lähmung überwinden und eine entscheidung treffen , enden wir weniger zufrieden mit dem ergebnis der auswahl , als , wenn wir die möglichkeit gehabt hätten uns zwischen weniger möglichkeiten zu entscheiden .
so that &apos;s one effect . the second effect is that even if we manage to overcome the paralysis and make a choice , we end up less satisfied with the result of the choice than we would be if we had fewer options to choose from .
so that &apos;s one effect . the other effect is that even if we overcome the paralysis and make a decision , we have less satisfaction with the outcome of choice than if we had the opportunity to choose between less choices .
so this is one effect . the other effect is that even if we overcome the paralysis and make a decision , we make less satisfaction with the outcomes of choice than if we had the opportunity to decide between ourselves .

und die botschaft ist nun , wir müssen auf diese rotierenden massen verzichten , wenn wir sozusagen unsere ziele zwanzig , zwanzig , zwanzig prozent , zwanzig , dreißig , dreißig prozent und so weiter , wenn wir die überhaupt erreichen wollen ,
and so the message is this , we have to make do without these rotating masses , if we actually want to reach our goal of twenty , twenty , twenty percent , twenty , thirty , thirty percent etc .
and the message is , well , we have to reject on these rotates , if we kind of forced our goals , twenty percent , 20 percent , tripled , three , three percent , and so if we want to do the first thing .
and the message is now , we need to be able to put on these rotates , if we look at our goals , 20 percent , 20 percent , 20 percent , 20 percent , three percent , three percent , three percent , and so on , if we want to do it at all .

es war auf einem klavierkursus für musikstudenten bei meinem geliebten alten lehrer , professor jürgen ude , ein bekannter beethoven-spezialist , konzertpianist und langjähriger professor der musikhochschule hier in stuttgart .
it happened at a piano course for music students given by my beloved old teacher professor j<<unk>> gen ude , a well-known beethoven specialist , concert pianist and longstanding professor at the conservatory here in stuttgart .
it was on a piano curriculum for music in my beloved teacher , professor jolds , a known beethoven convenient specialist , and slow professor of music here in high school .
it was on a piano curriculum for my students at my loved old teacher , professor jude , a famous beethoven specialist , concrete concrete professor and longeous professor of music school here in high school .

wenn wir den kunststoff ändern , so dass er in biologische systeme gehen kann , wenn wir die wasserspeicher ändern , drinnen , dass sie eben auf zellulosebasis zurück können , dann können sie mit einem baby in israel oder in tunesien hundertfünfzig bäume pflanzen .
if we change the plastic , so it can go into biological systems , if we change the water tank , inside , so they can go back to a cellulose base , you &apos;ll be able to plant one hundred and fifty trees in israel or tunisia with one baby .
if we change the plastics , so that it can go into biological systems , if we change the water storage , that they can go back to cellulosic base , then they can go back to a baby in israel or in tunisia in hundreds of hundreds of thousands of trees .
if we can change the plastics so that it can go into biological systems , if we change the water stores , that they can go back to cell logic base , then they can go back with a baby in israel , or in tunisia .

aber wenn wir uns diese metabolische karte ansehen , die sehr simpel ist , im vergleich zu unserer . vertrauen sie mir , das ist simpel . aber wenn wir uns alle diese gene ansehen die wir eines nach dem anderen eliminieren können ist es sehr unwahrscheinlich dass dies zu einer lebenden zelle führen würde .
when we look at its metabolic map , it &apos;s relatively simple compared to ours -- trust me , this is simple -- but when we look at all the genes that we can knock out one at a time , it &apos;s very unlikely that this would yield a living cell .
but if we look at these metabolic card card , which is very simple , compared to our trust , and i think it &apos;s simple , but if we look at all the genes that we can get after the other , it &apos;s very unlikely to lead to a living cell .
but if we look at this metabolic map , it &apos;s very simple to be compared to our trust . it &apos;s me , it &apos;s simky , but if we all look at this genes that we can look at one another after another , it &apos;s very unlikely that this would lead to a living cell .

nun , was man mit patient a machen könnte , und wir haben tatsächlich klinische experimente durchgeführt , und es ist gemacht worden , und es funktioniert , man könnte eigentlich die darmspiegelung von patient a verlängern indem man einfach den schlauch drin lässt ohne zu sehr an ihm zu rütteln .
now , what you could do with patient a , and we actually ran clinical experiments , and it has been done , and it does work -- you could actually extend the colonoscopy of patient a by just keeping the tube in without jiggling it too much .
now , what you could do with a patient , and we actually did clinical trials , and it &apos;s been done , and it &apos;s been done , and it &apos;s been done , you know , you could actually make the reflection of a length by just letting the end up with no adds .
now , what you could do with patient , and we actually did clinical experiments , and it &apos;s been done , and it &apos;s been worked , and it works , you could actually reduce the reflection of the patient &apos;s reflection by just by just going to be able to put it in a very clothes .

wir haben nicht die situation , wie es zum beispiel im iran der fall ist , wo ein mann , der sich sexuell zu anderen männern hingezogen fühlt , mit dem tod bestraft wird , es sei denn er ist bereit sich einer geschlechtsumwandlung zu unterziehen , in welchem fall er am leben bleiben darf .
we don &apos;t have a situation that iran has , for example , where a man who &apos;s sexually attracted to other men is liable to be murdered , unless he &apos;s willing to submit to a sex change , in which case he &apos;s allowed to live .
we don &apos;t have the situation , like the case of iran , in the case of iran , where a man who feels sexually too sexually open to other men , with death , it &apos;s going to be ready , because he &apos;s ready to move to a gender environment where he can stay alive .
we don &apos;t have the situation like it &apos;s in iran , for example , where a man who feels sexually carried to other men with death , because it &apos;s ready to move on a gender force in which he could stay alive .

aber tatsächlich hatte man darüber schon lange nachgedacht , aber man konnte nie vernünftig simulieren , ob es funktionieren würde , doch seitdem es moderne supercomputer gibt , kann man es simulieren und sehen , dass : ja ! mit der richtigen materialienherangehensweise , sieht es so aus , dass es funktioniere .
in fact , people had talked about it for a long time , but they could never simulate properly whether it would work or not , and so it &apos;s through the advent of modern supercomputers that now you can simulate and see that , yes , with the right material &apos;s approach , this looks like it would work .
but in fact , you &apos;ve been thinking about it for a long time , but you could never simulate any reasonable simulations , whether it &apos;s going to work , but there are modern computer computers , you can simulate it , and you can see that , yes , with the real material technology , it looks like it &apos;s functional .
but in fact , you &apos;ve been thinking about it for a long time , but you could never simulate whether it was going to work , but since there &apos;s a modern computer , you can see it , you can simulate it , and you can see that , yes , with the right material approach , it looks like this .

in diesem bild , ich habe einen busch als ein zentrum der verzweigungen in alle richtungen gelegt , denn wenn man sich die rändern des baum des lebens anschaut , alle existierenden spezien an den spitzen dieser zweige haben in evolutionären begriffen erfolg gehabt : sie haben überlebt ; es hat seiner umgebung fitness und stärke demonstriert .
in this picture , i &apos;ve put a bush with a center branching out in all directions , because if you look at the edges of the tree of life , every existing species at the tips of those branches has succeeded in evolutionary terms : it has survived ; it has demonstrated a fitness to its environment .
so in this picture , i have a bus as a center of desperation in all directions , because if you look at the way of life , all the specialists in the way that these two branches have succeeded in evolutionary success : they &apos;ve survived ; it &apos;s got its environment and demonstrates .
in this picture , i put a bus as a center of a despair of desperation in all the directions , because if you look at the rings of the tree of life , all the existing specialized in the two terms of the evolutionary terms of the evolutionary success , you &apos;ve survived it ; it has a fitter of his environment .

und wenn sie einen anderen urlaub wählen würden , gibt es einen konflikt zwischen ihren beiden arten des selbst und sie müssen darüber nachdenken , wie sie diesen konflikt entscheiden und das ist wirklich überhaupt nicht offensichtlich , denn wenn sie im sinne von zeit denken bekommen sie eine antwort . und wenn sie im sinne von erinnerungen denken könnten sie eine andere antwort bekommen .
and if you would choose a different vacation , there is a conflict between your two selves , and you need to think about how to adjudicate that conflict , and it &apos;s actually not at all obvious , because if you think in terms of time , then you get one answer , and if you think in terms of memories , you might get another answer .
and if you were to choose another vacation , there &apos;s a conflict between your two types of self , and you have to think about how you &apos;re going to decide that conflict , and it &apos;s not really obvious , because if you think about it at the time , and if you &apos;re going to have an answer , and if you think about it in the sense of memories you could get another answer .
and if you &apos;re going to choose another speaker , and if you &apos;re going to choose another speaker , there &apos;s a conflict between the two types of self and you have to think about how you decide how you decide this conflict , and it &apos;s really not obvious , because , obviously , if you get a sense of time , and if you get an answer . and if you think of memory , you could get another answer .

es ist eigentlich dasjenige , das entscheidungen trifft , denn wenn sie einen patienten haben , der , sagen wir zwei darmspiegelungen bei zwei unterschiedlichen chirurgen hatte und sich entscheidet , welchen er wählen soll , dann ist der , der wählt der , der die erinnerung hat , die weniger schlimm ist und das ist der chirurg , der ausgewählt werden wird .
it is actually the one that makes decisions because , if you have a patient who has had , say , two colonoscopies with two different surgeons and is deciding which of them to choose , then the one that chooses is the one that has the memory that is less bad , and that &apos;s the surgeon that will be chosen .
it &apos;s actually the kind of force that makes decisions , because if you have a patient who &apos;s going to say we had two reflections in two different surgeries and decides what to choose , then the one who has the memory , the memory has less , and that &apos;s the surgeon that &apos;s chosen , the surgeon will be chosen .
it &apos;s actually a way of making decisions , because if you have a patient who has two mirrors in two different surfaces , and he &apos;s supposed to choose what he &apos;s supposed to choose , the memory that &apos;s the memory that &apos;s less likely to be chosen , and that &apos;s the surgeon .

diese leute sind online zu reichtum gekommen , aber sie haben es illegal erworben , indem sie z.b. trojaner eingesetzt haben , um geld aus unseren bankkonten zu klauen , während wir unser online-banking erledigen , oder auch keylogger , die unsere kredikarteninformationen bei der eingabe über die tastatur gesammelt haben , während wir über einen infizierten computer online einkaufen .
these guys make their fortunes online , but they make it through the illegal means of using things like banking trojans to steal money from our bank accounts while we do online banking , or with keyloggers to collect our credit card information while we are doing online shopping from an infected computer .
so these people have come online to come online , but they &apos;ve made it illegal because they have used janitors , for example , to make money out of our bank account , while we make our online banking , or keylog , the information that has collected the information on the keyboard as we have a computer online about a computer online .
these people have come online to travel online , but they &apos;ve been doing it illegal by using janjones to make money from our bank , while we &apos;re doing our online banking banks , or also the keyboxes , the logic information that we &apos;ve collected about the information that we &apos;ve used to have online with a computer online .

die jungen akolythen werden im alter von drei und vier jahren von ihren familien getrennt und in einer schattenhaften welt der finsternis , in steinhütten am fuße der gletscher für 18 jahre abgeschottet . zwei zeiträume von jeweils neun jahren , absichtlich gewählt , um die neun monate der schwangerschaft nachzuahmen , die sie im schoß ihrer leiblichen mutter verbrachten , verbringen sie nun metamorphorisch im schoß der großen mutter .
the young acolytes are taken away from their families at the age of three and four , sequestered in a shadowy world of darkness in stone huts at the base of glaciers for 18 years : two nine-year periods deliberately chosen to mimic the nine months of gestation they spend in their natural mother &apos;s womb ; now they are metaphorically in the womb of the great mother .
twenty-two years are separated by the age of three and four families separated from their families , and in a holistic world of starvation , stone shops on the hunt for 18 years , two periodic dreams of nine years , and nine years later , the age of nine years old , are recovered by nine months by the age of nine months , the pregnancy of the pregnancy that they &apos;re shooting out of their mother &apos;s shocked , they &apos;re now in the great mother &apos;s etresy .
in the age of three years , four years of their families are separated by four years and four years of their families and family were separated in a formula world , and in a formula , in the stone hills of the stone hills for 18 years . nine years , nine years , the nine months of the shooting , the shooting that they spend in the mother of their mother &apos;s mother &apos;s ubiquest , and they &apos;re going to be replaced in the great mother &apos;s mother &apos;s mother &apos;s mother &apos;s .

