wow !
whoa !
wow !
wow !

60.000 .
60,000 .
60,000 .
60,000 .

danke .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

ja . okay .
yeah . okay .
yeah . okay .
yes . okay .

haben sie vielen dank .
thanks so much .
thank you very much .
thank you very much .

klingt das gut ?
does that sound good ?
sounds good ?
sounds good ?

danke ihnen vielmals .
thank you very much .
thank you very much .
thank you very much .

ich war erstaunt .
i was amazed .
i was amazed .
i was amazed .

ich dachte darüber nach .
and i thought about that .
i thought about it .
i thought about it .

es gibt kein futter .
there is no feed .
there &apos;s no food .
there &apos;s no leaves .

was wollen sie tun ?
what do you want to do ? &quot;
what do you want to do ?
what do you want to do ?

ich erschuf eins .
so i made one .
i created one .
i created one .

nur weiter . viel spaß .
keep going . have fun .
just go on . a lot of fun .
just further . much fun .

ich mag diese frage nicht .
i don &apos;t love that question .
i don &apos;t like that question .
i don &apos;t like this question .

warum nicht so darüber denken ?
why not think about it this way ?
why not think that way ?
why not think about that ?

ich wuchs in indien auf .
and i grew up in india .
i grew up in india .
i grew up in india .

so sah die grafik aus .
this is a chart of what it looked like .
this is what the chart looked like .
this is what the graphics looked like .

wer ist am erfolgreichsten ?
who does the very best ?
who &apos;s most successful ?
who &apos;s the most successful ?

&quot; ja &quot; , sagte er .
&quot; yes , &quot; he said .
&quot; yes , &quot; he said .
&quot; yes , &quot; he said .

erzählen sie mir von dieser welt .
tell me about this world .
tell me about this world .
tell me about this world .

sie können diese wolke haben .
so you can have this cloud .
you can have these cloud .
you can have these clouds .

ich koche fast nie damit .
i almost never cook with it .
i &apos;ll almost never do it with it .
i almost never cook with that .

und damit sind wir zu viele .
and so there are too many of us .
and so we &apos;re too many .
and so we &apos;re too many .

die kreativität musste halt irgendwie raus .
that was -- the creativity had to find its outlet somehow .
the creativity had to somehow go out .
creativity had to kind of go out .

das ist etwa fünf meter lang .
that &apos;s about a 15-foot boat .
this is about five feet long .
that &apos;s about five feet long .

das ist völlig belanglos .
it &apos;s entirely insignificant .
that &apos;s totally incorporous .
this is completely belongs .

das ist ein kinderspiel , oder ?
that &apos;s easy , huh ?
this is a car game , right ?
this is a child game , right ?

fünf millionen menschen benutzen es jeden monat .
five million people use it every month .
five million people use it every month .
five million people use it every month .

ich finde sie abscheulich .
i think it &apos;s odious .
i find them off .
i think they &apos;re abandoned .

nun , das ist nicht ganz richtig ;
well , that &apos;s not quite right .
well , that &apos;s not quite right .
well , that &apos;s not quite right .

es macht leukämie bei kindern .
it causes leukemia in children .
it makes shareholder in children .
it makes globe in kids .

und das brachte mich so durcheinander ...
and it just disturbed me so much .
and that brought me through like this .
and that brought me through each other .

die ergänzen sich sehr gut .
those are juxtaposed very nicely together .
they &apos;re very good at each other .
it &apos;s very good .

dies hier sind die apsaras .
over here , these are the apsaras .
this is the apple saras .
these are the apas saras .

machen wir eine kleine zwischenbilanz .
bruce brown , a famous design researcher at brighton university , went so far as to say that mass media and he means books and images , not tv , the internet etc. which is what we would define as mass media today that these mass media have turned our memories to stone and have eroded our ability to virtualise .
let &apos;s do a little interpension .
let &apos;s do a little bit of a little bit .

sie sind die heimatländer von jemandem .
they &apos;re homelands of somebody .
they &apos;re the healing countries of somebody .
they &apos;re the healthier countries of somebody .

wie würdet ihr eure marke beschreiben ?
how would you guys describe your brand ?
how would you describe your brand ?
how would you describe your brand ?

wir können sie unterstützen , gut zu sein .
we can support them in doing good .
we can support them to be good .
we can support them to be good .

ich bin ein mensch . ich mache fehler .
i &apos;m human . i make mistakes .
i &apos;m a person . i &apos;m making mistakes .
i &apos;m a human . i make mistakes .

das ist also der grund für dieses projekt .
so that was the reason for the project .
so this is the reason for this project .
so this is the reason for this project .

der typ in der mitte nicht so sehr .
that guy in the middle , not so much .
the guy in the middle is not that much .
the guy in the middle is not so much .

als künstler ist mir der zusammenhang sehr wichtig .
as an artist , connection is very important to me .
as an artist , it &apos;s very important to me .
as an artist , i &apos;m very important .

nun , wer ist bereit für diese reise .
now who &apos;s ready to go on this trip .
now , who &apos;s ready for this journey .
well , who &apos;s ready for this journey .

also , er befindet sich hier . genau .
so , it goes like this , from here , right .
so , he &apos;s here . right there .
so , he &apos;s here . right .

meine mutter rief mich ein paar minuten danach an .
my mother phoned minutes later .
my mother called me a few minutes after that .
my mother called me a few minutes after that .

ihr problem ist , dass sie zu wenig haben .
their problem is that they have too little .
your problem is that you have too little .
your problem is that you have too little .

ich habe versucht , den körper zu bewahren .
i was trying to preserve the body .
i tried to preserve the body .
i &apos;ve tried to preserve the body .

sie können direkt zu einer bestimmten ausgabe springen .
you can jump right into a specific issue .
you can jump directly to a particular copy .
you can jump directly to a certain copy .

nun , dieser cartoon macht einige aussagen .
now this cartoon makes a lot of points .
now , this cartoon makes some say .
well , this cartoon makes some exceptions .

dies wäre jemand , der komplett intuitiv ist .
this would be someone who &apos;s entirely intuitive .
this would be somebody who &apos;s completely intuitive .
this would be somebody who &apos;s completely intuitive .

tun wir so als hätten wir hier eine maschine ,
let &apos;s pretend right here we have a machine .
if we did that , we would have a machine here .
let &apos;s do this as we have a machine here .

und es gibt auch einen sehr guten grund dafür .
and there &apos;s a very good reason for that .
and there &apos;s also a very good reason for that .
and there &apos;s also a very good reason for that .

keine wollte etwas mit dem film zu tun haben .
none of them wanted anything to do with this movie .
no one wanted to do something about the film .
no one wanted to do with the film .

nun werde ich ihnen meine liebste funktion zeigen .
i &apos;m going to show you my other favorite feature .
now i &apos;m going to show you my favorite function .
now i &apos;m going to show you my favorite function .

es war viel los und ich in eile .
it was busy , i was in a bit of a hurry .
it was a lot of time , and i was in iron .
it was much less and i was in eggs .

und das ist , was diese marken getan haben ,
and that &apos;s what these brands did .
and that &apos;s what these brands have done .
and that &apos;s what these marks have done .

wir haben verstanden , dass das wetter global ist .
we &apos;ve understood that weather is global .
we understood that the weather is global .
we understood that the weather is global .

tatsache ist , kohle ist nicht dreckig .
the fact is , coal isn &apos;t dirty .
in fact , coal is not dirty .
the fact is , kocoal is not dirty .

ich erinnere mich noch daran als ob es gestern war .
and i remember this just like it happened yesterday .
i remember it as though it was yesterday .
i remember it was yesterday .

vermutlich kennen viele von ihnen hier im saal diesen trick .
probably many of you in the room know this trick .
probably many of you know this trick here in the room .
probably a lot of you know here in the room this trick .

das ganze ist ein spiel , muss ich dazu sagen .
the whole thing is a game , i must add .
the whole thing is a game , i have to say that .
the whole thing is a game , i have to say .

wie genau werden wir also ban in dem film sehen ?
so how specifically will we see ban in the film ?
so what are we going to see in the movie ?
so how are we going to see the film in the movie ?

vom vogt-zeitalter zum zum maschinenzeitalter .
let &apos;s make a short provisional appraisal .
from the bird age to machine age .
from the bird age to machine age .

im moment befinden wir uns weit entfernt von diesem ziel .
now we &apos;re a long way away from that goal right now .
right now , we &apos;re far away from this goal .
right now , we &apos;re far away from this goal .

wahrscheinlich muss eine dieser zahlen sehr nah an null kommen .
probably , one of these numbers is going to have to get pretty near to zero .
probably , one of these numbers have to come very close to zero .
probably one of those numbers has to come very close to zero .

die logik macht keine aussagen über die realität .
i can say , the german chancellor is a man .
the logic doesn &apos;t say anything about reality .
the logic doesn &apos;t say about reality .

stellen sie sich dann nur zwei andere kleine änderungen vor .
imagine then just two other little changes .
so just imagine two other little changes .
so imagine only two other small changes .

wir beginnen also mit einem windows-dropper .
so we start with a windows dropper .
so we &apos;re starting with a wind-looking drum .
so we &apos;re starting to start with a wind drugs .

ich sagte , &quot; bitte flieg in die luft . &quot;
i &apos;m saying , &quot; please blow up . &quot;
i said , &quot; please fly into the air . &quot;
i said , &quot; please fly into the air . &quot;

kindersterblichkeit hat sich um ein zehntel verringert .
childhood mortality has come down a factor of 10 .
child mortality has reduced a tenth .
child mortality has a tenth of a 10th .

der großvater dieses alten mannes weigerte sich .
this old man &apos;s grandfather refused to go .
the grandfather of this old man refused .
the grandfather of this old man refused .

sie liegen in den vereinigten staaten , in europa und japan .
they &apos;re in the united states and europe and in japan .
they &apos;re in the united states , in europe and japan .
they &apos;re in the united states , in europe and japan .

er stahl jedes fünkchen hoffnung aus meinem bewusstsein .
he robbed every ounce of hope from my being .
he gives up every fifth hope from my mind .
he stays every fifth hope from my consciousness .

der nächste schritt war , die apps dafür zu finden .
the next step we took was to find the applications for it .
the next step was to find the apps for this .
the next step was to find the apps for it .

ich wusste nicht , wie man das besteck verwendet .
i didn &apos;t know how to use the cutlery .
i didn &apos;t know how to use the brick .
i didn &apos;t know how to use it .

das sind räume , die intelligent auf einen menschen reagieren können .
those are spaces that are able to react to a human intelligently .
these are spaces that can respond to a human being .
these are spaces that can respond to a people .

passiert ist das das so gennante maschinenzeitalter .
what happened is the the so-called machine age .
this is what &apos;s going on with the genetic machine .
this is what this is happening as nanotted machine age .

sie verlangsamt sich für keines unserer großen probleme .
it doesn &apos;t slow for any of our grand challenges .
it slows down to one of our big problems .
they slow down to one of our big problems .

also gehe ich einen schritt zurück und erweitere die sichtweise .
so i can step back , and expand on that .
so i go back to a step , and i get another view of it .
so i go back to one step , and i get another view .

er hat ja nur neununddreißig jahre gelebt .
he only lived until the age of thirty-nine .
he just lived in nine-and-a-half years .
he &apos;s only lived in neanderthal years .

es ist auch meine große , lebenslange liebe und faszination .
it is also my great lifelong love and fascination .
it &apos;s also my big , life-long love and fascination .
it &apos;s also my big , life-long love and fascination .

wenn ein nachbar dem anderen hilft , stärken wir unsere gemeinden .
when one neighbor helps another , we strengthen our communities .
if a neighbor helps the other , we strengthen our communities .
if one is able to help the other , we strengthen our communities .

und ja , ich habe eine aufgabe , wie sie vielleicht erkennen .
and yes , i &apos;ve got a challenge , as you might see .
and yes , i have a job , as you might recognize .
and yes , i have a task , as you might recognize .

ich bin nicht gut genug , ich schaffe es nicht . <unk>
i &apos;m not good enough , and i can &apos;t do it . &quot;
i &apos;m not good enough , i &apos;m not doing it .
i &apos;m not good enough , i don &apos;t know .

ein sehr konkreter wunsch , dass wir diese technologie erfinden .
it &apos;s a very concrete wish that we invent this technology .
a very concrete wish that we invent this technology .
a very concrete wish that we invent this technology .

so wurde aus demselben , schlechten team eines unter den besten .
so the same team went from being the very worst to being among the very best .
this is how it became the same , bad team of one under the best .
this is the same , bad team under the best .

es hat sich also nichts verändert , und doch hat sich alles verändert .
so nothing has changed , but everything has changed .
so it has nothing changed , and yet everything has changed .
so it has nothing changed , and yet everything has changed .

&quot; 2.5 zu eins was ? was füttert ihr ? &quot;
&quot; 2.5 what ? what are you feeding ? &quot;
&quot; 2.5 to one thing ? what do you feed ? &quot;
&quot; 2.5 to one ? what do you feed ? &quot;

es hat augenblicke des erlebens , einen nach dem anderen .
it has moments of experience , one after the other .
it has moments of life , one after the other .
it has the eye of life , one after the other .

würden sie es nicht wollen , diese veränderungen in ihren genen zu machen ?
wouldn &apos;t you want to make those changes in your genes ?
wouldn &apos;t you want to make these changes in your genes ?
wouldn &apos;t you want to make these changes in your genes ?

er ragt etwa 120 fuß aus dem wasser , oder 40 meter .
it &apos;s about 120 feet above the water , or 40 meters .
it &apos;s about 120 feet from the water , or 40 meters .
it rains about 120 feet from the water , or 40 meters .

wenn das museum uns das bild gegeben hat , klicken sie darauf .
if the museum has given us the image , you click on it .
when the museum gave us the picture , they click on it .
if the museum gave us the picture , they click on it .

es ist doch eine recht verblüffende erfindung wenn man darüber nachdenkt .
it &apos;s really a pretty amazing invention if you think about it .
it &apos;s a pretty amazing invention if you think about it .
it &apos;s an amazing invention when you think about it .

vielleicht ist dies eine künstliche art , ein e-buch zu lesen .
maybe this is a kind of an artificial way to read an e-book .
maybe this is an artificial way to read a book .
maybe this is an artificial way to read a book .

wir alle müssen letzten endes dinge glauben , die wir nicht sehen können .
you know ultimately , we all have to believe things we haven &apos;t seen .
we all have to believe things that we can &apos;t see .
we all need to think of things that we can &apos;t see .

bonobos sind zusammen mit schimpansen unsere nächsten lebenden verwandten .
bonobos are , together with chimpanzees , your living closest relative .
bonobos are related to chimpanzees with our next living relatives .
bonobos are together with chimpanzees with our next living relatives .

also hab ich mich damit beschäftigt , wann ist was natürlich oder intuitiv .
so i looked into when things are natural and intuitive .
so i was busy with that when , of course , what is intuitive or intuitive .
so i &apos;ve been busy about when , of course , what &apos;s intuitive or intuitive .

hier vergrößere ich es etwas . wir schauen genau hier ins zentrum .
and here i &apos;ll zoom in a little bit . we &apos;re looking right there in the center .
here &apos;s what i &apos;m doing . we &apos;re looking at exactly the center here .
here &apos;s what i do . we look at right here in the center .

drehte die mülltonne auf die seite . ging nach hause .
turned trashcan on its side . walked home .
turn the trunks on the side , went home .
it turned out the trash of the page . went home .

da kam , meiner meinung nach , ein ganz guter code zustande .
then , in my opinion , a really good code was created .
there was , in my opinion , a very good code .
and i think there was a very good code .

es sind die erneuerbaren energien , wie sie oft genannt werden .
these are what people often refer to as the renewable sources .
it &apos;s the renewables , as they &apos;re often called .
it &apos;s the renewable energy as they &apos;re often called .

nun , in dieser nacht , gingen alle ins zentrum um zu feiern .
well , that night , everybody went to celebrate in the center .
well , in that night , everybody went to the center to celebrate .
now , in this night , everybody went to celebrate to celebrate .

ein kind in indien sagt : &quot; heute habe ich einen affen gesehen . &quot;
a child in india says , &quot; i saw a monkey today . &quot;
a child in india says , &quot; today , i &apos;ve seen a monkey . &quot;
a child in india says , &quot; i &apos;ve seen a monkeys today . &quot;

das ist der zeitraum der meisten wahrnehmungen , die wir haben .
that &apos;s the period of time it takes to form most perceptions we have .
this is the time that most perceptual perceptions we have .
this is the period of most perceptions that we have .

die leute sagten : <unk> hast du keine angst , niemals erfolg zu haben ?
and people would say , &quot; aren &apos;t you afraid you &apos;re never going to have any success ?
people said , don &apos;t you have fear to have success ?
people said , &quot; do you have no fear to have success ?

aber wie wäre es , wenn das bild sie mit all ihren bildern verknüpft ?
now , what if that picture links to all of your pictures ?
but how would it be if you connect the picture with all your images ?
but how would it be if the picture is connected to all of your images ?

bruno guissani : mark , mark , komm zurück .
mark , mark , come back .
bruno guisi : mark , mark , come back , come back .
bruno guisi : mark , mark , come back , come back .

meine großmutter saß am ende des zimmers und starrte mich an .
and my grandmother was sitting across the room staring at me .
my grandmother was sitting at the end of the room and staring at me .
my grandmother was sitting at the end of the immune and staring me .

und der vorschlag war , viele weitere kohlefabriken zu bauen .
and the proposal has been to build a lot more coal plants .
and the proposal was to build many more coal factories .
and the proposal was to build lots of other colets .

ob die musik ihnen zu gepfeffert oder zu süß ist .
whether the music is too peppery or sweet for your taste .
whether the music is fed to you or to cute .
whether the music is too pissed or sweet .

dieses geschäft , es war fast so wie ein vergnügungspark .
now this store , it was almost like going to an amusement park .
this business , it was almost like a pleasure savings .
this business , it was almost like a pleasure savings .

wir denken , dass wir in der realität nicht so gut sind wie in spielen .
we feel that we are not as good in reality as we are in games .
we think we &apos;re not as good as play in reality .
we think that we &apos;re not as good as playing in reality .

es geht also eher darum , eine idee einzufangen , als wirklich einen moment .
so it &apos;s more about capturing an idea than about capturing a moment really .
so it &apos;s more like starting to start a idea than really a moment .
so it &apos;s more likely to start with an idea as really a moment .

so können wir nun springen und einen blick auf alle ted prize gewinner werfen .
so we can go , jump , and take a look at all the ted prize winners .
this is how we can jump and take a look at all the ted prize winning .
so we can jump and look at all the ted profits .

es geht nicht darum , gene herumzuschieben . es geht nicht um chemikalien .
this is about moving genes around . it &apos;s not about chemicals .
it &apos;s not about shooting around , it &apos;s not about chemicals .
it &apos;s not about changing genes . it &apos;s not about chemicals .

wir haben zwei wesen , beide mitte 1979 am genau gleichen tag gezeugt .
we have two beings , both conceived in the middle of 1979 on the exact same day .
we have two creatures , both in 1979 on the same day .
we have two creatures , both in 1979 , at the same time .

haufenweise studien sollten durchgeführt werden ; das ist eine ernste angelegenheit .
tons of studies should have been done ; it &apos;s a serious issue .
we should be asked to do research , which is a serious issue .
well , looking at studies should be done ; that &apos;s a serious opportunity .

das bedeutete , dass er während der chinesischen invasion sofort umgebracht wurde .
that meant he was instantly killed at the time of the chinese invasion .
that meant that he was installed during the chinese invasion immediately .
that meant that he was installed during the chinese invasion immediately .

er hat gerade mit ein paar anderen leuten einen rotavirus-impfstoff entwickelt .
he just developed a rotavirus vaccine with a bunch of other people .
he &apos;s just developed a few other people with a novel vaccine vaccine .
he just developed some other people with a roviral vaccine vaccine .

vor ihm steht ein wunderschön spärlich bekleidetes showgirl .
standing before him is a gorgeous , scantily clad showgirl .
it &apos;s a gorgeous clothed dress .
he &apos;s a beautiful threshold in front of him .

welche drehbücher hättet ihr schreiben können , in denen sowas drinsteht ?
what scripts could you have written that would have contained this in it ?
what is the scripted books that you can write , in which that &apos;s what it says ?
what dirty books can you write in which this is something like this ?

lichter , töne , solarelemente , motoren -- alles sollte verfügbar sein .
lights , sounds , solar panels , motors -- everything should be accessible .
lights , sound , solar elements , motors -- everything should be available .
lights , daughters , solar elements , motors -- everything should be available .

wir sind also dabei , herauszufinden , wie man es besser , schneller und stärker macht .
so we &apos;re in the process of trying to figure out how to make it better , faster , stronger .
so we &apos;re about trying to figure out how to do it better , faster and stronger .
so we &apos;re trying to figure out how to do it better , faster and stronger .

nun , all unsere objekte , unsere umwelt , fangen an , zu uns zurück zu sprechen .
well our objects , our environment is starting to talk back to us .
now , all of our objects , our environment , start to speak back to us .
well , all of our objects , our environment , start to talk back to us .

ich sagte : » ich will nicht . macht ihr nur . macht ihr nur . «
i said , &quot; no , i don &apos;t feel right about that . y &apos;all go ahead . y &apos;all go ahead . &quot;
i said , &quot; i don &apos;t want to . you &apos;re just doing it . you &apos;re just doing it . &quot;
i said , &quot; i don &apos;t want to . it &apos;s just your power . your power only does . &quot;

wir können widrigkeiten eine neue bedeutung geben , die über schwere zeiten hinaus geht .
we can re-imagine adversity as something more than just tough times .
we can make a new meaning that goes beyond severe times .
we can give a new significance that goes beyond severe times .

das spinning reserve hat mindestens zehn sekunden , um das netz stabil zu halten .
the spinning reserve has at least ten seconds to keep the network stable .
the spit has at least 10 seconds to keep the grid stable .
the oil reserve has at least 10 seconds to keep the web stable .

wir müssen wege finden. uns diesen herausforderungen zu stellen : diesen problemen , diesem leid .
we need to find ways to embrace these challenges , these problems , the suffering .
we need to make ways of thinking . let &apos;s face these challenges : these problems , this suffering .
we need to be able to find ways to ask these challenges : these problems , this suffering .

das braune ist sozusagen das konventionelle system , das grüne ist unser system .
the brown bit is the conventional system so to speak , the green bit is our system .
the brown is kind of like the conventional system , the green system is our system .
the brown is sort of the conventional system , the green system is our system .

&quot; das ist wunderbar &quot; , sagt george , &quot; ich werde die suppe nehmen . &quot;
&quot; that &apos;s fine , &quot; says george , &quot; i &apos;ll take the soup . &quot;
&quot; that &apos;s wonderful , &quot; says george , &quot; i &apos;m going to take the soup . &quot;
&quot; this is wonderful , &quot; says george , &quot; i &apos;ll take the soup . &quot;

und diese nächsten schritte , wie elektronik , scheinen nur wenige jahrzehnte zu dauern .
and these next steps , like electronics , seem to be taking only a few decades .
and these next steps , like electronics , seem to be just a few decades of regret .
and these next steps , like electronics , seem to only take a few decades .

niemand wusste , wo der nächste lebensrettende aed in diesem moment zu finden war .
nobody knew where the nearest life-saving aed was to be obtained right now .
nobody knew where the next life-saving aed in this moment was .
nobody knew where the next saving was at this moment .

letzten monat meldeten forscher , dass der gesamte kontinent nun eine negative eisbilanz hat .
last month scientists reported the entire continent is now in negative ice balance .
last month , researchers reported that the entire continent has now has a negative polar image .
last month , researchers found that the entire continent now has a negative iceland .

und tatsächlich sind dieses falschen eingehenden daten von stuxnet vorher schon aufgenommen .
and as a matter of fact , this fake input data is actually prerecorded by stuxnet .
and in fact , this false data is recorded from stuffy data before .
and in fact , this false data has already taken out of steps before .

was nathaniel anging , so brachte ihn die musik zurück in eine gemeinschaft von freunden .
and for nathaniel , music brought him back into a fold of friends .
what nathaniel lawyers did , so the music brought him back into a community of friends .
what nathaniel went , so he brought him back into a community of friends .

eine große maschine , eine coole , ted-artige maschine , und das ist eine zeitmaschine .
a big machine , a cool , ted-ish machine , and it &apos;s a time machine .
a big machine , a cool one , ted machine , and this is a time machine .
a big machine , a cool machine , ted machine , and this is a time machine .

also müssen wir uns keine sorgen machen , dass andere ziele von stuxnet getroffen werden könnten .
so we don &apos;t have to worry that other targets might be hit by stuxnet .
so we don &apos;t have to worry about that other goals could be met .
so we don &apos;t have to worry that other goals could be met by steps .

und man muss wirklich ziemlich zäh bleiben dabei , aber ich denke , dass dass es geht .
and you really have to stay pretty firm while doing so , but i think it &apos;s it &apos;s possible .
and you really have to stay pretty teeth , but i think it &apos;s about it .
and you really have to stay pretty , but i think it &apos;s going to be .

sie mögen fragen : warum würde jemand tatsächlich zeit investieren eine marshmallow-challenge zu kreieren ?
so , you might ask : why would anyone actually spend time writing a marshmallow challenge ?
you might ask , why would somebody actually invest a marshmallow in the world ?
you like , why would somebody actually invest a marshmale ?

seine neue masche ist jetzt : &quot; warum wird die forschung nicht mehr besprochen ? &quot;
his shtick now is , &quot; why isn &apos;t the r &amp; amp ; d getting more discussed ? &quot;
his new corn is , &quot; why isn &apos;t the research more ? &quot;
his new magician is now , &quot; why is the research not going to promote the research anymore ? &quot;

aber wenn so etwas wie hier passiert , dann ändert dies die qualitativen umstände .
but when something like this happens , things are qualitatively changing .
but if there &apos;s something like this , this changes the qualitative conditions .
but when something happens like this , this changes the qualitative circumstances .

und was erst , wenn man sehen will wie van gogh dieses meisterwerk denn erschaffen hat ?
and what if you want to see how van gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
and what do you want to see if you want to see van van gogh &apos;s masterpiece of this masterpiece ?
and what if you want to see van gogh this masterpiece of work ?

und er nannte diesen teil seines kurses den x faktor , das potenzial des menschlichen willens .
and he called this part of the course the x factor , the potential of the human will .
and he called this part of his cursor , the potential of the human welfare .
and he called this part of his curriculum , the potential of the human being .

und wenn sie sagen , &quot; wenn sie ich wären , doktor , was würden sie tun ? &quot;
and you say , &quot; if you were me , doc , what would you do ? &quot;
and if you say , &quot; if you were me , doctor , what would you do ? &quot;
and if you say , &quot; if you were , doctor , what would you do ? &quot;

als ich dann reiste , und diese museen zu besuchen , begann ich eine menge zu lernen .
and so when i started traveling and going to these museums , i started learning a lot .
when i went to visit these museums , i started learning a lot of learning .
when i traveled , and i went to visit these museums , i started learning a lot of learning .

und meine patienten sind keine autos ; sie berichten mir ihre symptome nicht immer in der gleichen art .
and my patients aren &apos;t cars ; they don &apos;t tell me their symptoms in the same way each time .
and my patients are not cars ; they tell me their symptoms not always in the same way .
and my patients are not cars ; they &apos;re not telling me their symptoms always in the same way .

weil er sie auf eine fährte geführt hat , auf der er sich selber gar nicht aufhält .
because he led you down a path he &apos;s not on himself .
because he led them to a thread that he doesn &apos;t stop himself at all .
because he has led them to a shrink that he &apos;s not holding himself on .

das heißt – sehen sie : ich bin ziemlich jung . ich bin nur ca. 40 jahre alt .
which is -- you know , like check it out , i &apos;m pretty young , i &apos;m only about 40 years old .
this is called -- look , i &apos;m pretty young . i &apos;m only about 40 years old .
this is called -- look : i &apos;m pretty young . i &apos;m only about 40 years old .

mit der zeit verändert es sich . es verändert sich , denn für die menschen sind ihre taten ganz natürlich .
and over time it changes -- it changes because people do things , or naturally .
at the time , it changes . it changes because for people , they &apos;re all natural .
with time , it changes . it changes , because for the people , their ingredients are completely natural .

aber nun gibt es eine andere frage : &quot; wie sehr dachten diese patienten , dass sie litten ? &quot;
but now there is another question : &quot; how much did these patients think they suffered ? &quot;
but now there &apos;s another question : &quot; how much did these patients think they should be lifted ? &quot;
but now there &apos;s another question : &quot; how much did these patients think they live ? &quot;

die frage , die ich heute jedem hier stellen möchte ist : ist diese idee für sie völlig in ordnung ?
and the question that i want to ask everybody here today is are you guys all cool with that idea ?
the question i want to ask you today is : is this idea for you totally okay ?
the question that i want to ask you today is this idea for you in order ?

ja , sie spüren es schon , wenn sie heiter sind an dieser stelle . da stimmt etwas nicht .
yes , you &apos;ll sense it if you &apos;re feeling a little nervous at this point , something is not quite right .
yeah , you feel it if you &apos;re healthier at this point . there &apos;s not something there .
yes , you feel it already when you &apos;re healthier at this point . there &apos;s something wrong .

bereits in den ersten sieben tagen gab es eine parodie für jeden einzelnen wochentag .
even in the first seven days , there was one parody for every other day of the week .
already in the first seven days , there was a parole for every single week .
already in the first seven days , there was a paroid for every single weekend .

diese grafik ist wirklich ... ich werde sie ihnen ein anderes mal zeigen , wenn wir einen projektor haben .
it &apos;s a really , this graph , well i &apos;ll show it to you some other time when we have slides .
this graph is really -- i &apos;m going to show you another time when we have a projector .
this graph is really ... i &apos;m going to show you another time when we have a projector .

sprecher 4 : bösartige kartelle . sprecher 5 : gefährliche kreuzfahrtschiffe .
vicious cartels . announcer five : caustic cruise lines .
four : evil cards . five speakers : dancing ships .
four : bad carroles . speaker five : dangerous cross-border ships .

wir möchten dinge erhalten , die verschwunden sind oder dinge , die nicht mehr so sind , wie sie waren .
we want to sustain things that are gone or things that are not the way they were .
we want to get things that are gone away or things that are no longer as they were .
we want to get things that are disappeared or things that are not as they were .

warten sie nicht damit , einen unterschied im leben eines anderen zu machen , bis sie ihre erste million erreicht haben .
don &apos;t wait until you make your first million to make a difference in somebody &apos;s life .
don &apos;t wait for you to make a difference in your life , until you &apos;ve reached your first million .
don &apos;t wait to make a difference in your life , until you &apos;ve reached your first million .

sie hören eine menge gerede darüber , wie quantenmechanik sagt , dass alles mit allem verbunden ist .
you hear a lot of talk about how quantum mechanics says that everything is all interconnected .
you hear a lot of talking about how quantum mechanics says that everything is connected to everything .
you hear a lot about how quantum mechanics says that everything is connected to everything .

um teil der verfassung zu werden , muss es aber zweimal durch den kongress genehmigt werden .
to be part of the constitution , you actually have to pass it twice in the congress .
to be part of the constitution , but it has to be approved by congress .
in order to be part of the constitution , but it has to be transmitted by the congress .

ich war der zweite freiwillige an der brandstelle , ich hatte also recht gute chancen hinein zu können .
i was the second volunteer on the scene , so there was a pretty good chance i was going to get in .
i was the second volunteer of the branding , so i had a pretty good opportunity to get into it .
i was the second volunteer in the brand , so i had a pretty good opportunity to put it in .

diese grauen boxen laufen nicht mit windows-software ; sie basieren auf einer komplett anderen technologie .
the gray boxes don &apos;t run windows software ; they are a completely different technology .
these gray boxes don &apos;t run with winds software ; they &apos;re based on a completely different technology .
these grass boxes don &apos;t run with wind software ; they &apos;re based on a completely different technology .

schon heute sprudelt in einigen flachen seen in alaska methan von selbst aus dem wasser .
already in some shallow lakes in alaska , methane is actively bubbling up out of the water .
already today , in some flat lakes in alaska methane itself from the water .
now , today , in some bottles , in alaska , in alaska methane itself from the water .

machen sie methoden , die leicht zu verwenden sind und fangen sie mit dieser an , patienten im team zu umarmen .
make techniques that are easy to use and start with this to embrace patients in the team .
make methods that are easy to use and start with these patients in the team .
do the methods that are easy to use and catch them with this patients in the team in the poor .

das ist großartig . die römer dachten nicht wirklich , dass ein genie ein besonders kluges individuum war .
which is great , because the romans did not actually think that a genius was a particularly clever individual .
that &apos;s great . the tube didn &apos;t really think that a genius was a particularly smart individual .
that &apos;s great . the tube didn &apos;t really think that a genius was a particularly smart individual .

es gibt einen flüssigen reaktortyp , welches etwas schwierig scheint , aber vielleicht sagen die das über uns .
there &apos;s a liquid-type reactor , which seems a little hard , but maybe they say that about us .
there &apos;s a liquid reactor , which seems a bit difficult , but maybe they &apos;ll tell us about it .
there &apos;s a liquid reactor that seems to be a little hard , but maybe the one about us .

wir haben eine app für layar entwickelt , erweiterte realität , um diese aeds zu finden .
we made an application for layar , augmented reality , to find these aeds .
we developed an app for layar , extended reality to find this aeds .
we developed an app for layar , extended reality to find these aeds .

hier sehen wir einen sehr grundlegenden dienst . gibt es zu hause licht , damit man die hausaufgaben lesen kann ?
here we have a very basic service : do you have lighting in your house to be able to read your homework ?
here we see a very fundamental service . is there at home to light so that you can read the homework ?
here we see a very fundamental service . is there to your home with reading the homework ?

aber es gibt keine vereine , nach denen wir uns umschauen können , wo man lernt , wie man feuer macht .
there &apos;s only the second best option , which is the fire brigade .
but there &apos;s no verbs that we can look at where you learn how to do fire .
but there &apos;s no promise that we can look at where you learn how to do fire .

trotzdem begann mein interesse an fotografie , als ich meine erste digitalkamera erhielt , im alter von 15 jahren .
yet , my interest in photography started as i got my first digital camera at the age of 15 .
but my interest in photography , when i first received my first digital camera , at age 15 years old .
yet , my interest in photography , when i gave my first digital camera , in age 15 years .

und jedes mal , wenn ich jemanden interviewe , kann ich sagen : &quot; sind sie frisch genug für dieses interview ?
while anytime i do an interview with someone , i can say , &quot; are you fresh enough for this interview ?
and every time i interviewed somebody , i can say , &quot; are you happy enough for this interview ?
and every time i interviewed somebody , i can say , &quot; are you frozen enough for this interview ?

und es gibt sicher unklarheit darüber , wie schlimm diese folgen werden . aber sie werden extrem schlimm sein !
and there &apos;s certainly uncertainty about how bad those effects will be , but they will be extremely bad .
and there &apos;s certainly unclear about how bad these consequences are going to be , but they &apos;re going to be extremely bad !
and there &apos;s certainly unclear about how bad follow , but they &apos;re going to be extremely bad !

wissen sie , wir wissen nicht unbedingt wie es aussehen wird . wir wissen exakt wie deren genetischer code aussehen wird .
you know , we don &apos;t know necessarily what it &apos;ll look like : we know exactly what their genetic code looks like .
you know , we don &apos;t necessarily know what it &apos;s going to look like , we know exactly what the genetic code is going to look like .
you know , we don &apos;t really know what it &apos;s going to look like . we know exactly how their genetic code is going to look like .

das einzige problem dabei war , dass ich in einem kleinen dorf in kanada lebte , 1 000 km vom nächsten ozean entfernt .
and the only problem with that was that i lived in a little village in canada , 600 miles from the nearest ocean .
the only problem with that was that i lived in a small village in canada , 3,000 miles away from the next ocean .
the only problem was that i lived in a small village in canada , 3,000 miles away from the next mile .

wie verhält es sich mit dem arabischen frühling und den dingen , die zum beispiel in ägypten passiert sind ?
what about arab spring and things that have been happening , for example , in egypt ?
how about the arab spring and the things that are happening in egypt ?
how about the arab spring and the things that happened in egypt ?

da konnten dann die besucher in den raum reingehen , sich auf diesen stuhl setzen , sich diesen helm aufsetzen .
visitors could go into the room , sit down on this chair , and put on this helmet .
and then the visitors could go into the room , sit on this chair , sit down this helmet .
and then the visitors were going to go in the room , they could put themselves on this chair .

sie haben firmen wie nestle , febreze , hallmark geholfen , diese markenpersönlichkeit zu entdecken .
they &apos;ve helped companies like nestle , febreze , hallmark discover that brand personality .
they have companies like neck , fatal , candy , to discover these marvelous personality .
they have companies like nestle , feebols , correctly helped discover these brand personal personality .

das erste mal war ich vor beinah 10 jahren in der antarktis , wo ich meine ersten eisberge sah .
i first went to antarctica almost 10 years ago , where i saw my first icebergs .
the first time , i was on my leg 10 years ago in antarctica , where i saw my first iceberg .
the first time i was 10 years ago in antarctica , where i saw my first iceberg .

es ist der beginn des rationalen humanismus und die menschen begannen zu glaube , dass kreativität komplett vom eigenen individuum kam .
and it &apos;s the beginning of rational humanism , and people started to believe that creativity came completely from the self of the individual .
it &apos;s the beginning of the rational humanism , and people started to think that creativity was completely different from the individual .
it &apos;s the beginning of the rational humanism and the people started to believe that creativity came completely from their own individual .

obwohl aluminium 8,3 prozent der erdmasse einnimmt , kommt es nicht als reines metall vor .
you see , even though aluminum is 8.3 percent of the earth by mass , it doesn &apos;t come as a pure metal .
even though aluminum is about 8.3 percent of the earth &apos;s mass , it doesn &apos;t come as a metal .
although aluminum 8.3 percent of the mass of the mass , it doesn &apos;t come as a metal .

das kennen sie vielleicht auch schon , wenn sie sich dafür ein bisschen interessieren , von den australischen ureinwohnern .
perhaps you &apos;ve heard of that already , if you have any interest in that , in connection with the australian aboriginals .
you may know this , even if you &apos;re interested in this , from the australian apartment .
you may know that , if you &apos;re interested in this a little bit , of the australian living .

ich hatte sehr niedrige erwartungen . ich hatte keine konkreten erwartungen , als es sie nur in einer art gab .
i had very low -- i had no particular expectations when they only came in one flavor .
i had very low expectations . i had no concrete expectations than just in a way .
i had very low expectations . i didn &apos;t have any concrete expectations when it was just in a way .

i kannte sogar die differentialdiagnose um renale tubuläre azidose zu klassifizieren .
i even knew the differential diagnosis in how to classify renal tubular acidosis .
i even knew the differential diagnosis to classify renadoors .
i even knew the differential diagnosis to classify renaeshire tubes .

ich habe die letzten paar jahre damit verbracht , mich in situationen zu platzieren , die normalerweise sehr schwierig und gleichzeitig irgendwie gefährlich sind .
i have spent the past few years putting myself into situations that are usually very difficult and at the same time somewhat dangerous .
i &apos;ve spent the last few years trying to put me in situations that are usually very difficult and at the same time .
i spent the last few years trying to put me in situations that are usually very difficult and somehow dangerous .

und was das interessante daran ist , dass die navigation und die topographie von regionen über lieder abgebildet werden konnte .
and the interesting thing about that is that the navigation and the topography of regions could be depicted through songs .
and what &apos;s interesting about it is that the navigation and the topography of regions could be formed over songs .
and what the interesting thing about this is that the navigation and the topography of regime could be trained by songs about songs .

und ich möchte ihnen zeigen , das ist fuku , ein junges weibchen , und sie spielt friedlich mit wasser .
and i want you to see , this is fuku , a young female , and she is quietly playing with water .
and i want to show you , this is fuzzy , a virgin female , and it plays peaceful with water .
and i want to show you this is ku , a virgin female , and it plays peaceful with water .

es stellt sich heraus , dass wir in der tat mit mehr informationen umgehen können als wir denken , wir müssen sie nur vereinfachen .
it turns out we can actually handle a lot more information than we think we can , we &apos;ve just got to take it a little easier .
it turns out that we can actually deal with more information than we think , we just have to simplify it .
it turns out that we can actually deal with more information than we think , we just need to simplify them .

ich wurde gebeten nach tegucigalpa zu kommen und noch einmal am vierten und fünften januar einen vortrag zu halten .
i was asked to come to tegucigalpa and talk again on january fourth and fifth .
i was asked to come to tegutgpa , and once again , and fifth january was going to give a talk .
i was asked to come to come to teliar gum , and again , at the fourth of january , and i had a talk about a talk .

für mich war es mehr eine prinzipielle art , meinen job zu tun , der eigentliche prozess , der sich im ergebnis geändert hat .
to me , it was more of a fundamental way of doing business , the process itself , that changed as a result of that .
for me , it was more of a way of doing my job , the actual process that changed in the outcome .
for me , it was more a way of doing my job , the actual process that changed in the outcome .

sicher , es gibt dann manche unter ihnen , die sagen , ja , aber was macht man , wenn wenn ich eben nicht singen kann ?
sure there are some of you who will say , yes , but what do you do if if you can &apos;t sing ?
sure , there are some of you who say , yes , but what do you do if i can &apos;t sing ?
sure , there are some of you who say , yes , but what do you do if i can &apos;t sing ?

ein kind , das das singen nicht gelernt hat , weil es die eltern nicht vorgemacht haben , wird es von selbst auch nicht tun .
a child who has not learned to sing , because the parents never showed them how to , will not start singing on its own .
a child who doesn &apos;t have learned that , because it doesn &apos;t have the parents , it &apos;s not going to be done by itself .
a child that didn &apos;t learn because the parents didn &apos;t do it , it &apos;s not going to be done by themselves .

als ich das ipad sah , sah ich es als gerät zum geschichtenerzählen , das leser auf der ganzen welt verbinden kann .
and so when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a storytelling device that could connect readers all over the world .
when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a device to storyteller that he can connect all over the world .
when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a device to storytelling that he can connect all over the world .

und das ist gezielt dazu gedacht , dass ich die außenwelt entdecke , also dass ich die reale welt wieder entdecke .
and it was expressly designed to enable me to discover the outside world , to rediscover the real world .
and that &apos;s designed to think that i &apos;m exploring the outside world , so that i review the real world .
and that &apos;s what i thought was the outside world , so that i reconcile the real world .

das heißt , dass jeden tag , wenn sie am morgen aufwachen , sie entscheiden müssen , was für eine art von person sie sein möchten .
and that means that everyday , when you wake up in the morning , you have to decide what kind of person you want to be .
that means every day when you wake up in the morning , you have to decide what kind of person you want to be .
that means that every day , if you wake up the morning , you have to decide what a kind of person you want to be .

er sprach von ihr mit einer leidenschaft und einem verständnis , das ich sonst nur von meinen kollegen in der philharmonie von los angeles kenne .
he spoke about it with the kind of passion and understanding that i share with my colleagues in the los angeles philharmonic .
he talked to her about a passion and an understanding that i only know about my colleagues in the philharmonic of los angeles .
he talked about her with a passion and a understanding that i only know about my colleagues in the philharmony of los angeles .

und was sie fand war pro 10 investmentfonds die der arbeitgeber anbot , nahm die teilnahme um 2 prozent ab .
and what she found is that for every 10 mutual funds the employer offered , rate of participation went down two percent .
and what she found was 10 investment fonds to the employers of employers who participate in two percent .
and what she found was a 10 investment of the employment of the employer who took part of participation to two percent .

und dies ist auf vielerlei weisen ein symbol für den widerstand der inuit und aller eingeborenen auf der welt .
and this , in many ways -- -- is a symbol of the resilience of the inuit people and of all indigenous people around the world .
and this is in many ways a symbol for the resistance of inuit and all of the inflammation in the world .
and this is in many ways , a symbol for the resistance of the inuit and all of the inhabits in the world .

wenn man sich die ameisen anschaut , das gewicht der ameisen auf der erde , dann wiegen die ameisen etwa viermal mehr als wir menschen .
if you look at ants , the weight of ants on the planet , then ants weigh four times as much a people .
if you look at the ants , the weight of the ants on earth , the ants are more than four times more than we humans .
if you look at the ants , the weight of the ants on earth , the ants weigh about four times more than we humans .

zum beispiel kommen sie ganz besorgt auf mich zu und sagen : &quot; fürchten sie nicht , dass sie diesen erfolg niemals übertreffen werden ?
like , they come up to me now , all worried , and they say , &quot; aren &apos;t you afraid -- aren &apos;t you afraid you &apos;re never going to be able to top that ?
for example , they &apos;re all concerned about me and saying , &quot; don &apos;t you worry that you &apos;re never going to be overwhelmed ?
for example , you get all the way to me and say , &quot; don &apos;t you care that you &apos;re never going to meet that success ?

als wir unsere forschung zu stuxnet vor sechs monaten begannen , war völlig unbekannt , was der sinn und zweck dieses konstrukts war .
when we started our research on stuxnet six months ago , it was completely unknown what the purpose of this thing was .
when we started studying our research six months ago , it was completely unknown what the purpose and the purpose of this construction was .
when we started looking at our research six months ago , it was completely unknown , which was the purpose and the purpose of this constructive .

allein wenn sie diese diese windel nehmen , sie zerkleinern , sterilisieren und das pulver nehmen , um damit bäume zu pflanzen .
if you just take these these nappies , shred them , sterilize them and take the powder to plant trees with it .
if you just take these winds , you break them down , you break them down , you get the pulse and the pulse to plant trees .
so if you take these winds , you pick up smaller , sterilibrium and take the pulse , to plant trees .

und wir haben dann sogar versucht , das auch in die akademische welt wieder zurückzubringen , aber dort ist es irgendwie nicht so angekommen .
and then we even tried to bring it back into the academic world , but somehow it wasn &apos;t really well received there .
and we &apos;ve even tried to remove that into the academic world , but there &apos;s no such thing .
and we actually tried to get that back into the academic world , but there &apos;s kind of not that way .

sie nehmen das zeug , und sie nehmen alternative heilmittel , und es macht keinen unterschied , wie häufig wir herausfinden , dass sie nutzlos sind .
they take the stuff , and they take alternative medicines , and it doesn &apos;t matter how often we find out that they &apos;re useless .
they take the stuff , and they take alternative cure , and it doesn &apos;t matter how often we find that they &apos;re useless .
they take the stuff , and they take alternative resources , and it doesn &apos;t matter how often we find that they &apos;re useless .

soldat : mit dem hulc-exoskelett kann ich 200 pfund über verschiedenartiges terrain tragen , viele stunden lang .
with the hulc exoskeleton , i can carry 200 lbs. over varied terrain for many hours .
solo dat : with the hul-inoskeleton skeleton , i can carry 200 pounds of pounds of different terrain , a lot of hours .
soldier : with the hulc skeleton , i can wear 200 pounds of different terrain , many hours long .

ich möchte sagen -- ein kurzer autobiographischer moment -- das ich mit einer frau verheiratet bin , und sie ist wirklich sehr wunderbar .
i want to say -- just a little autobiographical moment -- that i actually am married to a wife , and she &apos;s really quite wonderful .
i want to say -- a quick autobiographical moment -- which i am married with a woman , and she &apos;s really wonderful .
i want to say -- a short autobiography moment -- which i &apos;m married with a woman , and she &apos;s really wonderful .

nur verschiedene ökonomische veränderungen haben es überhaupt beeinflusst und wir müssen von rapidem anstieg zu verringerung gehen und zu einer verringerung bis auf null .
it &apos;s only various economic changes that have even flattened it at all , so we have to go from rapidly rising to falling , and falling all the way to zero .
only different economic changes have influenced it at all , and we have to go away from the rise and go to zero to zero .
only different economic changes have influenced it at all , and we need to go through the rise of the rise and reduce to a reduction to zero .

also unterzeichnete ich die entlassungspapiere und ein krankenwagen und rettungsassistenten kamen und brachten sie nach hause .
so i signed the discharge papers , and an ambulance came , paramedics came to take her home .
so i signed the laser splashing and a clinic and a clinician and a rescue rescue and brought it home .
so i signed the disappointed appointment and a hospital and a car assistant and brought them home .

sie kennen vielleicht diese idee von der dame , die jeden morgen in den spiegel schaute und ihn fragte , wer ist denn die schönste im ganzen land ?
perhaps you know this idea of the lady who looked at herself in the mirror every day and said , who is the fairest of them all ?
you may be familiar with this idea of the lady who looked up every morning in the mirror and asked who &apos;s the most beautiful in the country ?
you may know this idea of the lady who looked at every morning in the mirror and asked him who is the most beautiful ?

die haben sich da wirklich was ausgedacht , denn das führt zu einer ausgesprochen toleranten gesellschaft , in der tödliche gewalt bislang nicht beobachtet wurde .
these guys have really worked something out , since this leads to a highly tolerant society where fatal violence has not been observed yet .
they &apos;ve really thought about what &apos;s going to happen , because this leads to an intolerant society that has not been seen in the lethal violence .
they &apos;ve really looked at what &apos;s going on , because this leads to an excellent society , in the lethal violence , has not been observed .

und das kommerzielle gerät kostet etwa fünfzehntausend euro aufwärts oder so etwas , sahnespender so um die fünfzig .
and the commercial device for this starts at about fifteen thousand euros or so , whereas whipped cream dispensers cost about fifty euros .
and the commercial device costs about five thousand euros or something like this , the penetration of the fifty .
and the commercial device costs about five thousand your adventures , or something like this , savors about five .

ich habe das gefühl , ich wurde unter wasser gedrückt und endlich hat jemand nach unten gegriffen und meinen kopf hochgezogen , damit ich atmen kann . &quot;
i feel like i had been held underwater , and someone finally reached down and pulled my head up so i could breathe . &quot;
i feel the feeling , i was thrown underwater , and finally someone moved down to the head and pulled my head so i can breathe . &quot;
i felt the feeling , i was put under water , and finally someone went down to the bottom and pulled my head so i can breathe . &quot;

und sie werden diese fragen beantworten unabhängig davon , ob das bedeutet all die aufgaben zu machen die ich ihnen zuweise und keine gute note in meinem kurs zu kriegen .
and they &apos;re going to answer these questions , whether or not it means not doing all the work i assign and not getting a good grade in my courses .
and you &apos;re going to answer these questions of whether that &apos;s what all the tasks i &apos;m going to do , and not get a good note in my course .
and you &apos;re going to answer these questions of whether that means to do all the tasks that i &apos;m going to give you a good class in my class .

also muss man sich damit beschäftigen , was heißt denn das , und nicht nur einfach es verändern , dass es anders ist , sondern es soll ja auch besser werden .
so you have to examine what that means , and not only change it so that it &apos;s different , because it needs to be improved too .
so you have to deal with what that means , and not just change it , it &apos;s different , but it &apos;s going to get better .
so you have to deal with that , which means that , and not just changing it is different , but it &apos;s supposed to be better .

es war , als ob er unter dem einfluss einer unsichtbaren arznei stand , eine chemische reaktion , dessen katalysator mein spiel war .
it was as if he was in the grip of some invisible pharmaceutical , a chemical reaction , for which my playing the music was its catalyst .
it was like he was under the influence of an invisible arneari , a chemical reaction whose catalyst was my game .
it was when he was under the impact of a invisible neari , a chemical reaction whose catalyst was my game .

nun , er fährt fort mir zu erzählen , dass es so ein reichhaltiges system ist , dass die fische essen , was sie in der wildnis essen würden .
well , he goes on to tell me it &apos;s such a rich system that the fish are eating what they &apos;d be eating in the wild .
now , he &apos;s going to tell me that it &apos;s such a rich system , that the fish , what you would eat in the wild .
now , he continues to tell me that it &apos;s so rich that the fish eat what they would eat in the wild .

und vor allem möchte ich jenen von ihnen , die das ebenso sehen , einfach nur sagen : verlieren sie das ziel nicht aus den augen . geben sie nicht auf .
and more than anything , for those of you who share that , i &apos;ve simply come to tell you to keep your eyes on the prize , hold on .
and most of all , i want to tell you about those who also see this , just say , lose the goal , don &apos;t give you the goal . don &apos;t give you up .
and most of all , i would like to see those who are also seeing this , just saying , &quot; lose the goal not out of the eyes . don &apos;t give them up .

zum thema umweltkrise , ein großes problem der letzten 10 jahre ist , dass kinder in ihren zimmern sitzen , an ihren computern , ohne rauszugehen .
speaking of the environmental crisis , i think a big problem has been in the last 10 years is that children have been locked inside their rooms , glued to their pcs , they haven &apos;t been able to get out .
the theme of environmental crisis , a big problem of the last 10 years is that kids are sitting in their immune system , in their computers without going to go out .
the theme of environmental crisis , a big problem in the last 10 years , is that children are sitting in their immune immune systems , don &apos;t want to go to their computers .

und ich behaupte , dass es heute wahrscheinlicher ist , dass wir opfer eines online-verbrechens werden , als eines verbrechens in der realen welt .
and i claim it &apos;s already today that it &apos;s more likely for any of us to become the victim of a crime online than here in the real world .
and i &apos;m saying that it &apos;s more likely today that we will become victims of an online , as one of the fragile in the real world .
and i &apos;m saying it &apos;s more likely today that we &apos;re going to be destroying victims of an online fragile than one fragile in the real world .

alle proteine änderten sich die membranen änderten sich -- als wir den genetischen code lasen , war es genau das was wir transferiert haben .
all the proteins changed , the membranes changed ; when we read the genetic code , it &apos;s exactly what we had transferred in .
all the proteins changed the membranes -- as we transformed the genetic code , it was exactly what we transferred .
all the proteins changed the membranes -- when we read the genetic code , it was exactly what we changed .

und er antwortete : &quot; nein , nur wenn man zur höheren gesellschaftsschicht gehört und eine bemerkenswerte versicherung hat , kann man das wirklich tun .
and he said , &quot; no , unless you &apos;re in the upper echelon and you &apos;ve got really amazing insurance , you can &apos;t actually do that .
and he said , &quot; no , only if you belong to the higher social class , and a remarkable insurance , you can do that .
and he said , &quot; no , only if you heard about higher education , and a remarkable values , you can really do that .

ein ort , an dem die frauen das zepter führen , mit sex &apos; hallo &apos; sagen , und das spiel den tag bestimmt -- wo spaß eine ernste angelegenheit ist .
it &apos;s a place where women run the show , have sex to say hello , and play rules the day -- where fun is serious business .
a place where women lead the recipes , they say , &quot; hello , &quot; and the game is -- where a serious opportunity is .
a place where women are doing the recipe , with sex &apos;s &quot; hello , &quot; and the game is determined -- where fun is a serious opportunity .

es wurde ganz still . dann sagte eine frau : » mit unserer geschichte ist es unmöglich , dass wir uns jemals wieder für das systematische töten von menschen aussprechen .
and the room got very quiet , and this woman said , &quot; there &apos;s no way , with our history , we could ever engage in the systematic killing of human beings .
it became very silent . then a woman said , &quot; with our story , it &apos;s impossible that we &apos;ll never ever speak for systematic people .
it became silly silly . then a woman said , &quot; with our story , it &apos;s impossible that we &apos;ve ever been able to talk about the systematic killing of people .

wir glauben , weil man es uns so beigebracht hat , dass die wahre frage die ist : hat ein mensch verdient , für ein von ihm begangenes verbrechen zu sterben ?
in many ways , we &apos;ve been taught to think that the real question is , do people deserve to die for the crimes they &apos;ve committed ?
we think because we &apos;ve taught it so that the real question is : does a human being deserved to die for a concrime ?
we believe that because you taught us that the true question is : is a human being deserved for a man to die of crime ?

sie sehen wahrscheinlich dieses gespür für dringlichkeit , etwas angst , aber auch äußerste konzentration , ganz vertieft in das lösen eines echt schwierigen problems .
you probably see the sense of urgency , a little bit of fear , but intense concentration , deep , deep focus on tackling a really difficult problem .
you &apos;re probably going to see this sense of urgency , something fear , but also the first concentration , very , very deep in the solving of a real problem .
you &apos;re probably looking at this sense of urgency , something scared , but also the first concentration of concentration , in a very difficult problem .

das ist brilliant – da ist es , da ist die distanz , von der ich sprach – das psychologische konstrukt , die dich von den folgen deiner arbeit schützen .
so brilliant -- there it is , right there , that distance that i &apos;m talking about -- that psychological construct to protect you from the results of your work .
this is brilliant -- because it &apos;s the distance that i talked about -- the psychological constructed you from the work of your work .
this is brilliant -- there &apos;s the distance that i talked about -- psychological construction that protect you from your work .

ihnen wurde einfach gesagt , dass seien die einser-schüler und dass sind die schüler mit der note ausreichend . und genauso haben sie ihnen etwas beigebracht und sie behandelt .
they were simply told , &quot; these are the &apos; a-students , &apos; these are the &apos; d-students . &apos; &quot; and that &apos;s how they went about teaching them and treating them .
they were just told that the serena students , and they are the students with the note , and they also taught them something and they were treated .
they were just told that the serena students and that are the students who are with the outcomes , and they &apos;ve just taught them something and treated them .

in der anderen war ich in unsichere leben verwickelt , die tragische narben der gewalt trugen , des drogenmissbrauchs und der isolierung .
in the other , i was enmeshed in lives that were precarious , tragically scarred by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
in the other part , i was embedded in insurgency , the tragic narrow of violence , the drug abuse and the isolation .
in the other i was in unsafe life , the tragedy of the violence of the violence , the drug abuse and the isolation .

also ging um neue jeans zu kaufen nach vielen jahren des tragens der alten , und ich sagte , &quot; ich hätte gerne ein paar jeans , hier ist meine größe . &quot;
so i went to replace my jeans after years and years of wearing these old ones , and i said , you know , &quot; i want a pair of jeans . here &apos;s my size . &quot;
so , to buy new jeans , i went to buy a lot of the year &apos;s trains , and i said , &quot; i &apos;d like to have some jeans , here &apos;s my size . &quot;
so i went to buy new jeans after many years of the meeting , and i said , &quot; i &apos;d like to have a few jeans , here &apos;s my size . &quot;

und manchmal ist ein kleiner prototyp dieser erfahrung alles , was es braucht , uns von einem &quot; uh-oh &quot; - zu einem &quot; ta-da &quot; -moment zu bringen .
and sometimes , a little prototype of this experience is all that it takes to turn us from an &quot; uh-oh &quot; moment to a &quot; ta-da &quot; moment .
and sometimes a little prototype of this experience is all about what it takes to bring us from &quot; uh &quot; -- to a ta-da &quot; moment .
and sometimes a little prototype of this experience is all what it takes us from a word &quot; oh , &quot; to a ta-day moment . &quot;

sie zählten nicht , weil er mit einer erinnerung verblieben war ; die erinnerung war ruiniert , und die erinnerung war alles , was er zum behalten bekommen hatte .
they counted for nothing because he was left with a memory ; the memory was ruined , and the memory was all that he had gotten to keep .
they didn &apos;t count , because he was stayed with a reminder ; the memory was ruined , and the memory was everything he had to keep .
they didn &apos;t count because he was left with a memory ; the memory was injured , and the rememberation was all he got to keep .

nun , es gibt verspielte marken und achtsame marken , diese sachen , die kommen und gehen , aber eine verspielte , achtsame marke ist eine ziemlich starke sache .
now there &apos;s playful brands and mindful brands , those things that have come and gone , but a playful , mindful brand is a pretty powerful thing .
now , there are margins and eighth marks , these things that come and go , but a contract , it &apos;s a pretty strong thing .
now , there are correctly marks and eight-marks , these things coming out and go , but one played , eight-mark is a pretty strong thing .

und ich habe argumentiert dass wir möglicherweise dabei sind eine neue form der kambrischen explosion zu erschaffen in der es massive neue artenbildung basierend auf diesem digitalen design geben könnte .
and i &apos;ve argued that we &apos;re about to perhaps create a new version of the cambrian explosion , where there &apos;s massive new speciation based on this digital design .
and i argued that we might be able to create a new form of cambrian explosion in which there could be massive new education based on this digital design .
and i argued that we might be able to create a new form of camels in which there could be massive new education based on this digital design .

und da es weder videospiele noch diese übersättigung mit computergenerierten filmen noch die ganze bildsprache in der medienlandschaft gab , musste ich die bilder in meinem kopf erschaffen .
and i found that because there weren &apos;t video games and this saturation of cg movies and all of this imagery in the media landscape , i had to create these images in my head .
and since there was no video games nor this overwhelming with computer movies nor the whole language in media landscape , i had to create the images in my head .
and there was no video games of this overwhelming with computer generates still the entire imaging language in media landscape , i had to create the images in my head .

es ist das erlebende selbst , das der arzt anpricht -- sie wissen , wenn der arzt fragt : &quot; tut es jetzt weh , wenn ich sie hier anfasse ? &quot;
it &apos;s the experiencing self that the doctor approaches -- you know , when the doctor asks , &quot; does it hurt now when i touch you here ? &quot;
it &apos;s the living self , the doctor , the doctor -- you know , when the doctor asks , &quot; is it going to hurt if i reach you here ? &quot;
it &apos;s the alive itself , the doctor &apos;s pricing -- you know , if the doctor &apos;s asking , &quot; now , if i &apos;m going to stop here ? &quot;

und meine liebe zu science fiction schien sich in meiner umgebung widerzuspiegeln , denn damals , in den späten 60ern , flogen wir zum mond und erforschten die tiefsee .
and my love of science fiction actually seemed mirrored in the world around me , because what was happening , this was in the late &apos; 60s , we were going to the moon , we were exploring the deep oceans .
and my love to science fiction appeared in my environment , because back then , in the late &apos; 60s , we went to the moon and explored the deep sea .
and my love to science fiction appeared in my environment because then , in the late 60s , we flew to the moon and explored the deep sea .

wenn man also das system so nimmt , wie ich es gelehrt wurde , und alle fehlerbehafteten gesundheitsexperten aussortiert , dann ist am ende keiner mehr übrig .
so if you take the system , as i was taught , and weed out all the error-prone health professionals , well there won &apos;t be anybody left .
so if you take the system like i &apos;ve been taught , and all of the miserable health workers are exposed to health care , then there &apos;s no more left .
so if you take the system as i taught it , and all of the miserable health care of health care , then no one &apos;s left .

denn , wissen sie , ich konnte mir ein wesen vorstellen , für das wir dann einen visuellen effekt gestalten konnten . aber ich konnte mir nicht das vorstellen , was ich außerhalb des fensters sehen würde .
because , you know , i could imagine a creature and we could create a visual effect for it . but i couldn &apos;t imagine what i was seeing out that window .
because , you know , i could imagine a creature that we could then create a visual effect , but i couldn &apos;t imagine what i would see outside the window .
because , you know , i could imagine a creature that we could make a visual effect , but i couldn &apos;t imagine what i would see outside the window .

ich treffe alle möglichen tollen leute ; meine dollars dienen für gewöhnlich einem guten zweck ; ich sehe ziemlich einzigartig aus ; und es macht einkaufen zu meiner ganz persönlichen schatzsuche .
i get to meet all kinds of great people ; my dollars usually go to a good cause ; i look pretty unique ; and it makes shopping like my own personal treasure hunt .
i meet all kinds of amazing people ; my dollars for good purposes ; i see pretty unique ; and it makes me buy my personal addiction .
i meet all sorts of great people ; my dollars for a very good purpose ; i look pretty unique ; and it makes my personal pursuit .

&quot; don &quot; , sagte ich , &quot; nur um die fakten richtig zu haben , ihr seid berühmt dafür , so weit draußen im meer anzubauen , dass ihr die umwelt nicht verschmutzt . &quot;
&quot; don , &quot; i said , &quot; just to get the facts straight , you guys are famous for farming so far out to sea , you don &apos;t pollute . &quot;
&quot; don &apos;t say , &quot; i said , &quot; just to have the facts right , you &apos;re famous for building so far out in the sea that your environment doesn &apos;t protect you . &quot;
&quot; don &apos;t say , &quot; i said , &quot; just to have the facts right , you &apos;re famous to build so far outside the ocean , that your environment doesn &apos;t pollution . &quot;

es macht keinen unterschied . es macht keinen unterschied , weil wir an anekdoten glauben , wir glauben , was wir sehen , was wir zu sehen glauben , was bewirkt , dass wir uns echt fühlen .
it doesn &apos;t matter . it doesn &apos;t matter because we believe anecdotes , we believe what we see , what we think we see , what makes us feel real .
it doesn &apos;t make any difference . it doesn &apos;t make any difference , because we believe in anecdotal , we believe what we see , what we believe is that we feel real .
it doesn &apos;t make any difference . it doesn &apos;t matter because we believe in anecdotes , we believe what we see , what we see , what we do is we feel really feel really .

spiel ist ein formwandler und es kann viele formen annehmen , von denen manche etwas ruhiger sind , phantasievoll , neugierig -- vielleicht um das erstaunen erneut zu entdecken .
play &apos;s a shapeshifter , and it can take many forms , some of which are more quiet , imaginative , curious -- maybe where wonder is discovered anew .
game play is a formal , and it can take a lot of shapes that some of them are quiet , painful , curious , curious , perhaps -- to discover the amazing renewables .
game is a formal transformation , and it can take many forms of which some of them are quiet , phasis full of wonder , curiosity , curiosity -- maybe to discover the amazing again .

ein projekt , das ich mit dem hackteria-netzwerk in der schweiz selbst gemacht habe , war , dass wir eine sogenannte optische falle oder optische pinzette basteln wollten .
a project i set up myself with the hackteria network in switzerland , was one in which we wanted to create a so-called optical trap or optical tweezers .
a project that i did with the hacka network in switzerland , was that we wanted to build a so-called optic optic or paintings .
a project that i made with the hacka network in switzerland itself was that we wanted to put a so-called optical foptic or optic peppets .

es gibt keine abgrenzung um technologie und design , die es uns erlaubt , ganz und gar menschlich zu sein , solange wir nicht auch augen und ohren haben für armut , ausgrenzung und ungerechtigkeit .
there is no disconnect around technology and design that will allow us to be fully human until we pay attention to suffering , to poverty , to exclusion , to unfairness , to injustice .
there &apos;s no limitation of technology and design that allows us to be completely human , and as long as we don &apos;t have eyes and ears for poverty , injustice and injustice .
there &apos;s no limitation of technology and design that allows us to be really human and human , as long as we don &apos;t have eyes and ears for poverty , borders and injustice .

und wenn sie wieder einmal so eine möglichkeit haben , diesen dreisatz zu spüren bei anderen menschen , tun sie es , denn sie werden andere glücklich machen , wenn sie sie auf diese weise nicht an ihre selbstlüge erinnern .
and if you have another opportunity to enact this rule of three with another person , do it , because you will make other people happy when , in doing so , you don &apos;t remind them of their self-deception .
and once you have an opportunity to feel that three-sentence in other people , you do it , because you &apos;ll be happy if you don &apos;t remember that kind of self-aspiration .
and once you have a way to feel that three-sentence in other people , you do it , because you &apos;re going to make others happy if you don &apos;t remember that way .

ich möchte , dass sie sich jetzt etwas vorstellen , einen tragbaren roboter , der ihnen übermenschliche fähigkeiten verleiht , oder einen anderen , der rollstuhlfahrern dabei hilft , wieder aufzustehen und zu gehen .
i want you now to imagine a wearable robot that gives you superhuman abilities , or another one that takes wheelchair users up standing and walking again .
i want you to imagine something now , a tragic robot that gives you human skills , or another one that helps you to go back to the wheelchair .
i want you to imagine a little bit , a tragic robot that gives you human skills , or another , the wheelchair helps to go back and go back and go back .

und ich habe diese grafik verwendet , um zu zeigen wie wertvoll rohland ist an einem ort wie new york . denken sie daran , dass eine fläche in manchen fällen pro quadratmeter tausende von dollars wert ist .
and i used this slide showing how valuable the raw land is in a place like new york city : notice , land that &apos;s worth thousands of dollars , in some cases , per square meter .
and i used this graph to show you how valuable rohland is in a place like new york , and you think that there &apos;s an area in some cases that &apos;s worth millions of dollars worth of dollars .
and i used this chart to show how valuable root and is in a place like new york . think that &apos;s a surface in some cases per square meter of thousands of dollars .

und ich fing an mit diesem antrag . die überschrift lautete : » antrag , meinen armen , 14jährigen schwarzen mandanten wie einen privilegierten , weißen , 75jährigen topmanager zu behandeln . <unk> «
and i started working on this motion , and the head of the motion was : &quot; motion to try my poor , 14-year-old black male client like a privileged , white 75-year-old corporate executive . &quot;
and i started out with this post , and the script said , &quot; well , my arms , 14-year-old , 14-year-old black mandatory , like a privileged white white , 75-year-olds . &quot;
and i started with this mission . the transmission said , &quot; well , my poor , 14-year-old mandela like a privileged white , white man , 750-year-old man . &quot;

die eisberge um mich herum ragten beinah 60 meter aus dem wasser . und ich konnte nur staunen , dass das eine schneeflocke auf einer anderen schneeflocke war , jahr um jahr .
the icebergs around me were almost 200 feet out of the water , and i could only help but wonder that this was one snowflake on top of another snowflake , year after year .
the iceberry around me got raw feet of water , and i could just stack that a sneaker sneaker on another sneaker , was around the year .
the polar mountains around me went around 60 feet from the water , and i could only stake that was a nice snowflag on a different kind of snake .

ok , also wenn wir darüber reden , wie viel zeit wir derzeit mit spielen verbringen , macht das nur sinn , wann man sich die zeit im hinblick auf die größenordnung der menschlichen entwicklung vor augen hält , was außerordentlich ist .
okay , so when we talk about how much time we &apos;re currently investing in playing games , the only way it makes sense to even think about it is to talk about time at the magnitude of human evolution , which is an extraordinary thing .
ok , so if we talk about how much time we spend time playing games , that makes sense just when you look at the time in terms of the magnitude of human eyes , which is extraordinary .
ok , so if we talk about how much time we spend with play , it &apos;s only when you look at the time in the scale of the human development , which is extraordinary .

es geht dabei darum , dass menschen , um den unterschied zwischen möglichkeiten zu verstehen , verstehen müssen , welche konsequenzen mit den einzelnen möglichkeiten assoziiert sind , und das diese konsequenzen lebhaft und konkret gefühlt werden müssen .
that in order for people to understand the differences between the choices , they have to be able to understand the consequences associated with each choice , and that the consequences need to be felt in a vivid sort of way , in a very concrete way .
it &apos;s about the fact that people have to understand the difference between choices , understanding what consequences are associated with the individual possibilities , and the consequences of convictions and concrete .
it &apos;s about understanding people to understand the difference between ways to understand what consequences are associated with the individual possibilities , and that these consequences have to be convicted and concrete .

so und das ist halt im moment auch das das kernanliegen der szene eben , diese verfügbarkeit von technologie zu erhöhen und auch die information und die verständlichkeit zu vergrößern , dass dass mehr leute sich da engagieren können .
so that &apos;s currently the the core objective of the scene , making the technology more available and increasing the information and comprehensibility , so that that more people can get involved .
and so , this is also the core of the scene of the scene , to increase this availability of technology , and also to increase the information and the realization that more people can get there .
so , in the moment , it &apos;s the core of the scene of the scene , to increase this availability of technology and also to increase information and the information and the understanding that more people can get involved in there .

und durch diese art der übertragung , ähnlich wie mit der metapher des desktops , jetzt aber nicht mehr eine metapher eines physischen objektes , sondern eine metapher eines handlungsmusters , eines handlungsprinzips .
and this kind of transferal , much like the metaphor of the desktop , but no longer a metaphor of a physical object , but a metaphor of a pattern of action , a principle of action .
and through this kind of transmission , similar to the metaphor of the desktop , but now there &apos;s no longer a metaphor of a physical object , but a metaphor of a mutual mutual leap .
and through this kind of transmission , similar to the metaphor of desktop , but now not a metaphor of a physical object , but a metaphor of a hand-to-hand , a hand-hand leap leap .

aber eine sache wird passieren . sie werden denken , dass sie glücklicher sind , denn wenn sie darüber nachdenken werden sie daran erinnert werden , wie schrecklich das wetter in ohio war . und sie werden spüren , dass sie die richtige entscheidung getroffen haben .
but one thing will happen : they will think they are happier , because , when they think about it , they &apos;ll be reminded of how horrible the weather was in ohio , and they will feel they made the right decision .
but one thing will happen . you &apos;ll think that you &apos;re happier , because if you &apos;re going to think about it , you &apos;re going to be reminded of how the weather was in ohio , and you &apos;ll feel that you &apos;ve made the right decision .
but one thing is going to happen . you &apos;ll think that you &apos;re happier , because if you &apos;re thinking about it , you &apos;re going to be reminded like the terrible weather in ohio , and you &apos;re going to feel that you &apos;ve met the right decision .

das modell wird schon ausprägt im mutterleib und ist interkulturell , also es funktioniert weltweit bei jung und alt , und wird von uns die ganze zeit benutzt , ohne dass die meisten bisher wussten , dass dieses modell vorhanden ist .
the model already takes shape while you &apos;re still in your mother &apos;s womb and it &apos;s intercultural , so it functions worldwide among young and old , and is used by us the whole time , without most people knowing that this model is present .
the model will already be jumped in the womb and is intercultural , so it works around the world , and it &apos;s old , and it &apos;s going to be used by us all the time without the fact that most of them knew that this model is there .
the model is already used in the womb , and it &apos;s cultural interest in the world , so it works in jung and old , and it &apos;s being used by us all the time without most known that this model is already .

wo ich in letzter zeit die meiste aufregung erlebt hatte , war die südafrikanische läuferin caster semenya letztes jahr , deren geschlecht bei der leichatlethik weltmeisterschaft in berlin in frage gestellt wurde .
where i ran into the most heat from this most recently was last year the south african runner , caster semenya , had her sex called into question at the international games in berlin .
now , where i had experienced the most exciting moment in my life , the south african trucks in cairya last year , whose gender suffered by chatter world chamber in berlin .
where i had seen most exciting time in the most exciting time , the south african statesthesia in caster last year , whose gender last year was put in the rice of chatrics in berlin .

es hat sich nämlich folgendes herausgestellt : wenn sie ein placebo in form einer weißen pille anbieten , in der form einer aspirintablette , ist das einfach eine runde , weiße pille , die einen bestimmten messbaren effekt hat .
it turns out that if you administer a placebo in the form of a white pill , that &apos;s like aspirin shaped -- it &apos;s just a round white pill -- it has some certain measurable effect .
and it turns out that , if you offer a placebo in a white pill , in the form of a pipeline , it &apos;s just a round , white mushrooms , which has a particular measurement effect .
because it turns out , if you offer a placebo in a white mushroom , in a form of aspile tabolet , that &apos;s just a rheal , white mushroom that has a certain measured effect .

imagination is more <unk> than <unk> , und mit diesem satz möchte ich auch gerne schließen , a und nochmal den hinweis zu geben , auch designer müssen anders denken , um auf neue lösungen zu kommen , und in diesem sinne danke ich ihnen recht herzlich für ihre aufmerksamkeit und bitte .
imagination is more important than knowledge , and i &apos;d like to close on that sentence a and again give the advice that designers must also think differently to arrive at new solutions , and so i thank you warmly for your attention and please .
i think that is more than conversation , and with that sentence , i &apos;d like to conclude , and to give you a clue , even designers , have to think differently , to come to new solutions , and in this sense , thank you very much for your attention and your attention .
but i &apos;d like to share with you , and with this sentence , i &apos;d like to close to a and again , designers have to think differently , to come up with new solutions , and in this sense , thank you very much for your attention and please .

in der reichen welt , in der oberen milliarde , könnten wir wohl abstriche machen und weniger nutzen , aber im durchschnitt wird diese zahl jedes jahr steigen und sich somit insgesamt mehr als verdoppeln , die zahl der dienste die pro person bereitgestellt werden .
in the rich world , perhaps the top one billion , we probably could cut back and use less , but every year , this number , on average , is going to go up , and so , over all , that will more than double the services delivered per person .
in the rich world , in the upper billion , we might be able to do more strictly and less likely to use , but in the average , that number is going to climb every year and more than double the number of services per person .
in the rich world , in the upper billion , we might be able to take away and use less , but in average , this number is going to increase each year , and so that &apos;s more than double the number of people per person .

und dort werden sie auch von meinem allgemeinarzt abgerufen , damit er erkennen kann , wo mein gewichtsproblem liegt , und zwar nicht nur in dem moment , in dem ich kardiologische unterstützung oder so brauche , sondern auch mit einem blick in die vergangenheit .
and it &apos;s collected by my general practitioner as well , so he can see what &apos;s my problem in weight , not on the very moment that i need cardiologic support or something like it , but also looking backward .
and that &apos;s where you &apos;re going to go from my physician , so that it can recognize where my weight problem is , and it &apos;s not just in the moment that i need cardiac support , or something like that , but also with a glimpse in the past .
and there they &apos;re also being shaped by my common physician so that he can see where my problem is , and it &apos;s not only in the moment that i need cardiological support , or so i need for a look at the past .

also vor ein paar jahren habe ich ein programm gestartet um die stars in technik und design dazu zu bekommen , ein jahr auszeit zu nehmen und in einer umgebung zu arbeiten , die so ziemlich alles darstellt , was sie eigentlich hassen , wir haben sie in der regierung arbeiten lassen .
so a couple of years ago i started a program to try to get the rockstar tech and design people to take a year off and work in the one environment that represents pretty much everything they &apos;re supposed to hate ; we have them work in government .
so a few years ago , i started a program to get the stars into technology and design , to take a year off and work out in an environment , which is pretty much what they actually hate , we &apos;ve got them to work in the government .
so a couple of years ago , i started a program to get the stars in technology and design a year to work out a year and work in a environment , which is pretty much what they really hate , we have worked in the government .

also diese ganze diskussion , wie wird im moment hin- und herbewegt , energiewende , wie das gehen soll , auf der insel haben wir zum beispiel für fünfundzwanzig bis dreißig prozent exzessenergie , also wir müdsen den wind und die sonne abregeln .
so this whole discussion as to how things will be moved , the energy revolution , how to bring that about , on the island , for example , we have twenty-five-thirty percent excess energy , so we have to limit the wind and sun .
so this whole discussion , as is going to go down at the moment -- and energy , like this , is going to go to the island that we have , for example , the fifth five to three percent accuracy , so we need the wind and the sun .
so this whole discussion , as it &apos;s moving at the moment -- and it &apos;s moving energy , like the energy that we have on the island , for example , for five or three to three percent of the extent , so we have the wind and the sun .

und dann gibt es ein erinnerndes selbst , und das erinnernde selbst ist das , das mitzählt und die geschichte unseres lebens aufrecht erhält , und es ist dasjenige , das der arzt anspricht indem er die frage stellt : &quot; wie haben sie sich in letzter zeit gefühlt ? &quot;
and then there is a remembering self , and the remembering self is the one that keeps score , and maintains the story of our life , and it &apos;s the one that the doctor approaches in asking the question , &quot; how have you been feeling lately ? &quot;
and then there &apos;s a memorial of self , and the memory itself is itself , which is chosen , and the story of our life gets upright , and it &apos;s the one who speaks the doctor by asking the question , &quot; how did you feel in the last time ? &quot;
and then there &apos;s a memory of self , and the memory itself is the council , the council and the story of our life is right , and it &apos;s a doctor who talks about the doctor by saying , &quot; how do you feel in the last time ? &quot;

und während dieser ganzen zeit , werden sie kulturell in die werte ihrer gesellschaft eingeführt . werte , die die behauptung aufrechterhalten , dass ihre gebete und nur ihre gebete , die kosmische -- oder wir könnten sagen das ökologische -- gleichgewicht aufrechterhalten .
and for this entire time , they are inculturated into the values of their society , values that maintain the proposition that their prayers and their prayers alone maintain the cosmic -- or we might say the ecological -- balance .
and over the course of this period , you &apos;re going to have cultural values in your society , the values that hold your calculus , that your prayers and your prayers , just your prayers , your cosmic -- or we might say the ecological weight -- that &apos;s weight .
and while this whole time , you &apos;re going to bring cultural values into the values of your society , values , the claim that your committed and only your prayer , the covers , the cosmelled -- or we could say the ecological balance .

seit einiger zeit interessiere ich mich für den placebo-effekt . es mag merkwürdig erscheinen , dass sich ein magier dafür interessiert , es sei denn , sie betrachten es so wie ich , als &quot; eine täuschung , die zu etwas echtem wird , wenn jemand nur fest genug daran glaubt . &quot;
for some time i have been interested in the placebo effect , which might seem like an odd thing for a magician to be interested in , unless you think of it in the terms that i do , which is , &quot; something fake is believed in enough by somebody that it becomes something real . &quot;
for some time , i &apos;ve been interested in the placebo effect , and it may seem strange that a magician is interested in it , because it &apos;s like , you know , i think , as a &quot; deception &quot; is going to be a deception if somebody just believes enough on it . &quot;
for some time , i &apos;ve been interested in the placebo effect . it may seem strange that a magician is interested in it , because you look at it like it , &quot; as a disappointment that &apos;s going to be a little bit , if somebody believes enough . &quot;

aber in wahrheit , sehen wir es immer mehr und mehr , dass wenn sie bereit sind sich zu beschränken , und die unwichtigen gleichartigen möglichkeiten los werden , nun , dann gibt es einen anstieg der verkaufszahlen , es werden die kosten gesenkt , &amp; amp ; und es gibt eine verbesserung der entscheidungswahrnehmung .
but in fact , what we &apos;re seeing more and more is that if you are willing to cut , get rid of those extraneous redundant options , well there &apos;s an increase in sales , there &apos;s a lowering of costs , there is an improvement of the choosing experience .
but in fact , we see it more and more and more , if you &apos;re willing to go anywhere , and the most important opportunities are going to be unequal , now there &apos;s an increase in the numbers that are going to pay , and there &apos;s r &amp; amp ; d , and there &apos;s a improvement of success .
but in fact , we see it more and more and more that if you &apos;re willing to limited , and the unimportant opportunities will become uncertainty , now there &apos;s a rise of the sales , there &apos;s a level of numbers that are going to be the cost ; &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ;

und die erkenntnis von präsident lobo , war , dass die gewissheit der durchsetzung über die ich nachgedacht habe als einen weg die ausländischen investoren dazu zu bringen herzukommen und diese stadt zu bauen gleichbedeutend sein könnte für alle parteien in honduras , die seit vielen jahren unter angst und misstrauen leiden .
and the insight of president lobo was that that assurance of enforcement that i was thinking about as a way to get the foreign investors to come in and build the city could be equally important for all the different parties in honduras who had suffered for so many years from fear and distrust .
and the insight of president lobo was that the wisdom of the argument that i thought about as a way to get the foreign investors to come to the city and build this city meaningful capital for all the honoras in many years .
and the insight of president lobo was that the wisdom of the translation that i thought was thinking about as a way of getting the foreign investors to get this city and build this city , could be meaningful for all parties in parties that have been scared for many years and missed .

ich empfehle ihnen allen , steves buch zu lesen oder sich den film anzusehen , damit sie nicht nur die wunderbare verbundenheit verstehen , die zwischen diesen beiden männern entstanden ist , sondern auch , wie die musik diese verbindung herstellen half und wie sie schließlich das instrument war , wenn dieses wortspiel erlaubt ist , das mithalf , nathaniel weg von der straße zu kriegen .
i encourage all of you to read steve &apos;s book or to watch the movie to understand not only the beautiful bond that formed between these two men , but how music helped shape that bond , and ultimately was instrumental -- if you &apos;ll pardon the pun -- in helping nathaniel get off the streets .
i recommend you all to read steves book , or to see the movie , so you don &apos;t just understand the wonderful allies that have come between these two men , but also how the music helped this connection , and how it was , when this game is allowed to get away from the middle east to get away from the street .
i recommend all of you to read stephen book or watch the film , so you don &apos;t just understand the wonderful interconnectedness between these two men , but also how the music helped us , and how it was the instrument of creating this game , when this game allows us to get the thus to get away from the street .

das eigentlich schöne dabei ist , wenn man das tut , also landwirtschaft macht , biogas erzeugt , auf einem hektar land mit fünftausend einwohnern in favelas , kann damit ein bauer etwa eintausendfünfhundert dollar erwirtschaften und die anlage damit warten , hühner und schwein züchten und enten und gemüse und fische .
the nice thing about that is that when you do that , so when you practice agriculture , generate biogas , on one hectare of land with five thousand inhabitants in the favelas , a farmer can earn about one thousand five hundred dollars and maintain the plot with it , raise chickens and pigs and ducks and grow vegetables and farm fish .
in fact , the nice thing about this is , if you do that , agriculture , agriculture , biogas , makes it a hectar with fifth apartment in favelas in favelas so that it can take about a thousand dollars a hundred dollars and wait for it , and it makes the chickens and it burns and picks and vegetables and vegetables and vegetables .
so , in fact , the beautiful thing is , if you do this , agriculture is doing agriculture , bias , produces on a hectar country with a fifth of five occupations in favelas , so he can wait for about a hundred thousand dollars , and he &apos;s waiting for a hundred dollars , and he &apos;s waiting for a pig and a pig and vegetables .

vor einer woche , verlieh der national academy of engineering den draper prize für francis arnold und willem stemmer , zwei wissenschaftlern , die unabhängig voneinander techniken entwickelten die den natürlichen prozess der evolution dazu ermutigen , schneller zu arbeiten und zu wünschenswerte proteine zu führen in einer effizienteren weise - welches frances arnold &quot; direkte evolution &quot; nennt .
just a week ago , the national academy of engineering awarded its draper prize to francis arnold and willem stemmer , two scientists who independently developed techniques to encourage the natural process of evolution to work faster and to lead to desirable proteins in a more efficient way -- what frances arnold calls &quot; directed evolution . &quot;
one week ago , a week ago , the national academy of the national engineering collection for francis cnold and wilderness , two scientists , who developed the techniques to work together the natural process of the evolution , and widespread a remarkable proteins in a efficient francis called &quot; frankened evolution . &quot;
a week before a week ago , the national academy of america &apos;s engineering works for francis arnold and wilder wilder , two of the two scientists who have been teaching each other &apos;s natural technology to encourage the natural evolution of evolution to encourage faster and make proteins more efficient in an efficient way -- which is called the direct evolution of evolution .

eine riesenerfolgsgeschichte , aber auch da haben wir natürlich wieder das problem eines wachsenden unternehmens und wir haben dann zweitausendsechs , eine kleine gruppe , beschlossen , dass wir wieder klein anfangen und zurückgehen und uns dem nächsten thema der zukunft widmen und das heißt meines erachtens und unseres erachtens , es ist wieder gleich verrückt , das fängt wieder damit an , dass die leute sagen , was soll der quatsch , das geht alles nicht , wir reden von speichern .
a huge success story , but there too we have the problem of a growing company and then in two thousand and six , we , a small group , decided that we would start small again and go back and would dedicate ourselves to the next topic of the future , which , in my opinion , and in our opinion , and it &apos;s crazy again , it starts with people saying , what &apos;s this nonsense about , that won &apos;t work . i &apos;m talking about storage .
now , of course , we have the problem of entrepreneurs , and we have a huge , but we also have the problem of an entrepreneur , and then we have six little group , that we decided we &apos;re going to go back and go back and go back to the next theme of my future , and that &apos;s what &apos;s crazy , again , and again , that &apos;s what &apos;s going to happen again , and again , that people say , that &apos;s what &apos;s going to the problem with this is not going to talk about .
and then , of course , we have a huge amount of history , but again , again , we have the problem of a growing entrepreneurial problem , and then we have a little bit of six , a little bit of a small group that we &apos;re going to go back and start to the next thing , and the next thing is , and the next thing that we &apos;re going to say , this is the crazy thing we &apos;re not going to be talking about , we &apos;re not going to be talking about .

