die politik wird nach wie vor ihre rolle spielen .
politics will still play its role .
politics will continue to play its role .
politics will continue to play its role .

der irak ist im besitz von massenvernichtungswaffen ,
iraq possesses weapons of mass destruction ;
iraq is in possession of weapons of mass destruction ,
iraq is in possession of weapons of mass destruction ,

aber es kommen noch weitere kosten hinzu .
but the costs don &apos;t stop there .
but there are other costs to be added .
however , there will be further costs .

dies ist ein großer fehler .
this is a major mistake .
this is a great mistake .
this is a great mistake .

das ist viel schwieriger !
this is far more difficult !
that is much more difficult !
that is much more difficult !

wasser für alle
water for all
all water for all .
all water for all .

die zweite achse von werten betrifft soziale gerechtigkeit und die umwelt .
the second axis of values concerns social justice and the environment .
the second axis of values concerns social justice and the environment .
the second axis of values concerns social justice and the environment .

es gibt nun forderungen nach verbesserten tsunami-frühwarnsystemen .
there are now calls for improved tsunami early warning systems .
there are now demands for improved tsunami early warning systems .
there are now demands for improved tsunami early warning systems .

aber niemand kann sicher sein , dass beides funktionieren wird .
nobody can be sure that it will work either .
however , no one can be sure that both will work .
but nobody can be sure that both will work .

saddam husseins schreckensherrschaft geht zu ende .
saddam hussein &apos;s reign of terror is about to end .
saddam hussein is going to end .
saddam hussein is going to end up with a terrible regime .

tatsächlich ist dies vermutlich das geschäftsmodell der zukunft .
in fact , they are probably the commercial model of the future .
indeed , this is probably the business model of the future .
indeed , this is probably the business model of the future .

der achtzehnte brumaire des arnold schwarzenegger
the eighteenth brumaire of arnold schwarzenegger
the 1980s brother maire of the arnold black hole
the eighth anniversary of arnire of the arndo censorship

der private sektor und die zivilgesellschaft werden dabei natürlich zunehmend wichtigere partner der regierungen .
the private sector and civil society are , of course , increasingly important partners for governments .
the private sector and civil society will , of course , become increasingly important partners of the governments .
the private sector and civil society will , of course , become increasingly important partners of governments .

der vierte kriegsgrund wird wohl mit wilder propaganda auf beiden seiten einhergehen .
the fourth claim will be subject to wild propaganda on both sides .
the fourth cause of war is probably accompanied by wilful propaganda on both sides .
the fourth war is probably accompanied by wild propaganda on both sides .

klein gedruckte beipackzettel sind untauglich .
package inserts in fine print are useless ;
small printed prints are inseparable .
it is impossible for small prints to be printed .

während des kalten krieges war der sicherheitsrat hoffnungslos ohnmächtig .
during the cold war the security council was hopelessly paralyzed .
during the cold war , the security council was hopelessly powerless .
the security council was hopeless during the cold war .

damit derartige programme funktionieren , müssen die kinder jedoch auf den besuch der weiter führenden schulen vorbereitet sein .
for these programs to work , however , children must be ready to enter secondary education .
in order for such programmes to work , however , children must be prepared for the visit of the leading schools .
in order for such programmes to work , however , children must be prepared to visit the leading schools .

eine solche debatte sollte außerdem den bildungsbereich mit einschließen - seine regeln , ziele und inhalte .
such a debate should also involve education - its rules , objectives , and contents .
such a debate should also include education - its rules , objectives and content .
such a debate should also include the educational area - its rules , objectives and content .

bei letzterem ansatz werden langfristige , lebenswichtige ziele allzu oft kurzfristigen interessen geopfert .
this approach too often sacrifices long-term essential objectives to short-term concerns .
in the latter approach , long-term , important objectives of life are all too often sacrificed to short-term interests .
in the latter approach , long-term , important objectives are too often sacrificed for short-term interests .

langfristiger wirtschaftlicher fortschritt beruht in erster linie auf der erfindung und verbreitung verbesserter technologien .
long-term economic progress comes mainly from the invention and spread of improved technologies .
long-term economic progress is , first and foremost , based on the invention and dissemination of improved technologies .
long-term economic progress is primarily based on the invention and dissemination of improved technologies .

mein land polen hatte immer tiefe beziehungen zu anderen europäischen ländern , vor allem zu frankreich .
my country , poland , has always had deep cultural ties to other european countries , especially france .
my country , poland , has always had deep relations with other european countries , especially france .
my country , poland , has always had deep relations with other european countries , especially with france .

diese überlegungen sollten als leitfaden bei der entscheidung darüber dienen , was dem stabilitätspakt in europa nachfolgen soll .
these considerations should guide the choice of what will follow the stability pact in europe .
these considerations should be used as a guide in the decision on what to follow the stability pact in europe .
these considerations should serve as a guiding principle in the decision on what the stability pact should follow in europe .

was für die eu wirklich zählen sollte ist , dass die politik eines mitgliedslandes einem anderen nicht schadet .
what should matter for the eu is that the policies of any member state are not harmful to other members .
what really should be said for the eu is that the policy of a member state does not harm another country .
what the eu really should count is that the policy of one member state does not harm another .

&quot; europa &quot; ist eine antwort der realisten auf die globalisierung und die von ihr ausgehenden herausforderungen .
the european project is a realist &apos;s response to globalization and its challenges .
&apos;europe &apos; is a response to realism on globalisation and the challenges it faces .
&apos; europe &apos; is a response to the realism of globalisation and the challenges that they face .

manche betrachten ihn als verteidiger der armen , andere als einen kritiker der befreiungstheologie .
some see a defender of the poor , others a critic of liberation theology .
some see it as a defender of the poor , others as a critics of liberology .
some see it as a defenders of the poor , others as a critics of liberation .

sein scheitern könnte allerdings in ein horrorszenario münden , das sich wohl niemand wünschen würde .
failure , however , offers such a horrific prospect that no one can possibly hope for it .
however , its failure could be in a horrifying scenario which nobody would wish to see .
however , its failure could be a terrible scenario , which no one would like .

so spiegeln die heutigen haushaltsdefizite langfristige probleme wieder , die in der keynesianischen theorie nicht vorgesehen waren .
indeed , today &apos;s budget deficits reflect long-term problems that are not what keynesian theory envisions .
today &apos;s budget deficits reflect long-term problems , which were not provided for in the keynesian theory .
today &apos;s budget deficits are reflected in long-term problems which were not provided for in the keynean theory .

um ihn herum standen bis zu den zähnen bewaffnete wachen . er bekräftigte jedoch energisch die absicht zur demokratisierung .
guards armed to the teeth surrounded him , yet he firmly supported the notion of democratization .
however , in order to keep it up to the list of armed forces , he strongly confirmed the intention of democratisation .
however , in order to keep it up to the list of armed forces , it strongly confirmed the intention to democratisation .

insbesondere sollte der deutsch-französische &quot; motor &quot; europas nicht als potenzieller rivale der usa angesehen werden .
in particular , the franco-german &quot; engine &quot; of europe should not be seen as a potential rival to the us .
in particular , the german engine &apos; driving force &apos; europe should not be regarded as potential rivalry in the united states .
in particular , the german &apos; french &apos; engine &apos; should not be regarded as a potential ride of the united states .

die haushaltspolitische karte ist ausschlaggebend , wenn es um die entscheidung geht , welche wählergruppe gekauft werden soll .
the fiscal card is critical in choosing which groups of voters to buy .
the budget card is crucial when it comes to the decision to which the electorate should be bought .
the budgetary card is crucial when it comes to the decision to buy the electorate .

inwieweit defizite zukünftige generationen benachteiligen oder nicht , hängt vom steuer- und ausgabensystem des jeweiligen staates ab .
whether or not deficits treat future generations properly depends on how a government &apos;s systems for taxation and expenditure are designed .
the extent to which the deficits of future generations are disadvantaged or not depends on the tax and expenditure system of the state in question .
the extent to which the deficits of future generations are disadvantaged or not dependent on the tax and expenditure system of the respective state .

was auch immer für ein licht am ende scheint , es wird unter umständen erst 2007 erstrahlen , nach den französischen wahlen .
in the end , whatever light there is , it may not shine until 2007 , after the french elections .
whatever seems to be the end of a light , it will , under circumstances , only be radiation in 2007 , after the french elections .
what always seems to be a light in the light of the fact that it is only in 2007 , after the french elections .

letzten endes wird der langfristige ansatz wahrscheinlich ein regelgebundenes system , ein anreizsystem sowie investitionen in technologische veränderungen einschließen .
at the end of the day , the long-term approach is likely to include a rules-based system , an incentives system , and investments in technology change .
at the end of the day , the long-term approach will probably include a regulatory system , an incentive system and investment in technological changes .
at the end of the day , the long-term approach will probably include a regulatory system , an incentive system and investment in technological changes .

und der dritte ist eine folge unserer medienkultur und ihrer fixierung darauf , den ereignissen ein &quot; gesicht &quot; zu geben .
and the third is the result of our media culture , obsessed as it is with putting a &quot; face &quot; to events .
the third is a consequence of our media culture and its fixation to give rise to a &apos; face &apos; .
and the third result of our media culture and its fixation is to give the events a &apos; face &apos; .

sie braucht figuren , mit denen sie sich identifizieren kann , die sie sofort erkennt und denen sie vor allem anderen vertraut .
they need figures with whom they can identify , immediately recognize , and , above all , trust .
it needs them to identify with which they can identify immediately and which they are familiar with , above all others .
it needs them , with whom it can identify , which they recognise immediately and which they are particularly familiar with others .

die prinzipien der demokratie , der sozialen gerechtigkeit und solidarität und der rechtsverbindlichkeit müssen sich über die nationalen grenzen hinweg erstrecken .
principles of democracy , social justice , social solidarity , and the rule of law need to be extended beyond national boundaries .
the principles of democracy , social justice and solidarity and the legally binding nature of the rule of law must be extended beyond national borders .
the principles of democracy , social justice and solidarity and legal obligations must be extended beyond national borders .

das schrumpfen der steuereinnahmen und der anstieg bei den ausgaben vergrößern das haushaltsdefizit , aber auf eine gesunde und nützliche weise .
the fall in taxes and the rise in spending do widen the budget deficit , but in a healthy and useful way .
the fall in tax revenue and the increase in expenditure increases the budget deficit , but in a healthy and useful way .
the rate of tax revenue and the increase in expenditure increases the budgetary deficit , but in a healthy and useful way .

eine andere wichtige aufgabe ist es , länder zu unterstützen , die in gewalt versunken sind und den langsamen prozess der erholung einzuleiten .
another is to assist countries that have collapsed into violence to begin the slow process of recovery .
another important task is to support countries that are in force in violence and to initiate the slow process of recovery .
another important task is to support countries that are in violence and to launch the slow process of recovery .

die un-generalversammlung sollte dies berücksichtigen , wenn sie nun damit beginnt , die doktrin der &quot; schutzverantwortung &quot; zu kodifizieren .
the un general assembly should keep this in mind as it starts to codify the doctrine of the &quot; responsibility to protect . &quot;
the un general assembly should take this into account if it is now beginning to codify the docages in the &apos; protection responsibility &apos; .
the un general assembly should take this into account if it is now beginning to codify the doctrine in the &apos; protection responsibility &apos; .

die kleinen zulieferer , die ihnen tatsächlich 80 % der wertschöpfung und innovation liefern , erhalten lediglich 20 % des preises .
the small suppliers actually provide you with 80 % of the value and innovation but only receive 20 % of the reward .
the small suppliers , who actually supply 80 % of the added value and innovation , receive only 20 % of the price .
the small suppliers who actually supply them 80 % of value added value and innovation receive only 20 % of the price .

möchten sie wissen , welcher videoclip bald den entscheidungsträgern auf der ganzen welt einen ungeheuren schrecken einjagen wird ?
do you want to know which video clip will soon be scaring the daylights out of policymakers throughout the world ?
do you want to know how video lip will soon become an enormous horror on the whole of the world ?
do you want to know what videque lip will soon bring an enormous horse to the decision-makers throughout the world ?

betrachten wir das beispiel deutschland , wo einige führungsmitglieder der oppositionellen cdu sich danach sehnen , die regierung schröder aus dem amt zu jagen .
consider germany , where some leaders of the opposition christian democrats yearn to sink the schröder government .
let us look at the example of germany , where some leaders of the opposition members of the cis are following the fact that the government of schröder is in office .
let us look at the example of germany , where some of the leaders of the opposition cis looking after the government of schröder from the office .

manchmal möchten parlamente schnell handeln , und müssen es vielleicht auch , aber in der regel nehmen sie sich die zeit , um die anstehenden fragen vollständig zu erörtern .
sometimes parliaments wish to act quickly , and perhaps must do so , but as a rule they take enough time to examine issues fully .
sometimes , parliaments want to act quickly , and perhaps also , but they generally take the time to discuss the issues to be dealt with in full .
sometimes parliaments want to act quickly , and it may also have to take time , but in the rule they are taking the time to discuss the issues that are going on in full .

das ist auch die eigentliche bedeutung des wortes solidarität , wie es im lexikon definiert ist : einheit aufgrund von gefühlen und sympathien .
this is the very meaning of the word &quot; solidarity , &quot; as defined in the oxford english dictionary : &quot; unity resulting from feelings and sympathies . &quot;
this is also the real importance of the word solidarity , as defined in lexikon : unity based on feelings and sympathy .
this is also the real importance of the word solidarity , as defined in lexikon : unity due to feeling and sympathy .

dies ist der grund , warum sie ihre unpopulärsten maßnahmen im ersten regierungsjahr durchführen und mit nahen der kommenden wahl zurückhaltender agieren sollten .
this is why they should commit their cruelest deeds in the first year and soften up as the next election approaches .
this is the reason why they should carry out their unpopular measures in the first year of government and act with the next election .
this is the reason why they carry out their unpopular measures in the first government year and should act in the near future with the next election .

wer glaubt , wir seien dabei , ein europa aufzubauen , das mit amerika rivalisiert , hat sich nicht angemessen mit den tatsachen vertraut gemacht .
anyone who thinks we are building a european rival to america has not looked properly at the facts .
anyone who believes that we are building a europe that is ripe with america has not been adequately familiar with the facts .
anyone who believes that we should build a europe that is ride with america has not been properly familiar with the facts .

im regelfall sind volksabstimmungen ein maß der beliebtheit eines politischen führers zu einem bestimmten zeitpunkt , unabhängig davon , worum es dabei geht .
as a rule however , referenda measure the popularity of political leaders at a particular moment , regardless of the issue at stake .
in the regulatory case , referendums are a measure of a political leader at a certain time , regardless of what is at stake .
in the real case , referendums are a measure of the nature of a political leader at a certain time , regardless of what is happening .

in dem maße , in dem demokratien reifen , gehen sie vermehrt dazu über , die meinungen zu handhaben , und in vielen fällen sogar sie zu formen .
as democracies mature they become ever more practiced at managing opinion , and in many cases , at shaping opinion .
in the extent to which democracies are typified , they are going more to have opinions and , in many cases , even to form them .
in that way , in the democracies , they go more than to have opinions , and in many cases they are even to form .

dieser trend setzt die volkswirtschaften der beitrittsländer genau den risiken von kapitalflussumkehr und währungskrisen aus , die man mit einer frühzeitigen euroeinführung vermeiden wollte .
this trend exposes candidate countries &apos; real economies to precisely the risk of a capital flow reversal and currency crisis that early euro adoption was meant to eliminate .
this trend sets out the economies of the candidate countries exactly the risks of capital consumption and monetary crises that they wanted to avoid with early eurointroduction .
this trend puts the economies of the candidate countries at the same time at the risk of capital deflation and currency crises which would have to be avoided with early euro introduction .

in deutschland ist kanzlerin angela merkel europa gegenüber deutlich positiver und reform bejahender als ihr vorgänger , aber sie ist an eine große koalition gebunden .
in germany , chancellor angela merkel is obviously more positive on europe and more pro-reform than her predecessor , but she is tied up in a grand coalition .
in germany , chancellor merkel in angela merkel has a clear positive and positive reform than her predecessor , but it is bound by a large coalition .
in germany , chancellor , in angela merkel , europe is much more positive and more positive than her predecessor , but she is committed to a great coalition .

das ist ein trauriger ausklang einer präsidentschaft , die vor sechs monaten mit blairs behauptung , er sei ein &quot; leidenschaftlicher europäer &quot; begann .
it is a sad conclusion to a presidency , launched six-months ago , with blair &apos;s claim that he was a &quot; passionate pro-european &quot; .
this is a sad presidency that began six months ago with blaming that he was a &apos; passionate europeans &apos; .
this is a sad term of a presidency which , six months ago , said that he was a &apos; passionate europeans &apos; .

amerika hat herz und verstand der bewohner des irak nicht für sich gewonnen ; es hat sie ebenso verloren wie herz und verstand vieler menschen in der ganzen welt .
america has not won the hearts and minds of those in iraq ; indeed , it has lost them , just as it has lost the hearts and minds of much of the world .
america has not won the heart of the inhabitants of iraq ; it has lost as much as it has lost the heart of many people throughout the world .
america has a heart and sun of the inhabitants of iraq ; it has lost it as much as the heart of many people throughout the world .

eine klare struktur formaler regeln ist das beste gegenmittel gegen solche fehler , da sie die ungeschriebenen sitten untermauern , von denen so viel für die gesellschaft abhängt .
a clear structure of formal rules is the best antidote to these flaws , for they bolster the informal customs on which so much in society depends .
a clear structure of formal rules is the best counteract against such errors , as it underpins the undescribed sits , which depend so much on society .
a clear structure of formal rules is the best way of countering such errors , as it underpins the undescribed chains , which depend so much on society .

die metapher des spieles - mit seinen spielregeln und mitspielern - verführt viele dazu , in vorstellungen des wettkampfs unter den nationen zu denken .
the metaphor of a game--with rules and participants--leads many to think in terms of a competition between nations .
the metapes of the toys - with its rules of the game and players - result in many people thinking in ideas of competition among the nations .
the metapt of the game - with its rules of play and players - leads many to thinking in the ideas of the race under the nations .

wir müssen dieses problem erkennen und angehen , um alteingesessene demokratien davon abzuhalten zu schrumpfen , und neuen demokratien zu helfen , noch wirksamer zu werden .
we must recognize and confront this problem to prevent established democracies from atrophying and to help new democracies become more effective .
we need to recognise this problem and address it in order to prevent old democracies from losing out of it and help new democracies to become even more effective .
we need to recognise this problem and address the issue in order to prevent old democracies from going on , and to help new democracies to become even more effective .

wenn staatsoberhäupter mit festgesetzten amtszeiten ihre politische unterstützung verlieren , können sie nicht mit einem misstrauensvotum beseitigt werden , wie in parlamentarischen systemen .
when chief executives with fixed terms of office lose political support , they cannot be removed through a no-confidence vote , as in parliamentary systems .
if the heads of state are losing their political support with established times , they cannot be eliminated with a vote of censure , as in parliamentary systems .
if heads of state or government are losing their political support , they cannot be removed with a vote of confidence , as in parliamentary systems .

während des vergangenen jahrzehnts hatte die deutsche volkswirtschaft das niedrigste wachstum in der europäischen union , und europa war der kontinent mit der langsamsten wirtschaftsentwicklung weltweit .
over the last decade , germany has been the slowest growing economy in the european union , and europe has been the slowest growing continent in the world .
over the past decade , the german economy had the lowest growth in the european union , and europe was the continent with the longer-term economic development in the world .
over the past decade , the german economy had the lowest growth in the european union , and europe was the continent with the slow economic development of the world .

allerdings war die nachkriegsära in den am weitesten entwickelten ländern der welt für die sich nun der pensionierung nähernde babyboom-generation eine zeit nie da gewesenen wohlstands .
but the post-war era in the world &apos;s most developed countries was one of unprecedented prosperity for the baby boom generation , which is now nearing retirement .
however , the post-war era in the most developed countries in the world for which the retirement of baby boom-generation has now become a time of unprecedented prosperity .
however , the post-war era in the most developed countries in the world has now been a time of never having a wealth of prosperity that has been created for the elderly .

eine möglichkeit diese kluft zu überwinden wäre die einführung eines menschenrechtskapitels in der uno-charta und die neuformulierung von kapitel iv , das sich der anwendung von gewalt in internationalen beziehungen widmet .
one way to overcome this chasm is to introduce into the un charter a new chapter devoted to human rights and to reformulate chapter iv , which concerns the use of force in international relations .
an opportunity to overcome this gap would be the introduction of a human rights chapter in the un charter and the rewording of chapter iv , which deals with the application of violence in international relations .
a way of overcoming this gap would be to introduce a human rights chapter in the un charter and the rewording of chapter iv , which addresses the application of violence in international relations .

uno-soldaten sollten nicht die folgen der fehler tragen , die amerika bei der bewirtschaftung der besetzten gebiete gemacht hat ; daher sollten die rufe der usa nach finanzieller unterstützung auf taube ohren stoßen .
un soldiers should not bear the consequence of america &apos;s failure to manage the occupation , so us cries for financial help should fall on deaf ears .
un soldiers should not bear the consequences of the errors that america has made in the management of the occupied territories ; therefore , the united states &apos;s call for financial support should be given to deaf ears .
un soldiers should not bear the consequences of the errors that america has made in the management of the occupied territories ; that is why the united states calls for financial support to be found .

sollte die zusätzliche &quot; erderwärmungssteuer &quot; $ 0,05 pro gallone , $ 0,50 pro gallone oder $ 1,50 pro gallone betragen ?
should the extra &quot; global warming &quot; tax be $ 0.05 a gallon , $ 0.50 a gallon , or $ 1.50 a gallon ?
should the additional &apos; heat tax &apos; 0.05 per gallone , 0.50 per gallone per gallone or 1.50 per gallone ?
should the additional &apos; recovery tax &apos; be &apos; 0.05 per gallone per gallone , 0.50 per gallone or 1.50 per cent per gallone ?

zweitens : selbst wenn sie in konzerte gehen wollten , bekommen sie keine karten , da abonnements oft über jahre in den händen der gleichen konzertbesucher bleiben .
second , even if they do want to go , they may not be able to get seats , which often are not available because subscriptions stay in the same hands year after year .
secondly , even if you wanted to go into concessions , you have no cards , because abonres often remain in the hands of the same groups .
secondly , even if they wanted to go into concessions , they do not receive cards , because aboning often remain in the hands of the same groups for years .

das internationale finanzsystem nach dem zweiten weltkrieg wurde konzipiert , um gegen die gefahren solcher internationalen finanzkrisen gewappnet zu sein . warum aber kehrten diese schreckgespenster der finanzpolitik zurück ?
but if those who built the post-world war ii international monetary system worked to guard against the dangers posed by panic-driven international financial crises , why are these financial devils back ?
the international financial system was set up after the second world war , in order to combat the dangers of such international financial crises , but why did these terrible gestures of the financial policy return ?
the international financial system after the second world war was set up in order to combat the dangers of such international financial crises , but why did these terrible financial policies return ?

die sichtbaren beugemuster - intensitäten und positionen der jeweiligen reflexionen - liefern allerdings nur die hälfte jener daten , die man benötigt , um die struktur des beugenden objekts zu bestimmen .
but the observable diffraction pattern--the intensities and positions of the individual reflections--represents only half of the data needed to deduce the structure of the diffracting object .
however , only half of the data needed to determine the structure of the exploitation of the objects - intensity and positions of the respective reflection regions - provides for the only half of the data needed to determine the structure of the objective objective .
however , only half of the data needed to determine the structure of the exploitation of exploitation , intensive and positions of the respective reflection regions - but only half of those data that are needed to determine the structure of the exclusive objective .

unterschiedliche politikansätze - maßgeschneidert für lokale , regionale und internationale gegebenheiten - werden erforderlich sein , um den herausforderungen zu begegnen , die nordkorea , der iran , syrien oder andere länder darstellen .
different policies-tailored for local , regional , and international realities-will be needed to meet the challenges posed by north korea , iran , syria , or elsewhere .
different political rates - alleged for local , regional and international circumstances - will be necessary to meet the challenges facing north korea , iran , syria or other countries .
different policies are needed , in order to meet the challenges facing north korea , iran , syria or other countries .

kurz vor dem jetzigen irakkrieg sprach larry lindsey , ökonom der bush-administration , von kriegskosten zwischen 100 bis 200 milliarden dollar . andere offizielle regierungsvertreter dementierten dies umgehend .
shortly before the current iraq war , when bush administration economist larry lindsey suggested that the costs might range between $ 100 and $ 200 billion , other officials quickly demurred .
just before the current war in iraq , larry lindsey , the bush administration of the bush administration , spoke about war costs between 100 to 200 billion dollars , and other official government representatives immediately held this .
just before the current iraq war , larry lindsey , economist of the bush administration , from war costs between 100 to 200 billion dollars , other official government representatives of dementia immediately .

das wachstum war in weiten teilen der welt im letzten vierteljahrhundert langsamer als in den 25 jahren zuvor , trotz des schnelleren wachstums in ostasien , indien und einigen anderen ländern .
growth in much of the world during the past quarter-century has been slower than in the previous 25 years , despite more rapid growth in east asia , india , and a few other countries .
in many parts of the world , growth has been more slow in the last four century than in the 25 years before , despite the faster growth in ostasy , india and some other countries .
growth has been slow in large parts of the world in the last four century than in the 25 years before , despite the faster growth in east asia , india and some other countries .

in charles dickens großartigem roman &quot; a <unk> carol &quot; wird der erbarmungslose geschäftsmann ebeneezer scrooge am weihnachtsabend von einem geist aus der vergangenheit heimgesucht .
in charles dicken &apos;s great novel &quot; a christmas carol , &quot; the soulless businessman ebeneezer scrooge is tormented by a visit from the spirit of christmas past .
in charles dickneroman roman , the eruption of mr carol is hit by a spirit of the past .
in charles dickling roman , a carol will be affected by a spirit from the past on the christmas evening .

eine umgehende stationierung einer angemessenen zivil- und sicherheitspräsenz während der monate unmittelbar nach der bombenkampagne der nato 1999 hätte möglicherweise geeignete schutzmechanismen gegen jene gegenreaktion geschaffen , die opfer zu tätern werden ließ .
an immediate deployment of an adequate civilian and security presence during the months immediately after the end of the 1999 nato bombing campaign might well have provided suitable protective mechanisms against the backlash that allowed victims to become victimizers .
a redeployment of an appropriate civil and security broadcast during the months immediately after the nato bombings campaign in 1999 , could have created appropriate protection mechanisms against those who have been victims .
a redeployment of an appropriate civil and security broadcast during the months immediately after the nato bombings campaign in 1999 could have created appropriate protection mechanisms against the counterpart of the victims .

kurz gesagt , wenn wir reichen der welt heute gegenüber unseren wesentlich reicheren nachfahren geizig sind und wenn wir es ihnen überlassen möchten , unsere umweltverschmutzung zu beseitigen , sollten wir den armen der welt gegenüber freigiebig sein .
in short , if the world &apos;s rich are stingy today toward our much richer descendants , and if we want to leave our environmental mess to them to deal with , we should be lavish toward the world &apos;s poor .
in short , if we are much more rich in the world today than we are today , and if we want to leave it to you to eliminate our pollution , we should be free to the poor of the world .
in short , if we are far more rich in the world today towards our much rivers , and if we want to leave it to you to remove our environmental pollution , we should be free to the poor in the world .

unglücklicherweise liefert die sturheit der ezb und der europäischen kommission nun munition für populistische regierungen in den beitrittsländern . sie zählen auf eine währungsaufwertung , wodurch sie der mit der euroeinführung verbundenen haushaltsdisziplin entkommen könnten .
unfortunately , the stubbornness of the ecb and the european commission is now providing ammunition to populist governments in accession countries that are counting on currency appreciation to escape the fiscal discipline that adopting the euro would imply .
unfortunately , the storm of the ecb and the european commission is now providing amicably for populist governments in the candidate countries , and they are counting on monetary value , which could disrupt the budgetary discipline associated with the introduction of euro .
unfortunately , the european commission and the european commission are now offering amicable amicacy for populist governments in the candidate countries , and they are counting on a currency devaluation , which would enable them to get out of the budgetary discipline associated with the introduction of eurobudgetary discipline .

vom währungsrisiko befreit , verlangten internationale anleger von diesen ländern nun keinen risikoaufschlag mehr , sondern waren bereit , ihnen finanzmittel zu denselben günstigen bedingungen zur verfügung zu stellen , die zuvor deutschland vorbehalten waren .
freed from exchange-rate risk , international investors no longer demanded a risk premium from these countries and were willing to provide funds to all of them under the same favorable conditions that previously had been reserved for germany .
it is now no longer possible for these countries to liberate themselves from the monetary risk , to release international investors from these countries , but to provide them with the same favourable conditions that were previously reserved for germany .
it is now no longer possible to release international investors from these countries , but they were prepared to provide them with the same favourable conditions that were previously reserved for germany .

für die syrer war ein demokratischer , den usa freundlich gesinnter irak immer viel bedrohlicher als saddam hussein -- der feind , den sie kannten und mit dem sie später , während der internationalen sanktionen gegen den irak , gewinnträchtig handel trieben .
for the syrians , a democratic iraq friendly to the us was always far worse than saddam hussein , the enemy they knew -- and later profitably traded with -- during the years of international sanctions against iraq .
for the syrians , a democratic , friendly iraq has always been much more threatening than saddam hussein - the enemy she said , and with which she was later , during international sanctions against iraq , profitable trade .
for the syrians , a democratic , user-friendly iraq has always been much more threatened than saddam hussein - the enemy you identified and with you later , during the international sanctions against iraq , profitable trade .

es war ein tragisches paradoxon , dass die politische bewegung , die 1989 in china so friedlich einzug hielt , mit dem stopp jenes breit angelegten , evolutionären reformprozesses endete , dem zhao sein leben widmete .
it was a tragic paradox that the political movement that so peacefully swept china in 1989 ended up arresting the process of broad-based , evolutionary reform to which zhao consecrated his life .
it was a tragic paradoxical paradox that the political movement that was so peaceful in 1989 in china , with the end of this broad , broad reform process , which was the zhao of his life .
it was a tragic paradoxical paradox that the political movement that took place in 1989 in china so peaceful , with the end of the broad , advanced process of reform , which took place in zhao .

1927 kehrte bernal als dozent für strukturkristallographie nach cambridge zurück und wurde 1931 zum stellvertretenden forschungsleiter der abteilung für kristallographie ernannt , die damals zum caven<unk> laboratory gehörte .
bernal moved back to cambridge as a lecturer in structural crystallography in 1927 , and in 1931 was promoted to assistant director of research in crystallography , by then a sub-department of the cavendish laboratory .
in 1927 , berries were revoked as an integral part of structural encryption after cambridge , and was appointed in 1931 to the deputy research department of cryptic pornography , which was at the time the cavenice laboratory .
in 1927 , bernaire , as a source of structural funds , was returned to camera , and was appointed in 1931 to the deputy head of the research department for cristant grams , who was at the time a victim of cavened laboratory laboratory .

nur wenn die löhne nach unten angepasst werden , um dem neuen internationalen umfeld gerecht zu werden , können die deutschen arbeitnehmer wieder konkurrenzfähig werden . nur dann kann das land zu einem höheren beschäftigungsniveau zurückkehren , bei dem seine arbeitskraft vollständig genutzt wird .
only if wages adjust downward to accommodate the new international environment can german workers become competitive again , so that the country returns to a higher employment level , exploiting its human capital up to the capacity constraint .
only if wages are adapted to the bottom up , in order to meet the new international environment , the german workers can be competitive again , and only then can the country return to a higher level of employment , where its labour force is fully used .
only if wages are adapted to the bottom line in order to meet the new international environment can the german workers be able to compete again , but only then can the country return to a higher level of employment in which its labour force is fully used .

wie alexander solschenizyn neigt auch der papst zur ansicht , dass es vor allem der widerstand gegen den totalitarismus sei , durch den der mensch wahrhaftig frei werde und die grundlegenden werte der zivilisation bewahre .
like alexander solzhenitsyn , the pope tends to believe that it was above all in resistance to totalitarianism that man could become truly free and preserve the fundamental values of civilization .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the pope also believes that , above all , the opposition to totalitarianism , which will be free to the human being , and that the fundamental values of civilisation are true .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the pope also believes that it is above all the opposition to totalitarianism , which the people are really free and the fundamental values of civilisation .

in fragen wie dem terrorismus , der verbreitung von massenvernichtungswaffen , im iran , in afghanistan ( wo wir gemeinsam die zukünftige armee des landes ausbilden ) und in afrika ( wo französische initiativen mit amerikanischer unterstützung vor kurzem zu einer erfolgreichen stabilierung der elfenbeinküste und des kongo führten ) sprechen europa und die usa mit einer stimme .
on issues such as terrorism , weapons proliferation , iran , afghanistan ( where we jointly train the country &apos;s future army ) , and africa ( where french initiatives with american support recently succeeded in stabilizing côte d &apos;ivoire and congo ) , europe and the us speak with a common voice .
on issues such as terrorism , the spread of weapons of mass destruction , in iran , in afghanistan ( where we are together creating the future army of the country ) and in africa ( where french initiatives with american support recently talk about a successful success of the ivory coast and congo ) and the united states agree with one voice .
in matters such as terrorism , the spread of weapons of mass destruction , in iran , in afghanistan ( where we are together creating the future army of the country ) and in africa ( where french initiatives with american support recently talk about a successful recovery of the ivory coast and the congo ) europe and the united states with one voice .

er beschrieb seine erfolglosen versuche gut strukturierte röntgenbeugemuster von kristallen des proteins pepsin zu erhalten . schließlich wandte er sich an bernal mit der bitte , ob er ihm helfen könnte , kristalle von anderen proteinen zu bekommen .
describing his unsuccessful attempts to obtain well-ordered x-ray diffraction patterns from crystals of the protein pepsin , he wondered whether bernal could help obtain crystals of other proteins .
he wrote his unsuccessful attempts to obtain a well-structured exploitation of ivorce of all corn of the protein of a pepsin , and finally he was going to look at the berry with the request that he could help him to get all the other protein .
he called for his unsuccessful attempts to obtain well-structured horses of cryption of all the protein pepsin , and , finally , he asked him to be able to help him to get everyone from other protein .

in derartigen demokratien ohne demokraten sind , , menschenrechte &quot; ein schwierigeres thema als formale verfahren , denn menschenrechte werden nicht als , , rechte &quot; im juristischen sinn verstanden , sondern eher als eine art gewissensbisse oder auch als geschenke , die man im austausch für etwas gleichwertiges verteilt .
in such democracies without democrats , &quot; human rights &quot; are more problematic to discuss than procedural formalities , because they are not thought of as &quot; rights &quot; in the legal sense , but merely as pangs of conscience , or else as gifts to be exchanged for something else of value .
human rights are a more difficult issue than a formal procedure , because human rights are not understood as &apos; rights in the legal sense , but rather as a kind of conscience or also as a giant that is distributed in exchange for something equivalent .
human rights are not democratic in such democracies without democrats , human rights are a more difficult subject than formal procedures , because human rights will not be understood as , &apos; rights in the legal sense &apos; , but rather as a kind of conscience or as a gift that is distributed in exchange for something equivalent .

ebenso belaufen sich die zahlungen beim tod eines soldaten auf nur 500.000 dollar , ein betrag , der ebenfalls weit unter den üblichen schätzungen ( zwischen 6,1 und 6,5 millionen dollar ) für die langfristigen ökonomischen kosten eines todesfalls , dem so genannten wert eines statistischen lebens , liegt .
similarly , payments for those who are killed amount to only $ 500,000 , which is far less than standard estimates of the lifetime economic cost of a death , sometimes referred to as the statistical value of a life ( $ 6.1 to $ 6.5 million ) .
as well as the payments made in the death of a soldiers to only eur 500 000 dollars , a sum which is also far below the usual estimates ( between 6.1 and 6.5 million dollars ) for the long-term economic cost of death , which is the value of a statistical life .
just as the payments in the death of a soldiers amount to only 500 000 dollars , a sum which is also far below the usual estimates ( between 6.1 and 6.5 million dollars ) for the long-term economic cost of death , which is the so-called value of a statistical life .

dies gibt ihnen das gefühl , beteiligt zu sein . aber , wie mir ein freund mit erfahrungen in solchen angelegenheiten sagte , der schlüssel liegt schlussendlich darin , dass alle eingegangenen anmerkungen übergangen und der bericht so geschrieben wird , als hätte es keine web site und keine beiträge geben .
this promotes a sense of participation , but as a friend , seasoned in such matters , informed me , the key in the end is to ignore all the comments received and to write up the report as if there were no web site and no participation .
as a friend said in such matters , the key is finally to overturn all the comments made and the report is written in such a way that there would have been no financial contribution and no contributions .
but , as a friend has said in such matters , the key is that all the comments that have been made and the report will be written in such a way that there would have been no internet and no contributions , as i said by a friend with experience in such matters .

zwar unterscheidet sich der schutz gegen raketen , von bill clinton ( zögerlich ) und von george w. bush ( enthusiastisch ) propagiert -- mit massiver unterstützung durch den amerikanischen kongress -- , von ronald reagans zwanzig jahre altem star-wars-traum : die nationale raketenabwehr ( national missile defense , nmd ) soll nur eine bescheidene zahl von gefechtsköpfen umfassen und keinen umfassenden schutz gegen feindliche raketen bieten .
true , the defense against missiles which bill clinton ( reluctantly ) and george w. bush ( enthusiastically ) are proposing -- with massive support from america &apos;s congress -- is different from ronald reagan &apos;s star wars dream of twenty years ago : nmd is supposed to catch only a modest number of warheads , not provide complete protection against enemy missiles .
although the protection against missile missiles is different from the protection against missiles , from clinton ( hesitant ) and from george bush ( noble ) - with massive support from the american congress - from mr reagos reagoed 20 years of start-up dream : national missile missiles ( national shield ) , only a modest number of anti-missiles are to be covered by the united states congress and offer no comprehensive protection against missile missiles .
mr president , although it is quite different that the protection against missiles , from clinton ( hesitant ) and by george bush , mr bush , is encouraging - with massive support from the us congress - from the american congress , anreagans of 20 years &apos; serb dream : national missile missile defence ( national defence , defenceless , md ) is only intended to cover a modest number of bees and not to protect the anti-missile missile missiles .

sharon hat sich in seinem land zu einer figur entwickelt , der die menschen fast so etwas wie ehrfurcht entgegen bringen , und große teile der westlichen öffentlichkeit glauben , dass sein ausscheiden aus der politik einen potenziell tödlichen schlag für jede hoffnung politischen fortschritts in der region darstellt -- selbst wenn er in großen teilen der arabischen und muslimischen welt verhasst bleibt .
he has become a nearly revered figure in his country , and large segments of western public opinion believe that his political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region , even as he remains hated in large parts of the arab and muslim world .
in his country , sharon has developed in a country , the people of europe have been as honest as they are , and large sections of the western public believe that a policy of potentially killing political progress in the muslim region , even if there are large parts of the arab world , will be of great fear .
in his country , sharon has developed in its own country to a degree of fear , which is almost honest , and believe that large parts of the western public believe that their policy is a terrible step forward for any political progress in the region itself - even if it remains in large parts of the arab world , in large parts of the arab world .

