die meisten europäer betrachten amerika als starken freund .
most europeans see in america a strong friend .
most europeans regard america as a strong friend .
most europeans regard america as a strong friend .

schauen sie sich die vereinigten staaten an !
consider the united states .
look at the united states !
look at the united states !

der revolutionäre konservative papst
the revolutionary conservative pope
revolutionary conservative pope
revolutionary conservative pope

einkommensungleichheiten werfen lange schatten .
income inequality casts a long shadow .
for a long time , there have been a long shadow of income inequalities .
there is a long shadow of income inequalities .

arzneimittelsicherheit ernst nehmen
taking drug safety seriously
the safety of medicines is serious .
medicines safety is taking seriously .

aber selbst dieses beschränkte ziel wird nicht leicht zu erreichen sein .
even this limited goal may not be easy to achieve .
but even this limited objective will not be easy to achieve .
but even this limited objective will not be easy to achieve .

das erste argument wird wohl am einfachsten nachzuprüfen sein .
the first claim should be the easiest to verify .
the first argument will probably be the most simple one .
the first argument will probably be the most simple one .

kein mensch behauptet , dass man naturgewalten verändern kann .
no one pretends that we can prevent or alter the forces of nature .
no person claims that natural changes can be changed .
no person claims that we can change nature .

mehr privat , weniger staat in der kunstfinanzierung ?
state of the art , or art of the state ?
is it more private , less state in art funding ?
do we have more private , less state funding in art ?

diese waffen stellen eine ernsthafte und unmittelbare bedrohung dar ,
those weapons pose a grave , immediate threat ;
these weapons represent a serious and immediate threat .
these weapons are a serious and immediate threat .

auch das leitungsgremium der amerikanischen notenbank federal reserve ist natürlich sehr unabhängig .
the us federal reserve board is , of course , very independent .
it is also , of course , very independent of the executive board of the american federal reserve .
of course , the governing board of the american federal reserve reserve is very independent .

die schaffung einer solchen kapazität wird die eu zu einem effektiveren transatlantischen partner machen .
the creation of such a capacity will make the eu a more effective transatlantic partner .
the creation of such capacity will make the eu a more effective transatlantic partner .
the creation of such a capacity will make the eu a more effective transatlantic partner .

sie wollten keine almosen , nur eine chance , geld zu verdienen .
they didn &apos;t want a handout , only a chance to earn income .
they did not want almosen , just an opportunity to earn money .
they did not want a almosen , but just an opportunity to earn money .

ist die europäische integration vom respekt für die werte anderer inspiriert ?
is european integration animated by respect for another &apos;s values ?
is european integration inspired by respect for the values of others ?
is european integration inspired by respect for the values of others ?

das größte problem der politischen rechten in zentraleuropa ist ihre fehlende identität .
the most serious problem of central europe &apos;s political right is a lack of identity .
the biggest problem of political rights in central europe is their lack of identity .
the biggest problem of political rights in central europe is its lack of identity .

jetzt scheint es , als wären auch noch lindseys zahlen eine krasse untertreibung gewesen .
it now appears that lindsey &apos;s numbers were a gross underestimate .
now it seems that there would have been a crackdown in the case of lindseys .
now it seems that it would have been a cradle of a cradle .

die kritiker des neoliberalismus sollten nicht die allgemeinen wirtschaftsgrundsätze bekämpfen , nur ihren missbrauch .
critics of neoliberalism should not oppose mainstream economics--only its misuse .
the critics of neo-liberalism should not fight the general economic principles , only their abuse .
the critics of neo-liberalism should not fight the general economic principles , only their abuse .

tatsächlich aber gibt es derzeit keinen chefplaner oder -finanzier terroristischer aktivitäten .
in fact , there is now no master planner or funder of terrorist activities .
in fact , however , there is currently no chore planning or finance terrorist activities .
in fact , however , there is currently no chefer or funding of terrorist activities .

wenn sich die argumente für diesen krieg als haltlos erweisen , wird dies tiefgreifende folgen haben .
if the arguments for war are not proved , the consequences will be profound .
if the arguments for this war prove to be serious , this will have far-reaching consequences .
if the arguments for this war prove to be obvious , this will have a profound impact .

ich gebe zu , dass ich das vermächtnis des kommunismus mit mehr skepsis betrachte .
i confess that i view the heritage of communism with more <<unk>> ticism .
i admit that i look at the legacy of communism with more scepticism .
i admit that i consider the legacy of communism to be more scepticism .

kein mensch sah diesen boom voraus , daher ist es auch riskant sein ende zu prognostizieren .
no one predicted this boom , so predicting its end is risky .
no man saw these boats ahead , so it is also dangerous to predict .
no person expected these boats , and that is why it is also dangerous to pretend that it is to be expected .

es gibt noch eine reihe anderer , potenziell ziemlich hoher kosten , deren quantifizierung sich allerdings als problematisch erweist .
there are a number of other costs , some potentially quite large , although quantifying them is problematic .
there are a number of other , potentially very high costs , whose quantification is , however , a problem .
there are still a number of other , potentially very high costs , but the quantity of which is problematic .

auch für sie müssen diese verbindungen der &quot; einheit aufgrund von gefühlen und sympathie &quot; spürbar sein .
they , too , must be allowed to feel those ties of &quot; unity resulting from feelings and sympathy . &quot;
for you too , these links of unity must be felt as a result of feelings and sympathy .
for them too , these links of unity must be felt because of feeling and sympathy .

denn jetzt wird die bush-administration die testergebnisse abwarten , bevor sie eine entscheidung trifft .
for now , the bush administration will await the outcome of tests before deciding .
now , the bush administration will wait for the teeth before it takes a decision .
after all , the bush administration will now wait for the teeth before it takes a decision .

ich denke , dass deutschland in zehn jahren mit einer neoliberaleren politik besser dastehen würde .
i think that germany would be better off in a decade under more neo-liberal policies .
i think that germany would be better off with a more neoliberal policy in ten years &apos; time .
i think that in ten years &apos; time germany would be better equipped with a neo-liberal policy .

damit das land die herausforderungen bewältigen und weiter wachsen kann , müsste es seinen arbeitsmarkt flexibilisieren .
in order for the country to meet the challenges and to continue to grow , it would have to make its labor markets flexible .
so that the country can meet the challenges and grow further , it should be more flexible in its labour market .
in order for the country to face up to the challenges and grow further , it should be more flexible in its labour market .

unsere aufgabe ist es , einen weg zu finden , zusammenzustehen , ohne uns irgendjemanden im besonderen entgegen zu stellen .
our task is to find a way to stand together without standing against anybody in particular .
our task is to find a way of reconciling without giving us anyone in particular .
our task is to find a way to work together without giving us any people in particular .

für die deutschen arbeitnehmer jedoch , die ebenfalls gern mit diesem kapital gearbeitet hätten , ist dies ein fragwürdiger vorteil .
but it is of doubtful benefit to german workers who also would have liked to cooperate with that capital .
however , for the german workers who would also like to have worked with this capital , this is a questionable advantage .
however , for the german workers , who would also have liked to have worked with this capital , this is a questionable advantage .

die gräuel eines total sinnlosen kriegs sind tatsächlich zu schrecklich , um sie sich auszumalen .
the horrors of a senseless war are almost too frightening to contemplate .
the atrocities of a total pointless war are indeed too terrible to execute them .
the horrendous war of a total unpleasant war is really too terrible in order to teach them .

europa und der rest der welt sind sich dessen bewusst ; aber sie wählen bei den wahlen in amerika nicht mit .
europe and the rest of the world are aware of this ; but they don &apos;t vote in american elections .
europe and the rest of the world are aware of this , but they do not vote in the elections in america .
europe and the rest of the world are aware of this , but they do not vote in the elections in america .

für protest war es jedenfalls zu spät : den zehn osteuropäischen staaten war der mitgliedsstatus bereits zuerkannt worden .
but in any event , it was too late to protest : the ten eastern states had already been granted membership of the union .
in any case , it was too late : the ten eastern european states had already recognised the status of the member states .
in any case , it was too late : the ten eastern european states have already been granted the status of the member states .

es fällt den europäern deshalb schwer , einzusehen , warum pläne für eine engere europäische integration als antiamerikanisch angesehen werden sollten .
so it is hard for europeans to understand why plans for closer european integration should be seen as anti-american .
it is therefore difficult for europeans to see why plans for closer european integration should be regarded as anti-american .
it is therefore difficult for europeans to see why plans for closer european integration should be regarded as anti-american .

vermutlich aufgrund ihrer stark antikommunistischen position werden die polnische kirche und johannes paul ii oft als , , konservativ &quot; bezeichnet .
perhaps in part because of their strong anticommunist stance , the polish church and john paul ii are often branded as &quot; conservative . &quot;
probably , due to their strong anti-communist position , the polish church and john paul ii are often called &apos; conservative &apos; .
probably because of its strong anti-communist position , polish church and john paul ii are often described as , conservative &apos; .

herauszufinden , was ein land besonders gut erzeugen kann ( oder könnte ) ist eine schlüsselherausforderung für die entwicklung einer volkswirtschaft .
learning what a country is ( or can be ) good at producing is a key challenge of economic development .
finding out what a country can produce in particular ( or could ) is a key challenge for the development of a national economy .
looking at what a country can produce in particular ( or could ) is a key challenge for the development of a popular economy .

in ostasien soll diese &quot; demografische dividende &quot; bereits einen beitrag von mehr als einem viertel zum regionalen wirtschaftswachstum leisten .
in east asia , this &quot; demographic dividend &quot; is believed to have generated more than a quarter of the region &apos;s economic growth .
in oasia , this &apos; demographic dividends &apos; should already contribute more than one quarter to regional economic growth .
in ostaasia , these &apos; demographic dividends &apos; should already contribute to more than a quarter of regional economic growth .

die drohende rückkehr von meciar an die macht zwang alle demokraten , linke und rechte , in ein lager .
the threat of return to power by meciar forced all democrats , leftist or rightist , into one camp .
the threat of the return of meciar to the power requires all democrats , left and rights , in a camp .
the threat of a return from meciar to power requires all democrats , left and rights , to a camp .

aber zumindest sollten die haushaltspolitischen maßnahmen eines landes nicht in den obskuren methodologischen fußnoten seines budgets verborgen bleiben .
but at least a country &apos;s fiscal actions should not be hidden in its budgets &apos; obscure methodological footnotes .
at least , however , the budgetary policies of a country should not remain in the sophisticated footwear of its budget .
however , at least , the budgetary measures of a country should not be left in the obscure of its budget .

einer von den drei bis jetzt durchgeführten versuchen ist fast fehlgeschlagen , zwei vollständig ; deswegen überließ präsident clinton diese angelegenheit seinem nachfolger .
of the three tests so far conducted , one failed almost , two entirely , which is why president clinton left the matter to his successor .
one of the three attempts that have been carried out to date has been almost failed , two in full ; that is why president clinton has left this matter to his successor .
one of the three attempts that have been made to date has almost failed , two completely , and that is why president clinton left this matter to his successor .

sieht die zukunft für die mehr als eine milliarde jugendlichen in den entwicklungsländern im alter zwischen 12 und 24 jahren ebenso viel versprechend aus ?
will the future be as promising for the developing world &apos;s billion-plus young people between the ages of 12 and 24 ?
is the future of more than one billion young people in developing countries as promising between 12 and 24 years ?
is the future for the more than a billion young people in developing countries in age between 12 and 24 years a great deal of promising ?

die bombenanschläge von madrid haben dazu geführt , dass die europäer die geißel des terrorismus am eigenen leib zu spüren bekommen haben .
the madrid bombings have made europeans feel the scourge of terrorism in their bones .
the bombings of madrid have resulted in europeans having experienced the scourge of terrorism in their own suffering .
the bombings of madrid have led europeans to feel the scourge of terrorism in their own suffering .

selbst wenn ein haushalt angenommen wird , herrscht kein mangel an deprimierenden aufgaben für die österreichische präsidentschaft , die am 1. januar beginnt .
even if a budget is adopted , there is no lack of depressing business for the austrian presidency , which starts on january 1 .
even if a budget is adopted , there is no lack of depressing tasks for the austrian presidency , which begins on 1 january .
even if a budget is adopted , there is no lack of depressing tasks for the austrian presidency , which begins on 1 january .

außerdem könnte das publikum für gewagtere repertoires gewonnen werden , je öfter man moderne stücke auf das programm setzt .
moreover , the audience may come to appreciate an adventuresome repertoire the more it becomes exposed to it .
in addition , the public could be won for a more cotoires , which is more often more modern than is being put on the programme .
in addition , the more modern points could be obtained by the public , the more modern in the programme .

mein büro steht nicht nur russischen bürgern offen , sondern auch ausländern oder staatenlosen personen , die das gefühl haben , ihre politischen rechte seien gefährdet .
my office is open not only to russian citizens , but to foreigners and stateless people who feel their political rights have been compromised .
my office is not only open to russian citizens , but also to foreigners or stateless persons who feel that their political rights are at risk .
my office is not only open to russian citizens , but also to foreigners or stateless people who feel that their political rights are at risk .

er drängt darauf , diesen monat ein landesweites referendum über eine neue verfassung abzuhalten , ohne eine ernsthafte parlamentarische debatte oder die übliche aufklärung der öffentlichkeit .
he is rushing to hold a national referendum this month on a new constitution without serious parliamentary debate or the usual public education .
he is calling for a national referendum on a new constitution this month without a serious parliamentary debate or the normal public information .
he is calling on us to hold a national referendum this month on a new constitution without a serious parliamentary debate or the normal information of the public .

aus diesem grund zeigen die postkommunistischen gesellschaften keine erhabenheit und keine gelassenheit , die ernsthaft in kontrast zum westen stehen würde .
this is why postcommunist societies do not demonstrate any nobility or disinterestedness that seriously contrasts with the west .
for this reason , the post-communist societies do not show a habit and no obsession that would be seriously opposed to the west .
for this reason , the post-communist societies do not show any cause for concern and no perseverance that would be seriously contrary to the west .

jetzt müssen diese gesellschaften nicht nur mit riesigen städtischen zentren fertig werden , sondern auch mit den sehr unterschiedlichen begabungen und bedürfnissen einer städtischen bevölkerung .
now these societies must cope not only with vast urban centers , but also with the very different talents and demands of urbanized people .
now these societies must be completed not only with huge urban centres , but also with the very different stages and needs of a urban population .
these societies must now be completed not only with huge urban centres , but also with the very different stages and needs of a urban population .

letztere können aus gewinn- oder machtstreben oder aus politischen bzw. religiösen gründen dabei sein ; wieder andere beteiligen sich aus hass oder wegen des nervenkitzels .
individuals can be involved for profit and power , or for political and religious reasons , while others participate for hate or thrills .
the latter can be in favour of profit or power or for political or religious reasons ; others will be involved in hatred or because of nervous corner .
the latter can , for profit or power or for political or religious reasons , be able to participate in hatred or for the nerve .

sharon allein schien die verbindung beruhigender stärke und weitsicht zu verkörpern , um im prozess des einseitigen abzugs die mehrheit der israelis hinter sich sammeln zu können .
he alone seemed to incarnate the combination of reassuring strength and vision to carry the majority of israelis behind him in a process of unilateral disengagement .
sharon , alone , seemed to be the link of reassuring strength and vision in order to be able to collect the majority of israelis behind the process .
sharon alone seemed to represent the link with restrength and vision in order to remove the majority of the israelis behind the process in the unilateral process .

wenn präsident bush , wie er angedeutet hat , ein anderes system vorzieht , werden dessen entwicklung sowie die entwicklung eines testprogramms noch mehr zeit in anspruch nehmen .
if president bush , as he has hinted , now favors a different design , it will take even more time to develop the architecture and devise a test program .
if president bush , as he has indicated , takes a different system , its development and the development of a test programme will take even more time .
if president bush , as he has indicated , makes a different system , the development of which , as well as the development of a test programme , will take more time .

natürlich spielen diese indikatoren eine legitime rolle bei der erklärung der immobilienmärkte , aber sie reichen einfach nicht aus , um die jüngsten booms zu ergründen .
of course , these indicators do have a legitimate role to play in explaining housing markets , but they are simply not adequate to account for the recent booms .
of course , these indicators play a legitimate role in the declaration of property markets , but they are simply not enough to set up the recent boxes .
of course , these indicators play a legitimate role in the declaration of property markets , but they are simply not enough for the latest boxes .

mit der ankunft zuhause kehren ( auf beiden seiten des atlantiks ) auch die sorgen wieder , wie klassische musik finanziert werden soll .
this rentrée is also marked ( on both sides of the atlantic ) by the return of worries about how classical music is financed .
with the arrival at home ( on both sides of the atlantic ) , there are also concerns about how classic music is to be financed .
at home ( on both sides of the atlantic ) , the concerns about how classical music is to be financed .

ein virtuelles unternehmen besteht aus einer beliebig zusammengesetzten kleinen gruppe , die sich selbst zu einer organisation zusammenfindet , welche gerade groß genug ist , um das gemeinsame ziel umzusetzen .
a virtual enterprise is any small group that self-assembles into an organization that is just large enough to accomplish the collective intention .
a virtual company consists of a large small group , which will meet itself with an organisation that is just enough to implement the common objective .
a virtual company consists of a large small group , which is itself involved in an organisation that is very large enough to implement the common objective .

wenn die staats- und regierungschefs der reichsten nationen der welt im französischen evian zusammentreffen , wird eine unausgesprochene frage vorherrschen : was will amerika in der welt ?
when the leaders of the world &apos;s richest nations gather in evian , france , one unasked question will dominate : what does america want in the world ?
if the heads of state and government meet the richest nations of the world in france , will there be an unpromised question : what does america want in the world ?
if the heads of state and government of the richest nations of the world meet in the french evian , then there will be an unpromised question : what does america want in the world ?

dieser mangel an voraussicht und planung für die zeit nach der bewaffneten intervention stellt nicht nur eine gefahr für die vorgeblich &quot; gerettete &quot; bevölkerung dar ; er ist kontraproduktiv .
this lack of foresight about and planning for the aftermath of armed intervention is not only dangerous to the people who have ostensibly been &quot; saved &quot; ; it is counterproductive .
this lack of foresight and planning for the period after the armed intervention is not only a threat to the people who are in vain ; it is counter-productive .
this lack of foresight and planning for the period after armed intervention is not just a threat to the &apos; superior &apos; population &apos; , but it is counterproductive .

europa und die usa müssen ihre ziele kooperativ verfolgen und dabei gewährleisten , dass sich eine solche kooperation nie zu einer allianz des westens gegen den rest der welt entwickelt .
europe and the us must pursue their aims in cooperation , while ensuring that such cooperation never becomes an alliance of the &quot; west against the rest . &quot;
europe and the united states must follow their objectives together and ensure that such cooperation is never developed into an alliance of west against the rest of the world .
europe and the united states must follow their objectives together and ensure that such cooperation is never developed in an alliance against the rest of the world .

nach einer theorie , wie sie etwa der spd-vorsitzende franz müntefering vertritt , ist deutschland bereits dort angekommen , wo alle anderen erst hinwollen .
one theory , endorsed by the head of germany &apos;s ruling social democratic party , franz müntefering , is that germany is already where the others still want to be .
according to a theory like the chairman of the spd franz munich , germany has already arrived there , where all the others want to go .
after a theory , as the president-in-office of the council , mr franz orteing , germany has already come there , where all the others want to go .

die von den vereinten nationen vermittelten verhandlungen in wien dieses jahr haben gezeigt , dass es zu keinem einvernehmlichen abkommen zwischen serbien und dem kosovo über den &quot; endgültigen status &quot; kommen wird .
negotiations this year in vienna , brokered by the united nations , showed that an agreed settlement between serbia and kosovo on &quot; final status &quot; will not happen .
the negotiations signed by the united nations in vienna this year have shown that there will be no agreed agreement between serbia and kosovo on the final status .
the negotiations made by the united nations in vienna this year have shown that there will be no agreement between serbia and kosovo on the final status .

der unmittelbare gewinner ist der spd-fraktionsvorsitzende franz mã ¼ ntefering ( 64 ) , der schrã <unk> der als parteivorsitzenden beerben wird .
the immediate winner is franz müntefering , age 64 , the spd &apos;s parliamentary floor leader who will succeed schröder , as party chairman .
the immediate winners are the chairman of the group of the european people &apos;s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , mr von wogau , mr ntefering ( 64 ) , who is going to be a party leader .
the immediate winners is the donor chairman of the socialist group , franz franmz , who will be called nteing ( 64 ) , the premise of the leader of the party .

gewiss , es hatte den anschein , als ob die nachrichten über das ausmaß der katastrophe etwas länger brauchten , um die ranch von präsident bush im texanischen crawford zu erreichen .
of course , it seemed to take somewhat longer for news of the extent of the disaster to reach the crawford , texas , ranch of president bush .
it was certainly the case that the news about the scale of the disaster took a little longer to reach the ranking of president bush in mr crawford .
certainly , it would seem that the news of the scale of the disaster would have needed something longer to reach the ranks of president bush in the algerian crawford .

mit den eindringlichen bildern der zerstörung , die das fernsehen in die wohnzimmer auf der ganzen welt übertrug , wurde uns die macht der globalisierung vor augen geführt .
it demonstrated the power of globalization , as television brought vivid pictures of the destruction to homes around the world .
we have seen the power of globalisation in the world , with the urgent education of the destruction , which has steered television into the homes of the whole world .
we have seen the power of globalisation as a matter of urgency .

die niedriglohnkonkurrenz hat zu erheblichen arbeitsplatzverlagerungen und offshore-aktivitäten geführt . diese ließen deutsche firmen konkurrenzfähig bleiben , indem sie ihren bedarf an deutschen arbeitskräften verringerten .
low-wage competition has led to substantial outsourcing and off-shoring activities that have kept german firms competitive by reducing their demand for domestic labor .
the low wage competition has led to significant job relocation and offshore activities , which have allowed german companies to compete by reducing their needs to german labour .
the low price competition has led to significant relocation of jobs and offshore activities , which would allow german companies to compete by reducing their needs to german workers .

die fokussierung des politischen willens und der anstrengungen der jungen menschen selbst , mehr möglichkeiten zu schaffen , fähigkeiten zu erweitern und zweite chancen zu bieten , kann ländern helfen , ihren derzeitigen demografischen vorteil optimal zu nutzen .
focusing political will and the efforts of young people themselves to expand opportunities , enhance capabilities , and provide second chances can help countries make the most of today &apos;s demographic advantage .
the focus of the political will and the efforts of young people themselves to create more opportunities to increase skills and offer second opportunities can help countries make the best possible use of their current demographic advantage .
the focus of the political will and the efforts of young people themselves to create more opportunities , to extend skills and to offer second opportunities , can help countries to make the best use of their current demographic advantage .

die gesundheitsversorgung funktioniert einigermaßen und alle lateinamerikanischen länder konnten erfolge im kampf gegen den analphabetismus verbuchen . die alphabetisierungsrate beträgt unter der erwachsenen bevölkerung 90 % und mehr .
health conditions are reasonably good , and all latin american countries have made headway against illiteracy , with most reaching 90 % adult literacy or higher .
health care works in some way and all latin american countries have been able to make progress in the fight against illiteracy , and illiteracy rate is 90 % and more than the adult population .
health care works in some way and all latin american countries have been able to achieve success in the fight against illiteracy , which is the illiteracy rate under the adult population of 90 % and more .

die große frage für die europäer ist , ob sie eine möglichkeit finden , einen teil der effizienzsteigerung , die das wal-mart-modell bringt , zu nutzen , ohne davon überrannt zu werden .
the big question for europeans is whether they can find ways to exploit some of the efficiency gains embodied by the wal-mart model without being overrun by it .
the big question for europeans is whether they can find a way of using part of the increase in efficiency , which will bring the wal-mart model , without being overturned .
the great question for europeans is whether they can find a way of using a part of the efficiency that brings the wal-mart-mart model to use , without being overshaped .

sie braucht in der tat die chance , fehler zu begehen und daraus zu lernen und sich von diesen fehlern zu erholen , so lange ihre entscheidungen die grundlagen der demokratischen ordnung selbst nicht infrage stellen .
indeed , they need a chance to make mistakes and to learn and recover from their errors , as long as their decisions do not affect the foundations of the democratic order itself .
indeed , it needs the opportunity to make mistakes and learn from them and to recover from these mistakes , so long as its decisions do not question the foundations of democratic order itself .
in fact , it needs the opportunity to make mistakes and learn from it and to recover from these mistakes , so long as its decisions do not question the foundations of the democratic order itself .

tatsächlich irritiert der papst durch seine worte und sein beispiel die welt : sie möchte in wohlstand und bequemlichkeit leben und er erinnert uns , dass wir auch in würde leben müssen .
indeed , by his words and example , the pope disrupts the world : it wants to live in wealth and comfort ; he reminds us that we must also live in dignity .
in fact , the pope is beaten by his words and example of the world : it wants to live in prosperity and dignity and reminds us that we must also live in dignity .
indeed , the pope is using his words and his example : it wants to live in prosperity and bequity and remember that we also need to live in dignity .

was im irak geschehen ist , sollte nicht überinterpretiert werden als eine starre schablone der us-politik für länder , die massenvernichtungswaffen haben , terrorismus unterstützen oder menschen ihrer freiheit berauben .
what happened in iraq should not be over ? interpreted as a rigid template for us policy toward countries that pursue weapons of mass destruction , support terrorism , or deny people liberty .
what happened in iraq should not be interpreted as a rigid sophistication of the us policy for countries which have weapons of mass destruction , support terrorism or deprive people of their freedom .
what has happened in iraq should not be interpreted as a rigid shrink of the us policy for countries which have weapons of mass destruction , support terrorism or depriving people of their freedom .

falls sie es richtig hinbekommen , wird der lohn enorm sein : eine beschleunigte entwicklung , da ihre volkswirtschaften die vorteile einer zunehmenden bevölkerung im arbeitsfähigen alter ernten , und eine niedrigere nichterwerbstätigenquote .
the payoff is huge if they get it right : accelerated development as economies reap the benefits of a burgeoning working-age population and lower dependency ratios .
if they get it right , the wage will be enormous : an accelerated development , because their economies will harvest the benefits of an increasing population in the working age , and a lower rate of non-profit .
if you get it right , the wage will be enormous : rapid development , since your economies have the benefits of an increasing population in working age , and a lower rate of non-employment .

diese positive entwicklung ist gefährdet durch einen fiebrigen nationalismus , der bei den wahlen zum vorschein kommt , und der durch das versprechen , alte wunden zu öffnen und alte rechnungen zu begleichen , genährt wird .
that promising development is being endangered by a fevered electoral nationalism which seeks to gain votes by promising to reopen old wounds and settle old scores .
this positive development is at risk by a fierce nationalism , which will be put forward in the elections , and which will be produced by the promise of opening up old wounds and using old bills in the same way .
this positive development is at risk by a fierce nationalism , which comes in the elections , and the promise of opening up old wounds and making old bills in the same way .

dies ist gut für europa , denn es führt zu einer besseren verwendung des kapitals und kurbelt das wachstum an , da deutsche spareinlagen nun ihren weg in abgelegene und vorher benachteiligte regionen der eurozone finden .
this is good for europe , because it helps improve the allocation of capital and stimulates growth by transporting german savings to the remote and previously disadvantaged regions of the euro zone .
this is a good thing for europe , because it leads to better use of capital and kurdish growth , since german spaces now find their way into remote and disadvantaged regions of the euro area .
this is a good thing for europe , because it leads to a better use of capital and kurdish growth , since germany &apos;s sparel has now found its way in remote and previously disadvantaged regions of the euro area .

ihre aufgaben in dieser hinsicht wurden 1948 in der allgemeinen deklaration der menschenrechte niedergeschrieben und 1975 in den abkommen von helsinki bekräftigt . in diesen dokumenten werden menschenrechte rechtlich höher eingestuft , als die souveränität einzelner staaten .
its tasks in this area were affirmed in the 1948 universal declaration of human rights and the 1975 helsinki accords , which give human rights legal supremacy over the sovereignty of individual states .
in this respect , in 1948 , their tasks were written in the general declaration of human rights and confirmed in helsinki in the helsinki agreements , and human rights are legally defined in these documents , as the sovereignty of individual states .
in this respect , in 1948 , their tasks were set out in the general declaration of human rights in 1948 and confirmed in the helsinki agreements , in which human rights are legally defined in these documents , as the sovereignty of individual states .

meciar schlug zu , sprach von der &quot; ungarischen bedrohung &quot; und machte mit einem streich vier jahre harter arbeit der slowakischen regierung , vertreter der ungarischen minderheit in die slowakische regierung zu integrieren , zunichte .
so meciar pounced , denouncing the &quot; hungarian menace , &quot; undoing in a stroke four years of hard work by slovakia &apos;s current government to integrate representatives of the ethnic hungarian minority into slovakia &apos;s government .
in writing . - ( pt ) mr president , mr meciar said that the hungarian threat was &apos; hungarian threat &apos; and , with a meeting of four years of hard work from the slovak government to integrate representatives of the hungarian minority into the slovak government .
it was suggested that the hungarian threat was called &apos; hungarian threat &apos; and that , with four years of hard work by the slovak government , to destroy representatives of the hungarian minority in the slovak government .

wenn ein so großer teil des produktivitätsvorsprungs der usa tatsächlich darauf beruht , dass man wal-mart und ähnliche großeinkaufsmärkte blind draufloswachsen lässt , was passiert dann , wenn diese quelle des wachstums versiegt ?
if so much of the us productivity edge really amounts to letting wal-mart and its big-box cousins run amok , what will happen after this source of growth tapers off ?
if such a large part of the united states &apos;s productivity recovery is actually based on the fact that wal-mart and similar large-scale purchases leave blind , what will happen when this source of growth is eating ?
if such a large part of the us &apos;s productivity advance is actually based on the fact that walking mart and similar sales of sophisticated markets can be increased , which will happen if this source of growth is endured ?

tatsächlich hat sich das tempo , mit dem die ezb während der jüngsten monate inflationswarnungen ausgesprochen hat , gesteigert : aus der früheren &quot; wachsamkeit &quot; wurde im september &quot; besondere wachsamkeit &quot; und im oktober &quot; hohe wachsamkeit in bezug auf teuerungsgefahren &quot; .
indeed , the pace of ecb warnings about the risks of inflation has quickened in recent months -- the earlier &quot; we are vigilant &quot; became &quot; we are particularly vigilant &quot; in september , which became &quot; strong vigilance with regard to upside risks to price stability is warranted &quot; in october .
indeed , the pace with which the ecb gave rise over the recent months of inflation has increased : from the previous &apos; vigilance &apos; , in september , &apos; special vigilance &apos; and in october &apos; high vigilance in relation to the risks of expensive prices &apos; .
indeed , the speed with which the ecb has expressed its opinion during recent months of inflation has increased : from the previous &apos; vigilance &apos; , special vigilance was given in september and in october &apos; high vigilance in relation to expensive dangers &apos; .

seitdem ist man sich in den usa weitgehend darüber einig , dass zyklische , wirtschaftliche schwierigkeiten es verlangen , haushaltsdefiziten in kauf zu nehmen , um das leiden zu lindern , die gesamtnachfrage anzuregen und die wirtschaftserholung zu beschleunigen .
since then the broad consensus in the us has been that cyclical economic distress requires the use of budget deficits to ameliorate suffering , stimulate aggregate demand , and hasten recovery .
since then , it has been largely agreed in the united states that cyclical , economic difficulties demand that budgetary deficits be reduced in order to alleviate the suffering , to stimulate the overall demand and to speed up economic recovery .
since then , the united states has largely agreed that cyclical , economic difficulties require us to buy budgetary deficits in order to alleviate the suffering , to encourage the total demand and speed up economic recovery .

dies ist der grund , warum syriens leugnen , dass es im irak eine störrolle spiele , selten ernst genommen wird und warum assad keine unterstützung seitens der amerikaner für neuerliche verhandlungen mit israel über die golan-höhen erreicht hat .
that is why syria &apos;s denials that it is playing a spoiler role in iraq are rarely taken seriously , and why assad has not gained american support for renewed negotiations with israel over the golan heights .
this is the reason why syria denies that in iraq , it is often taken into account , and why assad did not support the americans for new negotiations with israel on the golan heights .
this is the reason why syria deny that there is a problem in iraq , rarely being taken seriously , and why assad no support from the americans for new negotiations with israel on the gulf farms has been achieved .

dort begann es 1996 . im jahr 1997 erfasste dieser boom los angeles , new york und sidney , im jahr 1998 miami , moskau und shanghai und um das jahr 2002 vancouver .
boom mentality spread to los angeles , new york , and sydney around 1997 , to paris in 1998 , to miami , moscow , and shanghai in 2001 , and vancouver around 2002 .
it began in 1996 ; in 1997 , these boats were unfired in 1997 , new york and siddd, in 1998 , mimashhai , moscow and shanghai , and in 2002 , vancouver .
in 1996 , it began in 1996 , and in 1997 , these boats were unfled , new york and siddddn , in 1998 , mimonnet , moscow and shanghai , and the year 2002 .

wir nahmen an allen großen europäischen entwicklungen in der musik , der literatur oder im film teil ( man denke beispielsweise an &quot; danton &quot; , einer von andrzej wajdas filmen aus der zeit der solidarnosc , bei denen es sich um polnisch-französische koproduktionen handelte ) .
we participated in all the major developments in european music , literature , and film ( think of andrzej wajda &apos;s films from the solidarity era , such as &quot; danton , &quot; which were french co-productions ) .
we took note of all the major european developments in music , literature or film ( for example , &apos; danton &apos; , one from andrzej wajon , from the time of solidarity , where it was about eu-polish productions ) .
we took part in all the major european developments in music , literature or in the film ( for example , &apos; danton &apos; , one of andrcej wajens &apos;s films from the time of solidarity , which was the case with polish french co-productions ) .

europäische liebhaber der darstellenden kunst verweisen auf die usa , wo unter anderem auch von musikdirektoren berühmter orchester erwartet wird , dass sie in vollem umfang an fundraising-aktivitäten teilnehmen und im namen des jeweiligen orchesters auf ebene lokaler initiativen aktiv werden .
performing arts advocates in europe point to the us where , among other things , music directors of even major orchestras are now expected to fully participate in fundraising activities and be active in the local community on the orchestras behalf .
among other things , it is expected that the representatives of the directors-general chorchestra will be able to participate fully in fundings and , on behalf of the relevant orchester , to take active initiatives at local level .
the united states , among other things , is expected by music chorers , to participate fully in flower activities and to be actively active in the name of the relevant orp at local level in local initiatives .

eine solche strategie durchzusetzen , kann von land zu land verschieden ausfallen . sie hängt nämlich von den vorhandenen fähigkeiten der verwaltung , dem vorherrschenden system wirtschaftlicher anreize , der flexibilität des fiskus , dem grad an raffinesse des finanzsystems und der dieser strategie vorgegebenen volkswirtschaft ab .
implementing such a strategy may differ from country to country , depending on administrative capacity , the prevailing incentive regime , the flexibility of the fiscal system , the degree of sophistication of the financial sector , and the underlying political economy .
this strategy can be implemented from country to country , because it depends on the existing skills of the administration , the dominant economic incentives , the flexibility of the tax , the degree of rainfall in the financial system and the economy presented by this strategy .
in fact , it depends on the existing skills of the administration , the current economic incentives system , the flexibility of the fiscal focus , the degree to which the financial system has been set up and the economy set up by this strategy .

unsere zivilisation ist eine , die den egoismus zugunsten der eigenen familie und gruppe akzeptiert , die mit wenigen ausnahmen die autonomie des individuums in fragen der moral anerkennt und die gotteslästerung , kritik an der autorität und sogar zivilen ungehorsam als grundlegende freiheiten betrachtet .
ours is a civilization that accepts selfishness towards one &apos;s own family and group ; that tolerates , with few exceptions , autonomy in moral matters ; and that considers blasphemy , criticism of authority , and even civil disobedience fundamental freedoms .
one of our civilisation is one of our civilisation , which accepts self-interest in favour of the family and group , which recognises the autonomy of the individual in matters of morality with a few exceptions , and considers the go-ahead , criticism of the authority and even civilian freedoms as fundamental freedoms .
one of our civilisation is a civilisation that accepts selfism in favour of its own family and group , which , with a few exceptions , recognises the autonomy of the individual in moral matters and considers that gottling , criticism of the authority and even civil , is regarded as fundamental freedoms .

ließ sich sharon wirklich von den demografen überzeugen , dass das &quot; großisrael &quot; , das einst sein traum zu sein schien , tatsächlich das ende des jüdischen staates bedeuten würde , oder bedeutete seine rückzugsstrategie des &quot; gaza zuerst &quot; tatsächlich &quot; gaza allein &quot; ?
was sharon really convinced by demographers that the &quot; great israel &quot; that once seemed to be his dream would actually mean the end of a jewish state , or did his disengagement strategy of &quot; gaza first &quot; really mean &quot; gaza last &quot; ?
was sharon really convinced that the &apos; great israel &apos; , which seemed to be a dream , would actually mean the end of the jewish state , or did his return to the gaza strategy ?
did sharon really convince sharon that the &apos; big israel &apos; , which seemed to be his dream , would actually mean the end of the jewish state , or would it mean that its &apos; gaza &apos; first &apos; strategy was actually &apos; in gaza alone ?

nach schlechter schnitten für denselben zeitraum die unheilspropheten ab : sie übertrieben die chancen auf negative veränderungen an denselben stellen , an denen die übertrieben zukunftsgläubigen das positive hervorhoben , sowie in weiteren bereichen . ( ich warte noch immer auf den unmittelbar bevorstehenden zerfall kanadas , nigerias , indiens , indonesiens , südafrikas , belgiens und des sudans . )
in the same period , doomsters performed even more poorly , exaggerating the chances of negative changes in all the same places where boomsters accentuated the positive , plus several more ( i still await the impending disintegration of canada , nigeria , india , indonesia , south africa , belgium , and sudan ) .
for the same period , you exaggerated the risks to the same negative changes that increase the benefits of the future , as well as in other areas , i am still waiting for the imminent case of canada , nigeria , nigeria , indonesia , indonesia , belgium and the south of south africa .
for the same period , it overlooks the same potential for negative changes , which highlight the positive creditor , and , in other areas , i am still waiting for the immediate fall of canada , the nigerian , india , india , south africa , sudan and the sudanese ) .

in ihrem bericht für 2003 schätzen die treuhänder der amerikanischen sozialversicherungstreuhandfonds , dass in den nächsten 75 jahren zur aufrechterhaltung der zahlungsfähigkeit des amerikanischen sozialversicherungssystems eine summe von 3,5 trillionen dollar nötig sein wird , was beinahe den gesamten heutigen staatsschulden der usa ( 3,9 trillionen dollar ) entspricht .
in their 2003 report , the trustees of the us social security administration trust funds estimate that maintaining the social security system &apos;s solvency for the next 75 years will require an amount whose present value is $ 3.5 trillion , nearly equal to today &apos;s total us government debt ( $ 3.9 trillion ) .
in 2003 , your report on the value of the american social security fund , the american social security fund , in the next 75 years , to maintain the american social security system , will be a sum of 3.5 billion per annum , which is almost necessary for the united states of america ( almost 3.9 / 9 ) .
in its 2003 report , the american social security fund , that in the next 75 years to maintain the american social security system , a sum of 3.5 million dollars will be needed , which is almost in line with the total debt of the us today ( dollar ) in its report for the american social security fund .

