how can we know ? im einzelnen beschrieben .
how can we know ?
what is more , is it that we are talking about it ?
how can we say that we are talking about it ?

zunächst einmal ist widersprüchlichkeit kein fehler .
first , inconsistency is no vice .
first of all , there is no mistake .
first of all , contradictory is not a mistake .

werden andere städte nicht davon profitieren ?
will no other cities benefit ?
will other cities not benefit from this ?
will other cities not benefit from this ?

das interventionssyndrom
the intervention syndrome
( de ) mr president , the intervention crafm
the intervention nb

wege aus dem irischen dilemma
getting over the irish stew
the irish dilemma lies in the irish dilemma .
routes from the irish dilemma

ich glaube also nicht , dass wir vor einem dauerhaften bruch stehen .
so i do not believe that a lasting rift looms .
so i do not believe that we are facing a permanent break .
so i do not believe that we are facing a lasting break .

doch ist es gefährlich , von der vergangenheit besessen zu sein .
but it is dangerous to become obsessed with the past .
but it is dangerous to be food from the past .
however , it is dangerous to be food from the past .

im idealfall werden konflikte durch abkommen und verträge beendet .
in an ideal world , conflicts end by agreements and treaties .
in the ideal case , conflicts are concluded by agreements and treaties .
in the ideal case , conflicts are closed by agreements and treaties .

ich habe nichts gegen großeinkaufsmärkte .
i have nothing against big box stores .
i have nothing against big purchases .
i have nothing against big purchases .

angst und steigende eigenheimpreise gehen hand in hand .
fear and upward momentum in home prices go together .
fear and increasing domestic prices go hand in hand .
fear and increasing domestic prices go hand in hand .

auch mexiko beginnt seine bedeutenden technologischen möglichkeiten zu mobilisieren .
mexico , too , has begun to mobilize significant technological prowess .
mexico is also beginning to mobilise its significant technological opportunities .
mexico is also beginning to mobilise its significant technological opportunities .

bedeutet dies , das europa und die usa eine grundlegend andere sicht der welt haben ?
does this mean that europe and the us have dramatically different visions ?
does this mean that europe and the united states have a fundamental different view of the world ?
does this mean that europe and the usa have a fundamental other vision of the world ?

zu diesem zweck müssen regierungen sowohl zuckerbrot als auch peitsche einsetzen .
for this , governments must deploy both the carrot and the stick .
to this end , governments must use both sugar brot and peitic .
to this end , governments must use both sugar broke and pet .

bushs einstellung ist mehr als falsch ; sie ist einfach peinlich .
bush &apos;s position is more than wrong ; it is an embarrassment .
bush &apos;s attitude is more than wrong ; it is simply embarrassing .
it is more than wrong ; it is simply embarrassing .

wenn die privateinkommen nachgeben , gehen auch die öffentlichen einnahmen zurück .
when private incomes fall , so do public revenues .
if the private income goes back , public revenue will also go back .
when private income is paid , public revenue will also go back .

erstens erscheint die weltwirtschaft heute chaotischer als vor zehn jahren .
first , the world economy does look more chaotic than it did a decade ago .
firstly , the world economy today seems chaotic than ten years ago .
firstly , the global economy today seems chaotic than ten years ago .

in diesem zeitraum hätten sowohl die türkei als auch die union gelegenheit , sich zu arrangieren .
this period of time would offer both turkey and the union an opportunity to come to terms .
in this period , both turkey and the union would have the opportunity to become impoverished .
in this period , both turkey and the union would have the opportunity to move on .

natürlich war die polnische kirche in ihrem kampf gegen den kommunismus konservativ - gott sei dank !
to be sure , in the struggle against communism , the polish church was , indeed , conservative--and thank god for that !
of course , the polish church was conservative in its fight against communism - thank god !
of course , the polish church was in their fight against communism - thank god !

tatsächlich ist der kosovo zu einer petrischale für das konzept der internationalen intervention geworden .
indeed , kosovo has become a petri dish for international intervention .
in fact , kosovo has become a pet for the concept of international intervention .
in fact , kosovo has become a pet for the concept of international intervention .

eine europäische angelegenheit könnte es nur dann sein , wenn die eu eine echte föderation wäre .
it could only be a european matter , if the eu were a real federation .
it could only be a european matter if the eu were a real federation .
it could only be a european matter if the eu were a genuine federation .

die meisten amerikaner sehen europa noch immer als partner mit weitgehend denselben weltpolitischen zielen an .
most americans still see in europe a partner with largely the same aims in the world .
most americans still see europe as partners with a large number of world political objectives .
most americans still see europe as partners with the same global political objectives as well .

der bundeskanzler hat in deutschland unter den wichtigen politischen akteuren die stã <unk> rkste stellung inne .
in germany , the chancellor holds the strongest position among the key political players .
in germany , the chancellor of germany , among the major political players , has the most important role to play .
in germany , the chancellor , under the important political players , has the most serious role to play .

als der krieg vorbei war , wurde in dayton frieden geschlossen , nicht im uno-hauptquartier .
when the war was over , peace was made in dayton , ohio , not at the un .
when the war was over , peace was closed in dayton , not in the un headquarters .
when the war was over , peace was closed in dayton , not in the un main quer .

um ihre anhänger zufriedenzustellen und wahlen zu gewinnen , sind politiker bereit , viel auf sich zu nehmen .
politicians are willing to go to great lengths to please their supporters and win elections .
in order to satisfy their supporters and to win elections , politicians are prepared to take a great deal on themselves .
in order to be satisfied with their supporters and to win elections , politicians are prepared to take much on board .

vor über vierzig jahren stellte die türkei einen antrag auf assoziierte mitgliedschaft in der europäischen wirtschaftsgemeinschaft .
more than forty years ago , turkey applied for associate membership of the european economic community .
more than forty years ago , turkey submitted a request for associated membership of the european economic community .
over 40 years ago , turkey tabled a request for association membership in the european economic community .

in weiten teilen südasiens bedrohen gewaltsame konflikte und die macht von interessengruppen die rechtsstaatlichkeit .
in parts of south asia , violent conflict and the power of vested interests threaten the rule of law .
in large parts of southern asia , violent conflicts threaten and the power of interest groups to the rule of law .
in large parts of south asia , violent conflicts and the power of interest groups are threatening the rule of law .

die anderen drei sind syriens verhalten im irak , seine beziehungen zu den usa und die notwendigkeit von reformen im inland .
the other three are syria &apos;s behavior in iraq , its relations with the us , and the need for domestic reform .
the other three are syria &apos;s behaviour in iraq , its relations with the united states and the need for reform .
the other three are syria &apos;s behaviour in iraq , its relations with the united states and the need for reforms .

als die verhandlungen vor sechs monaten begannen , war großbritannien an der reihe , die präsidentschaft im europäischen rat zu übernehmen .
when negotiations started six months ago , it was britain &apos;s turn to take over the presidency of the european council .
when the negotiations began six months ago , britain was a number of us to take over the presidency in the european council .
when the negotiations began six months ago , britain was the united kingdom to adopt the presidency in the european council .

kurz gesagt : dieselben eigenschaften , die die füchse zuverlässiger machen , machen sie auch weniger beliebt .
in short , the qualities that make foxes more accurate also make them less popular .
in short , the same characteristics , which make the crews reliable , make them less popular .
in short , the same characteristics that make the feed more reliable are making it less popular .

alle fünf schocks stellen historische entwicklungen dar , die gut für die welt insgesamt sind , aber problematisch für deutschland .
all five shocks constitute historical developments that are good for the world as a whole , but problematic for germany .
all five shocks are historical developments that are good for the world as a whole , but are problematic for germany .
all five shocks represent historic developments that are good for the world as a whole , but there are problems for germany .

christdemokratische parteien in verbindung mit der katholischen kirche und liberale sind etwas an den rand gedrängt worden .
christian-democratic parties , associated with the catholic church , and the liberals have been to some extent marginalized .
christian christian democratic parties in connection with the catholic church and liberals have been somewhat marginalised .
christian democratic parties in connection with the catholic church and liberals have been forced to the marginal .

sie haben lediglich , sozusagen im alleingang , die dringlichkeit einer grundlegenden neubewertung aufgezeigt , wie sie seit langem überfällig ist .
by themselves , they merely revealed the urgency of a fundamental reappraisal that has long been necessary .
you have only , so to speak , pointed out the urgency of a fundamental reassessment , as it has been long overdue .
you have just said , so to speak , that the urgency of a fundamental reassessment shows how it has been long overdue .

die uneinigkeit der eu hinsichtlich des krieges im irak sollte die herrschende harmonie in beinahe allen wichtigen internationalen fragen nicht überschatten .
the eu &apos;s disunity over the war in iraq should not overshadow its member states &apos; agreement on almost all other great questions of international affairs .
the eu &apos;s disagreement with regard to the war in iraq should not be overshadowed in almost all the important international issues .
the eu &apos;s disagreement with regard to the war in iraq should not overshadow the dominant harmony in almost all the important international issues .

in jedem fall aber würde die eu-praxis einer &quot; budgetdeckelung &quot; eine mit einem eu-beitritt verbundene kostenexplosion verhindern .
in any case , the eu &apos;s practice of &quot; capping &quot; its budget would prevent an explosion in the financial costs entailed by turkey &apos;s accession .
in any case , however , the eu practice of &apos; budget cover &apos; would prevent an increase in costs linked to eu membership .
in any case , however , eu practice of &apos; budgetary cover &apos; would prevent a cost increase in eu membership .

ökonomen nennen solche zyklischen , fiskalischen ankurbelungen , , automatische stabilisatoren`<unk> .
economists call these cyclical fiscal boosts ``automatic stabilizers . &apos; &apos;
in economic terms , such cyclical , fiscal increases , automatic stabilisers &apos; register .
in economic terms , such cyclical , fiscal innovation , automatic stable stabilisers .

die geberländer fordern die afrikaner immer häufiger auf , ihre handelspolitik , staatlichen institutionen , die öffentliche verwaltung usw. zu ändern .
donor countries incessantly ask africans to change their trade policies , government institutions , public administration , and more .
the donor countries are increasingly demanding africans to change their trade policy , state institutions , public administration and so on .
the donor countries are calling on the africans to change their trade policy , state institutions , public administration and so on .

zahlreiche beobachter beharren dennoch darauf , dass untersuchungshäftlinge , anstatt im gefängnis zu sitzen , gegen kaution freigelassen werden sollen .
many observers nonetheless insist that those under criminal investigation should be released on bail instead of being kept in prison .
however , many observers insist that amidst staff , instead of sitting in prison , should be released to be released .
however , many observers insist that investigations should be released instead of sitting in prison , instead of being released in prison .

die desillusionierung mit der politik und den politikern ist ebenfalls ein schlüsselelement unserer sehnsucht nach vom schicksal begünstigten führern .
disillusion with politics and politicians also is a key element of our yearning for providential leaders .
the recovery with politics and politicians is also a key element of our segregation after the fate of beneficiaries .
the dilution of politics and politicians is also a key element of our desire for the fate of beneficiaries .

zur opposition gehört die mehrheit der venezolanischen organisierten zivilgesellschaft , also nicht nur geschäftsleute , sondern auch gewerkschaften , berufsverbände und nro .
the opposition comprises most of venezuela &apos;s organized civil society , not only business , but also trade unions , professional associations , and ngos .
the opposition is a majority of the venice civil society , not only business people , but also trade unions , professional associations and ngos .
the opposition belongs to the majority of the latvian civil society , not only business people , but also trade unions , professional associations and ngos .

angesichts der serbischen aggression unter milosevic war die uno nicht in der lage den krieg am balkan zu beenden oder wenigstens die opfer zu schützen .
facing milosevic &apos;s multiple aggressions , the un could not stop the balkan wars or even protect its victims .
in view of the serbian aggression under milosevic , the un was unable to end the war in the balkans or at least to protect the victims .
given the serbian aggression under milosevic , the un was not in a position to end the war in the balkans or at least protect the victims .

die ermordung hariris macht dies sehr viel schwieriger , und syrien muss sich auf eine starke gegenreaktion der usa und frankreichs einstellen .
hariri &apos;s assassination makes that far more difficult , and syria must prepare for a strong backlash from the us and france .
the assassination of hariris makes this much more difficult , and syria must stop to a strong counter-response from the united states and france .
the assassination of hariris makes this much more difficult and syria must stop a strong counteract of the united states and france .

ebenso nimmt die syrische führung forderungen aus dem libanon selbst nach einem ende der seit 28 jahren andauernden syrischen militärpräsenz weiterhin nicht ernst .
syria &apos;s leaders also continue to dismiss demands from within lebanon for an end to syria &apos;s 28-year military presence .
similarly , the syrian leaders of lebanon , even after the end of the syrian military presence that has been continuing for 28 years , are still not taking seriously .
similarly , the syrian leadership from lebanon itself continues to take seriously after an end to the syrian military presence that has been continuing for 28 years .

unterdessen ging astbury 1928 nach leeds , wo auch er begann mit aminosäuren und proteinen zu arbeiten .
astbury , meanwhile , moved to leeds in 1928 , where he also began working on amino acids and proteins .
meanwhile , astbury 1928 went to lean , where he began to work with aminoes and protein .
in 1928 , asty bury went to lete , where he began to work with aminoins and protein .

zunächst allerdings müssen alle länder den klimaschutz in ihr politisches programm aufnehmen und ihre gebarung in den schlüsselbereichen wie energie , infrastruktur und transport verbessern .
but first , all countries must integrate climate concerns into policy planning , and improve their governance in key sectors such as energy , infrastructure , and transport .
however , first of all , all countries must include climate protection in their political programme and improve their production in key areas such as energy , infrastructure and transport .
first of all , however , all countries must include climate protection in their political programme and improve their implementation in key areas such as energy , infrastructure and transport .

wenn serbien zum westen dazugehören will , darf es diese gelegenheit nicht aufgeben , indem es sich selbst in seiner nationalistischen vergangenheit verfängt .
if serbia wants to join the west , it must not forsake that opportunity by trapping itself in its nationalist past .
if serbia wants to belong to the west , it must not give up this opportunity , even in its nationalist past .
if serbia wants to belong to the west , it must not abandon this opportunity , even in its nationalist past .

zhao ziyangs tod erinnert uns nicht nur daran , wie ungerecht er behandelt wurde , sondern auch wie einseitig chinas reformen sind .
zhao ziyang &apos;s death reminds us not only of how unjustly he was treated , but of how lopsided china &apos;s reforms have been .
zhao zio ziyange is not only reminded us of the unfair treatment of china , but also of unilateral china ’ s reforms .
we are not only reminded of the unfair treatment that he has been treated , but also of the unilateral reform of china .

ich bekam also ein geschenk , das wiederum nur eine weitere demonstration der willkürlichen macht des präsidenten war und keineswegs ein beweis für den respekt moralischer prinzipien .
i was receiving a gift--itself merely another demonstration of the president &apos;s arbitrary exercise of power--not proof of respect for moral principles .
i would therefore like to see a gift , which , in turn , was only another demonstration of the arbitrary power of the president , and no evidence of respect for moral principles .
so i have a gift that was only another demonstration of the arbitrary power of the president and , in no way , proof of respect for moral principles .

solange die westlichen regierungen jedoch kein tiefer greifendes verständnis davon entwickeln , wie diese strukturen funktionieren , werden sie im kampf gegen agile terroristische unternehmen chancenlos sein .
however , if western governments do not develop a deep understanding of how these structures operate , they stand no chance of combating the agile terrorist enterprise .
however , as long as the western governments do not develop a profound understanding of how these structures work , they will be powerless in the fight against terrorist companies .
however , as long as the western governments do not develop a profound understanding of how these structures work , they will be unfounded in the fight against terrorist companies .

lateinamerika mag zwar für seine &quot; macho-kultur &quot; bekannt sein , aber die teilnahme der frauen am arbeitsmarkt steigt und sie erreichen hohe politische ämter und gesellschaftliche positionen .
latin america may be known for its &quot; macho &quot; culture , but women increasingly participate in the labor force and attain prominent political and social positions .
latin america may well be known for its &apos; machocultural culture &apos; , but women &apos;s participation in the labour market is increasing and they reach high political offices and social positions .
latin america may well be known for its &apos; macho-culture &apos; , but the participation of women in the labour market is increasing and they reach high political offices and social positions .

sie wissen sich bei auseinandersetzungen wuchtig in szene zu setzen , indem sie vielfältige gründe anführen , warum sie selbst recht und die anderen unrecht haben .
they know how to stoke momentum in an argument by multiplying reasons why they are right and others are wrong .
you are aware of the clash of clashes by setting out many reasons why you yourself have the right and the others wrong .
you know that there is a great deal of reason to be found in conflicts by giving out many reasons why you yourself are right and the others are wrong .

umgekehrt ermöglicht die finanzierung durch die öffentliche hand gewagtere programmgestaltung , auch wenn der geschmack des publikums eher zur konservativen seite tendiert .
a corollary is that public money makes it possible for adventuresome programming even if audience tastes run to the conservative side .
on the other hand , the funding by the public hand allows for more efficient programming , even if the taste of the public is rather tended to the conservative side .
on the other hand , funding can be made available by the public authorities , even though the taste of the publication of the conservative party is more inclined .

da die vorstellungen von den menschenrechten immer noch rudimentär sind , kann man im besten falle darauf hoffen , dass langsam ein bewusstsein dafür geschaffen wird .
because concepts of human rights remain rudimentary , the best that can be hoped for is that awareness will slowly begin to take hold .
since the ideas of human rights are still ruthless , it is best to hope that there will be a growing awareness of this .
since the ideas of human rights are still rudious , we can best hope that it is slow to create a sense of awareness .

diejenigen , die gegen die aktionen der koalition im irak waren , reden sich dann gewöhnlich darauf aus , dass , , ordnung &quot; eben über &quot; anarchie &quot; zu stehen habe .
those who opposed the actions of the coalition in iraq usually fall back on the answer that &quot; order &quot; must have primacy over &quot; anarchy &quot; .
those who were opposed to the actions of the coalition in iraq are usually talking about the fact that order is just about anarchy .
those who were opposed to the actions of the coalition in iraq are usually talking about the fact that &apos; order &apos; should be &apos; anarchy &apos; .

anders gesagt , wir müssen im einklang mit der erkenntnis handeln , dass der klimawandel und seine auswirkungen auf die menschen in reichen wie in armen ländern eine bedrohung der globalen sicherheit bleibt .
in other words , we must act in accordance with the recognition that climate change and its effects on people in both rich and poor countries remains a threat to global security .
in other words , we must act in accordance with the recognition that climate change and its impact on people in rich countries , such as poor countries , remains a threat to global security .
in other words , we must act in accordance with the understanding that climate change and its impact on people in rich countries such as poor countries remain a threat to global security .

der kosovo hat sich seit dieser zeit zu einem internationalen experiment zum aufbau von gesellschaften entwickelt , geleitet von der zwischenzeitlichen verwaltungsmission der vereinten nationen im kosovo ( unmik ) .
kosovo has subsequently become an international experiment in society building , led by the un interim administration mission in kosovo ( unmik ) .
kosovo has been developing for a time now on an international experiment to build societies , led by the united nations interim management mission in kosovo ( unppel ) .
since this time , kosovo has developed an international experiment on the construction of societies , led by the united nations interim management mission in kosovo ( unreported ) .

wenn sie bei general motors ein auto kaufen , gehen 80 cents von jedem dollar an gm , das im wesentlichen nichts weiter tut , als sich selbst zu verwalten .
when you buy a car from general motors , 80 cents from each dollar goes to gm , which mostly only manages itself .
if you buy a car in general motors , 80 cists from each dollar go to each dollar , which essentially does nothing further than to manage themselves .
if you buy a car in general motors , 80 cents go to each dollar , which essentially does nothing more than manage itself .

die vereinigten staaten und ihre europäischen freunde haben wiederholt ihre absicht bekräftigt , die schwierige entscheidung , ob der kosovo von serbien getrennt wird , vor dem ende des jahres zu treffen .
the united states and its european friends have repeatedly stated their intent to make the difficult decision before the end of the year on whether to separate kosovo from serbia .
the united states and its european friends have repeatedly confirmed their intention to make the difficult decision to make kosovo separate from serbia before the end of the year .
the united states and their european friends have repeatedly confirmed their intention to make the difficult decision , whether kosovo will be separate from serbia before the end of the year .

wird ihm der drahtseilakt gelingen , die sicherheit auf der halbinsel zu gewährleisten , die amerikaner bei der stange zu halten und das vertrauen seiner wähler zu rechtfertigen ?
can he walk the tightrope of maintaining security on the peninsula , keeping america engaged , and retaining the support of the voters who elected him ?
will he succeed in ensuring the safety of the hallmark , keeping the americans in the body and justify the confidence of his electorate ?
will he be able to guarantee the safety of the peninsula , to keep the americans in the hands of their electorate and justify the confidence of his electorate ?

leider war der gastgeber des gipfels im jahr 2000 josé manuel barroso , damals portugiesischer ministerpräsident und derzeit präsident der europäischen kommission , der sich mit seiner präsidentschaft für die lissabon-strategie stark macht .
unfortunately , the host of the 2000 summit was josé manuel barroso , then prime minister of portugal and current president of the european commission , who has staked his presidency on the lisbon strategy .
unfortunately , the host of the summit in 2000 , josé manuel barroso , then portuguese prime minister and now president of the european commission , who , with his presidency , has been strong in favour of the lisbon strategy .
unfortunately , the host of the summit in 2000 , josé manuel barroso , at the time portuguese prime minister and the president of the european commission , who has been strong in his presidency for the lisbon strategy .

statt jedoch auf die forderungen der front einzugehen und eine gesunde bilaterale beziehung zwischen gleichberechtigten ländern aufzubauen , ist syrien bisher bemüht , die opposition zu spalten und erneut seine kontrolle geltend zu machen .
yet rather than address the front &apos;s demands and shape a healthy bilateral relationship between equal countries , syria has sought to divide the opposition and reassert control .
however , instead of referring to the demands of the front , and building a healthy bilateral relationship between equal countries , syria has so far been trying to bring the opposition into line and to re-establish its control .
however , instead of taking into account the demands of the front and building a healthy bilateral relationship between equal countries , syria has so far tried to divide the opposition and once again exercise its control .

die aufsicht zu regeln und durchzusetzen , ist wichtig , doch werden dabei in vielen der innovativen asiatischen wirtschaften zunehmend unterschiedliche vorgehensweisen - sagen wir , bei der öffentlichen und privaten partnerschaft - beachtet .
monitoring rules and enforcement are important , but different ways of working--say , through public-private partnerships--are also increasingly being considered in many innovative asian economies .
it is important to regulate and enforce supervision , but in many of the innovative asian economies there are increasingly different approaches - we say , in the public and private partnership - to be respected .
it is important to regulate and enforce supervision , but in many of the innovative asian economies , there are increasingly different approaches - we say , in the public and private partnership .

die franzosen haben vielleicht den verbrauchermarkt erfunden , den vorgänger des großeinkaufsmarktes , doch war es nie ihre absicht , diese märkte ungehemmt wachsen zu lassen .
the french may have invented the hyper mart -- the forerunner of the big-box store -- but they never intended to let their growth go unchecked .
the french have perhaps invented the consumer market , the predecessors of the big purchase market , but it has never been their intention to unblock these markets .
the french people may have found the consumer market , the predecessor of the big market , but it has never been their intention to grow these markets unhindered .

die wichtigste durch nmd aufgeworfene frage ist nicht , wie man sich auf eine zukünftige welt der raketenabwehr vorbereiten sollte , sondern , wie man die heutige politische unruhe verringern kann .
the main question nmd poses is not how to prepare for a future world of missile defense but how to dampen today &apos;s political concerns .
the most important question raised by nmd is not how to prepare for a future world of missile defence , but how to reduce today &apos;s political fears .
the most important question raised by nmd is not how we should prepare for a future world of missile defence , but how we can reduce today &apos;s political concern .

erstens haben die skeptiker recht mit ihrer warnung , dass , wenn experten in großer zahl ins rampenlicht drängen , sich viele von ihnen verleiten lassen , das eigene wissen zu übertreiben .
first , as the <<unk>> tics warned , when hordes of pundits are jostling for the limelight , many are tempted to claim that they know more than they do .
firstly , the sceptics have the right of their warning that , if experts are pressing in a large number of places , many of them can get rid of their own knowledge .
first of all , the sceptics are right with their warning that , if experts insist on a large number of times , many of them are left out of their own knowledge .

eine jüngst durchgeführte meinungsumfrage zeigte , dass lediglich 54,8 % der südkoreaner die stationierung amerikanischer truppen im land befürworten , während sich 31,7 % dagegen aussprechen .
according to a recent poll , only 54.8 % of koreans now support the stationing of american troops in the country , while 31.7 % oppose it .
a recent opinion assessment question showed that only 54.8 % of south korean troops support the deployment of american troops in the country , while 31.7 % opposed to it .
a recent statement of opinion showed that only 54.8 % of the south korean people are in favour of the deployment of american troops in the country , while 31.7 % against it .

es ist eigenartig , wie viele leute anscheinend denken , dass die usa in den nächsten zehn jahren schneller wachsen werden als europa und japan , nur weil sie das in den letzten zehn jahren getan haben .
it is curious how many people seem to think that the us will grow faster than europe and japan over the next ten years simply because it has done so for the past ten years .
it is self-evident , as many people seem to think , that the united states will grow faster in the next ten years than europe and japan , only because they have done so in the last ten years .
it is strange how many people seem to think that in the next ten years , the united states will grow faster than europe and japan , only because they have done that over the last ten years .

vor fünfundzwanzig jahren waren die menschen in polen überwältigt , als ihr landsmann kardinal karol wojtyla aus krakau zum papst gewählt wurde .
twenty-five years ago , poland &apos;s people were stunned by the choice of their compatriot , cardinal karol wojtyla of cracow , as pope .
twenty-five years ago , the people of poland were killed when their landmark kardinal cardinal karol wojtyla from krakau was elected to the pope .
twenty years ago , the people of poland were killed in poland when their compatriots of kardinal karol wojla tyla from krakau were elected to the pope .

all diese anlagen können potenziell so gestaltet werden , dass sie die wasserversorgung für die stromerzeugung , bewässerung und die private sowie industrielle nutzung verbessern und erweitern , gleichzeitig aber auch einen schutz gegen dürre und überschwemmungen bieten .
these can all potentially be designed to improve and expand water supplies for power generation , irrigation , and household and industrial use , while providing security against droughts and protection from floods .
all these installations may potentially be designed to improve and broaden water supply for electricity production , irrigation and private use and industrial use , but also provide protection against drought and floods .
all these plants can be made potentially so that they can improve the supply of water for electricity , irresponsibility and increase private and industrial use , while at the same time providing protection against drought and floods .

die europäische kommission sollte daher ihre rückzugsgefechte einstellen , die nur ihre glaubwürdigkeit aufs spiel setzen , vor allem in den augen der kleinen länder , die man als einzige dazu drängen kann , unerwünschte haushaltspolitische bestimmungen zu akzeptieren .
so the european commission should stop fighting a rearguard battle that merely weakens its credibility , especially in the eyes of small countries , which are the only ones that can be bullied into accepting unwanted fiscal rules .
the european commission should therefore stop its backgrounds , which only endanger its credibility , especially in the eyes of small countries , which can only be urged to accept unwanted budgetary provisions .
that is why the european commission should stop its withdrawal , which only put its credibility at risk , especially in the eyes of the small countries , which can only be urged to accept unwanted budgetary rules .

aber zahlreiche kommentatoren glauben , dass die wähler gegen die in ihren augen voreilige aufnahme von zehn neuen mitgliedsstaaten protestierten , bei denen es sich vorwiegend um viel ärmere länder aus mittel- und osteuropa handelte .
but many commentators believe that they were protesting against what they perceived as the precipitate admission of ten new member states , mainly much poorer countries from central and eastern europe .
however , many commentators believe that the voters protested against the accession of ten new member states in their eyes , where it was mainly a much poorer countries from central and eastern europe .
however , many commentators believe that the voters protested against the entry into their eyes of ten new member states , which were mainly a great deal of poorer countries from central and eastern europe .

auf grundlage von hochrechungen der wachstumstrends erscheint es sicher , dass die preise in den meisten dieser städte über ein weiteres jahr oder länger noch beträchtlich steigen werden , selbst wenn die steigerungsrate weiterhin sinkt .
based on extrapolation of growth trends , it looks safe to predict that prices will go up substantially in most of these places for another year or more , even as the rate of increase continues to decline .
on the basis of high levels of growth , it seems certain that prices in most of these cities will be increased over a further year or longer , even if the rate of growth continues to fall .
on the basis of high levels of growth , it seems certain that prices in most of these cities will increase over a further year or longer , even if the rate of increase continues .

als kriegsgegner verschlug es uns die sprache , als wir die ergebnisse vor uns hatten . unsere konservativen bis moderaten schätzungen bewegten sich zwischen etwas weniger als einer billion und mehr als 2 billionen dollar .
even we , as opponents of the war , were staggered by what we found , with conservative to moderate estimates ranging from slightly less than a trillion dollars to more than $ 2 trillion .
when we had the results before us , our conservatives and moderates were more than a little less than a little more than 2 billion dollars .
when we had the results we had before us , our conservatives have moved on to moderate estimates between a little less than one day and more than 2 million dollars .

daher argumentieren die kritiker , dass wir die unwesentlichen $ 70 pro kopf heute wesentlich dringender brauchen , als die reicheren leute von 2100 die $ 500 bräuchten , die sie gewinnen würden , wenn ihnen die auswirkungen des globalen klimawandels erspart blieben .
so the critics argue that we need the marginal $ 70 per capita today much more than the richer people of 2100 will need the $ 500 that they would gain from being spared the effects of global climate change .
that is why the critics argue that we need the insignificant content of 70 per capita today much more urgent than the richer people of 2100 needed the 500 people who would win if they were to save the effects of global climate change .
that is why the critics argue that we need the insignificant 70 per capita today much more urgent than the richer people of 2100 would have the 500 needs they would gain if they were to save the effects of global climate change .

in der tat hat sich unsere heutige demokratie eine popkultur ständig wechselnder moden zu eigen gemacht : die heute allgemeine hysterie hervorrufende popgruppe ist morgen bereits vergessen , und es stehen immer schon neue auf abruf bereit .
indeed , democracy nowadays has embraced a pop culture of rapidly passing fads ; today &apos;s hysteria-generating pop group is forgotten tomorrow , and there are always more waiting in the wings .
in fact , today ’ s democracy has constantly taken on a popic culture of the moon : today ’ s general hystness is already forgotten tomorrow , and it is always ready for new reputation .
in fact , today &apos;s democracy has constantly taken into account a popan culture of mood : the general hysty of the popi group is already forgotten tomorrow , and it is always ready for new reputation .

die federal reserve hat zu lange gewartet , um den normalisierungsprozess einzuleiten , und weil sie die zinsen in der abschwungsphase des zinszyklus aggressiver gesenkt hat , muss sie sie während des zinsaufschwungs nun auch aggressiver anheben .
the fed waited too long to start the normalization process , and , because it was more aggressive in lowering rates in the downward phase of the interest-rate cycle , it has had to be more aggressive in raising them in the upward phase .
the federal reserve has been waiting for too long to initiate the normal process of reform , and because it has reduced interest rates in the downward phase of the interest cycle of interest rates , it must now be increased in the context of interest rates .
the federal reserve has been waiting for too long to start the normal process of change , and because it has reduced interest rates at the halfway of the interest cycle , it must now increase it at the level of interest rates .

die nato zum beispiel entwickelt sich gerade von einer allianz des kalten krieges , die nur auf europa konzentriert war , zu einer organisation , die sich den heutigen sicherheitsrisiken stellt , wo immer sie auftauchen mögen , wie in afghanistan und vielleicht im irak .
nato , for example , is evolving from a cold war alliance focused solely on europe to one suited to meeting today &apos;s security challenges wherever they may arise , such as in afghanistan and possibly iraq .
for example , nato is developing , for example , by an alliance of the cold war , which was only focused on europe , on an organisation that presents today &apos;s security risks , where they always appear , as in afghanistan and perhaps in iraq .
for example , nato is developing just from an alliance of cold war , which has only been concentrated on europe , to an organisation that is facing today &apos;s safety risks , where they always appear , such as afghanistan and perhaps in iraq .

angesichts der langen vorlaufzeit zwischen der vorbereitung eines projekts und dem ersten nutzen einer emissionsreduktion haben die projektentwickler nur ein paar jahre zeit , bevor die in diesem zusammenhang geleisteten zahlungen keinen sinnvollen beitrag mehr zur projektfinanzierung im aktuellen kontext liefern .
given the long lead time between project preparation and the first benefits of emissions reductions , project developers have only a few years to act before carbon payments cease to make a meaningful contribution to project finance in the current context .
in view of the long period of preparation for a project and the first benefit of a reduction in emissions , the project projects have only a few years to come before the payments made in this context make no meaningful contribution to project financing in the current context .
in view of the long period between preparation for a project and the first benefits of a reduction in emissions , the project projects have only a few years before the payments made in this context do not make any useful contribution to project financing in the current context .

verfechter einer umgänglicheren herangehensweise äußern , die uno werde , wenn sie sich heraushalte , irrelevant werden ; würde sie aber ihren anteil im irak übernehmen , dürfte sie in amerika vertrauen gewinnen , so dass dann , wenn wieder einmal ein streit wie dieser hier ausbräche , amerika sich früher an die uno wenden werde .
advocates of a softer approach say that if the un stays on the sidelines , it will become irrelevant ; by participating in iraq , it will build trust with america , so that the next time a dispute such as this arises , america will turn earlier to the un .
if the un were to be excluded , it would be more popular , but it would take its share in iraq , it should win confidence in america , so that , once again , a dispute like this here , america will turn to the un earlier .
if the un is to be taken into account , it would be irrelevant , but it would assume its share in iraq , it should win confidence in america , so that once again a dispute like this house , america will turn to the un earlier .

unterdessen haben wachsende arbeitslosigkeit , größer werdende ausbildungs- und produktivitätslücken und die &quot; informalisierung &quot; und &quot; liberalisierung &quot; der arbeitsmärkte die einkommensungleichheit weltweit verschärft , während sich die anzahl der &quot; arbeitenden armen &quot; und das auftreten von &quot; jobless growth &quot; ( wachstum ohne wachsende beschäftigung ) ausgeweitet haben .
meanwhile , growing unemployment , widening skill and productivity gaps , and the &quot; informalization &quot; or &quot; casualization &quot; of labor markets have exacerbated income inequalities worldwide , as the number of &quot; working poor &quot; and the incidence of &quot; jobless growth &quot; has spread .
the increase in unemployment , increased education and productivity gaps and the &apos; informal &apos; and &apos; liberalisation &apos; of labour markets have exacerbated the inequality of income throughout the world , while the number of &apos; poor working &apos; and the emergence of &apos; jobless &apos; ( growing growth without employment ) have increased .
the increase in unemployment , increased training and productivity gaps and the &apos; informal &apos; and &apos; liberalisation &apos; of labour markets are exacerbating the inequality of labour markets throughout the world , while the number of &apos; poor &apos; and the rise in &apos; jobless &apos; growth ( growth without increasing employment ) has increased .

sicher jedoch ist , dass das vakuum , das sharons ausscheiden aus der politik hinterlassen hat , umso bemerkenswerter ist angesichts der aus dem von israel geräumten gazastreifen zu uns dringenden bilder des chaos und des sich vor unseren augen abspielenden zusammenbruchs der palästinenserbehörde .
what is certain is that the vacuum left by sharon &apos;s departure from politics is all the more striking in view of the images of chaos emerging from the gaza that israel has vacated , and the collapse of the palestinian authority before our eyes .
however , it is certain that the vacuum , which has left sharply out of politics , is all the more remarkable in the light of the urgent images of the chaos of the palestinian authority , which israel has received from israel , and which we face from our eyes to the conflict of the palestinian authority .
however , it is certain , however , that the vacuum that the sharks have left out of the policy is all the more remarkable in view of the gaza strip used by israel , which is a matter of urgency to us of chaos and of the collapse of the palestinian authority before our eyes .

sie behauptet , dass die ultranationalistische radikale partei bei den nächsten wahlen an die macht käme , wenn der kosovo unabhängig wird , und glaubt , dass sie die kontaktgruppe dazu bringen könnte , den vorschlag an den sicherheitsrat zu verschieben , wenn sie bereits in diesem jahr wahlen abhält .
it claims that if kosovo is granted independence , the ultranationalist radical party will come to power in the next elections , and believes that holding elections as early as this year will cause the contact group to delay a proposal to the security council .
you claim that the ulary radical radical party would be in power at the next elections if kosovo is independent , and that it could bring the contact group to postpone the proposal to the security council if it is already holding elections this year .
if kosovo is independent , and believes that it could bring the contact group to postpone the council &apos;s proposal to the security council when it is held in this year &apos;s elections .

die stã <unk> rke eines kanzlers beruht jedoch nicht primã <unk> r auf den ihm ã ¼ bertragenen verfassungsmã <unk> ã <unk> igen befugnissen , sondern auf dem rã ¼ ckhalt , den er innerhalb der eigenen partei genieã <unk> t .
however , the main source of any german chancellor &apos;s strength is not to be found in the legal powers conferred upon him by the constitution ; it is the actual support he holds within his own party .
however , a chancellor of the european parliament is not a prime minister , who is a member of the european parliament , who is not a prime minister , who is responsible for the involvement of the central bank , in the vicinity of the european parliament , in the process of the involvement of the central bank of central and eastern europe .
however , it is not a matter of great concern to a chancellor that is not the key element of the premise of the violence that he has committed to the constitutional process of justice , but that it is based on the rhindry of justice , that he is strongly committed to the violence that he has committed in his own party .

unzählige details wurden beachtet : thailand flog botschafter in die betroffenen landesteile , damit diese ihren landsleuten hilfe leisten konnten ; man half menschen , die ihr geld und ihren pass verloren hatten bei ihrer heimkehr ; die verletzten wurden versorgt , systeme zur leichenidentifizierung geschaffen und nach lösungen gesucht , um die probleme im zusammenhang mit dem mangel an leichensäcken und gekühlten aufbewahrungsorten für die toten bewältigen .
myriad details were addressed : thailand flew ambassadors to the affected part of the country to help attend to the needs of their citizens , helped those who lost their money and passports return home , provided health care for the injured , set up systems to identify bodies , and dealt with the difficulties posed by shortages of body bags and the lack of cold storage facilities .
many details have been taken into account : thailand &apos;s ambassadors have been taken into account in the countries affected , so that they have been able to help their compatriots ; people who have lost their money and their passport in their homes have lost their homes ; the final systems have been created to identify and find solutions to resolve problems related to the lack of difficulty and the deaths of the dead .
mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to take this opportunity to pay attention to many details : thailand ’ s ambassador to the owners concerned , so that they could provide aid to their compelled people ; people who had lost their money and their passport in their homes ; the last supply has been made available to identify systems to identify and find solutions to find solutions to deal with the problems associated with the lack of treatment and refritions for the deaths of the deaths of the dead .

zwar scheint es verfrã ¼ ht , von einer kanzlerdã <unk> mmerung zu sprechen , wie dies auf einigen seiten derzeit der fall ist , oder schrã <unk> ders ã ¼ berraschenden schritt als â <unk> <unk> anfang vom ende &quot; seiner amtszeit zu bezeichnen , doch ist es vollkommen richtig , hierin einen dramatischen machtverlust zu sehen .
while it seems to be premature to speak , as some in germany now do , of a &quot; twilight of the chancellor &quot; or to call schröder &apos;s surprising step &quot; the beginning of the end &quot; of his tenure , it is perfectly correct to describe it as a dramatic loss of power .
although it seems to be relegated to the vicinity of a central bank , as is currently the case of the council , the council of europe , the council of europe , which is , at the very beginning of its term of office , it seems to be a great deal to be called a dramatic loss of power , such as a number of sides of the council , the council of the council of the european union , the council and the council of the council of the european union , the pig of the council , and the pig of the member states , in the early term , is an absolute step in his term of office of office , but it is completely out of a dramatic loss of power .
although it seems that it seems that it seems to be fresh to talk of a growing role for the chancellor , as is currently the case on some sides , the issue of the development of the action plan , or the action plan for action , which is the first step of the end of the term of office &apos; its term &apos; , it seems to be quite regrettable that there is a very serious loss of power in such a dramatic loss of power , as in some quarters , at the moment , in the case of the case of the case of a few pages , or the development of the action plan , which is the case , which is the case , the case of which is a failure to take place , which is a major steps forward .

