sie nehmen ihre eigenen theorien zu wichtig .
they take their theories too seriously .
they take their own theories too important .
you take your own thesis too important .

die neue babyboom-generation
the new baby boomers
the new baby booming generation
the new boom-generation generation

&quot; ich komme zu spät &quot; .
&quot; i have come too late . &quot;
&apos;i come too late &apos; .
&apos; i come too late &apos; .

die regierungen zogen unverzüglich nach .
governments promptly obliged with more of the same .
the governments immediately reside .
the governments immediately take up the governments .

der virtuelle feind
the virtual enemy
virtual enemy
virtual enemy

der irak war ein solcher staat , aber es gibt noch andere .
iraq was such a state , but there are others .
iraq was such a state , but there are others .
iraq was such a state , but there are others .

für afrika und teile asiens sind die zahlen noch schlechter .
the figures are worse in africa and parts of asia .
the figures for africa and parts of asia are even worse .
the figures for africa and parts of asia are even worse .

mit 80 millionen einwohnern wäre die türkei eines der größten eu-länder .
with 80 million people , turkey would be one of the largest eu states .
with 80 million inhabitants , turkey would be one of the largest eu countries .
with 80 million inhabitants , turkey would be one of the largest eu countries .

vier argumente brachten bush und blair für diesen krieg vor :
bush and blair made four claims :
four arguments put forward by bush and blair for this war :
four arguments presented to bush and blair for this war :

immer wieder stellt er die wissenschaftlichen beweise in frage .
time and again , he questions the scientific evidence .
it is repeatedly calling into question scientific evidence .
he is constantly calling into question the scientific evidence .

· institutionen zur marktstabilisierung ( management des steuer- und finanzwesens ) ;
market-stabilizing institutions ( for monetary and fiscal management ) ;
institutions for the stabilisation of the market ( management of tax and finance ) ;
negotiating institutions for market stabilisation ( management of tax and financial markets ) ;

geht es bei der integration um gemeinsame werte oder um einen beitrag zu diesen werten ?
is it about sharing them or about contributing to them ?
is it about integrating common values or making a contribution to these values ?
is the integration of common values or a contribution to these values ?

in einem ganz anderen zusammenhang sind die merkmale dieser neuen struktur bereits untersucht worden .
the characteristics of this new structure have already been studied in a very different context .
in a completely different context , the characteristics of this new structure have already been examined .
in a very different context , the characteristics of this new structure have already been examined .

es ist gut , dass johannes paul ii unter uns weilt .
it is good that john paul ii is among us .
it is good that john paul ii is here with us .
it is good that john paul ii is under us .

in der praxis wurde aus dem gruppenzwang jedoch gemeinsamer schwindel .
in practice , however , peer pressure has become peer collusion .
in practice , however , common thresholds have been imposed on the group .
in practice , however , there has been a common pigs from the group force .

die vorteile virtueller unternehmen ergeben sich aus ihrer &quot; leichtheit &quot; im vergleich zur üblichen stabilität .
the benefits of virtual enterprises stem from their lightness over stability .
the virtual companies are the result of their &apos; lighter &apos; compared with normal stability .
the benefits of virtual companies are resulting from their &apos; ease &apos; compared to normal stability .

vor zwei jahren rechnete man in den usa mit haushaltsüberschüssen soweit das auge reicht .
two years ago , the us predicted budget surpluses as far as the eye could see .
two years ago , in the united states , we were looking at budgetary surpluses as far as that is concerned .
two years ago , in the united states , we saw budgetary surpluses as far as we are concerned .

die kettenreaktion des wiedererwachenden nationalismus verändert die politische landschaft auf gefährliche weise .
the chain reaction of reawakening nationalisms is altering the political landscape in dangerous ways .
the chain reaction of the restructured nationalism is changing the political landscape in a dangerous way .
the ke-up reaction of the reawaited nationalism changes the political landscape in a dangerous way .

in diesem jahrhundert werden die hoffnungen auf eine neue weltordnung auf andere weise infrage gestellt .
this century now challenges the hopes for a new world order in new ways .
in this century , the hopes of a new world order are being called into question in a different way .
in this century , the hopes of a new world order are raised in other ways .

die natur verfolgt , wie wir am beispiel des tsunami gesehen haben , ihren eigenen fahrplan .
nature , as we have learned from the tsunami , has its own timetable .
the nature of nature , as we have seen on the example of the tsunami , is pursuing its own roadmap .
the nature of nature , as we have seen in the case of the tsunami , is its own road map .

zwei jahrzehnte neoliberaler wirtschaftspolitik haben in den entwicklungsländern zu enttäuschenden ergebnissen geführt .
two decades of applying neoliberal economic policies to the developing world have yielded disappointing results .
two decades of neo-liberal economic policy have resulted in disappointing results in developing countries .
two decades of neo-liberal economic policy have led to disappointing results in developing countries .

was ist nun also der grund für die rätselhafte abwesenheit realen wachstums in den letzten 25 jahren ?
what , then , accounts for the puzzling lack of real growth over the past 25 years ?
so what is the reason for the absence of real growth in the last 25 years ?
so what is the reason for the lack of real growth in recent 25 years ?

was die kritiker häufig jedoch nicht sagen , ist , dass dieselbe logik auf die heutige welt zutrifft .
but what the critics often don &apos;t say is that the same logic applies to the world today .
however , what the critics often do not say is that the same logic applies to today &apos;s world .
however , what the critics often do not say is that the same logic applies to the world today .

hoffen wir , dass die ökonomen von heute die lektion ihrer unerwünschten geister auch lernen .
let &apos;s hope that today &apos;s economists also learn the lessons of their unwanted ghosts .
let us hope that the economists of today learn the lesson of their undesirable hostages .
let us hope that the economy of today will learn the lesson of its unwanted hostage .

eine indirekte kritik an der gegenwart ist in der regel ein schlüsselelement bei der verklärung der vergangenheit .
indirect criticism of the present is usually a key element in idealized views of the past .
indirect criticism of the present is usually a key element in clarifying the past .
an indirect criticism of the present is usually a key element in the clarification of the past .

dass alle medikamente neben ihrem nutzen bestimmten patienten auch schaden können , ist eine tatsache der arzneimittelsicherheit .
inherent to drug safety is the fact that all drugs , in addition to their benefits , cause harm in certain patients .
it is a fact of pharmaceutical safety that all medicines , alongside their use , can also damage certain patients .
all medicines can also damage , alongside their benefit , to certain patients , is a fact of medicines safety .

trotzdem sind viele junge menschen nur unzureichend auf den besuch einer weiter führenden schule vorbereitet , und es gibt zu wenige plätze .
yet many young people are ill prepared for secondary school , and places are scarce .
nevertheless , many young people are not prepared for a further school visit , and there are too few places .
nevertheless , many young people are not prepared to visit a further school , and there are too few places .

nach der ermordung des früheren libanesischen premierministers rafik hariri richteten sich aller augen auf syrien .
all eyes turned to syria following the assassination of former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri .
after the assassination of former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri , all the eyes of syria .
after the assassination of the former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri , all the eyes were on syria .

warum informieren sich nicht mehr junge leute darüber , wie man das risiko einer hiv / aids-infektion verringern kann ?
why don &apos;t more young people learn how to lower the risk of getting hiv / aids ?
why do young people no longer know how to reduce the risk of hiv / aids infection ?
why do we no longer inform young people about how to reduce the risk of hiv / aids infection ?

mancherorts bessert sich die situation heutzutage , wie beispielsweise in brasilien , das einer positiven zukunft entgegensieht .
the situation today is improving in some places - such as brazil - which augurs well for the future .
in some places , the situation is improving today , such as in brazil , which is a positive future .
the situation is improving today , such as brazil , which is in favour of a positive future .

das vordringlichste anliegen der koreaner ist nicht die sicherheit , sondern der allgemeine wunsch nach veränderung .
a popular yearning for change , not the security situation , is now the overriding concern of ordinary koreans .
the most pressing concern of the korean people is not security , but the general desire for change .
the most urgent concern of the korean anger is not security , but the general desire for change .

diese für die zukunft der instabilen region essenzielle entscheidung wird die entschlossenheit und einheit des westens auf die probe stellen .
this decision -- crucial to the future of an unstable region -- will test western determination and unity .
this decision for the future of the unstable region will test the determination and unity of the west .
this decision for the future of the instable region will test the determination and unity of the west .

das größte problem ist europas unfähigkeit , nicht bloß im schneckentempo zu wachsen und seine bürger mit arbeitsplätzen zu versorgen .
the deepest problem is europe &apos;s inability to grow at more than a snail &apos;s pace and to provide jobs to its citizens .
the biggest problem is europe &apos;s inability not only to grow at a snapshot and to provide its citizens with jobs .
the biggest problem is europe &apos;s inability not to grow just at the pace and provide its citizens with jobs .

kein serbisches oberhaupt wird der unabhängigkeit des kosovo zustimmen , weil der nationalismus die vorherrschende politische kraft im land bleibt .
no serbian leader will agree to kosovo &apos;s independence , because nationalism remains the dominant political force in the country .
no serbian leader will agree with the independence of kosovo , because nationalism remains the dominant political force in the country .
no serbian leader will vote in favour of kosovo &apos;s independence because nationalism remains the dominant political force in the country .

ein weiteres hinausschieben der zinsnormalisierung durch die ezb könnte durchaus zu einem üblen anstieg der inflation führen .
further procrastination on interest-rate normalization by the ecb could well lead to a nasty bout of inflation .
another hindrance of interest normalisation by the ecb could well lead to a normal rise in inflation .
another hindrance of the standardisation of interest rates by the ecb could well lead to a normal increase in inflation .

wenn man die liebe zur klassischen musik fördern möchte , gibt es einige gezieltere möglichkeiten als billige eintrittskarten .
if a taste for classical music is to be subsidized , some more targeted subsidies should be preferred to cheap prices .
if we want to promote the love of classic music , there are some more targeted opportunities than cheap tickets .
if we want to promote the love of traditional music , there are some more targeted opportunities than cheap cards .

· patienten müssen besser über die risiken von verschreibungspflichtigen medikamenten informiert und stärker in die erkennung und meldung einbezogen werden .
· patients need to be better informed about the risks of prescription drugs and more involved in detection and reporting .
patients must be better informed about the risks of prescriptive medicines and more involved in detecting and reporting .
patients must be better informed about the risks of prescriptive medicines and should be more involved in the detection and reporting .

wenn die unstimmigkeiten so tief greifend sind wie in der landwirtschaft , kann es keine kompromisse geben , die erfolgreiche verhandlungen zulassen würden .
when disagreements run as deep as they do on agriculture , there can be no give-and-take of the kind that allows for successful negotiations .
if the inconsistencies are as profound as in agriculture , there can be no compromise that would allow successful negotiations to take place .
if the inconsistencies are as deep as in agriculture , there can be no compromises that would allow successful negotiations .

westeuropas errungenschaften seit dem zweiten weltkrieg zählen zu den eindrucksvollsten und am meisten ermutigenden erfolgsgeschichten der weltgeschichte .
western europe &apos;s accomplishments since world war ii are among the most heartening and impressive success stories in world history .
western europe &apos;s achievements since the second world war are among the most impressive and most encouraging success stories of world history .
western europe &apos;s achievements since the second world war have been the most impressive and most encouraging success in world history .

natürlich verlangt eine demokratie , dass die zeit , die eine regierung hat , um ihre macht unangefochten auszuüben , begrenzt ist .
to be sure , democracy implies limiting the time that the powerful have to exercise their power without challenge .
of course , a democracy requires that the time that a government has to exercise its power is limited .
of course , a democracy requires that the time that has a government to exercise its power is limited .

ärzte ohne grenzen entwickelten das konzept eines , , rechts auf intervention &quot; bei humanitären katastrophen unter umgehung der hindernisse im traditionellen völkerrecht .
doctors without borders introduced the concept of &quot; the right of intervention &quot; in humanitarian disasters , bypassing the strictures of traditional international law .
doctors with no borders have developed the concept of a , right to intervene &apos; in humanitarian disasters under the control of obstacles to traditional international law .
doctors without frontiers have the concept of a concept , right to intervention in humanitarian disasters , using the obstacles to traditional international law .

wenn roh im februar sein amt antritt , wird seine populistische und nationalistische haltung einem raschen und schmerzlichen realitätstest unterzogen werden .
roh &apos;s populist and nationalist stance will be swiftly and sorely tested by reality when he assumes power in february .
when roh comes to office in february , his populist and nationalist attitude will be subjected to a rapid and painful test .
if roh took office in february , his populist and nationalist attitude will be subject to rapid and painful realism .

dazu muss bewiesen werden , dass die iraker tatsächlich waffen an den von den inspektoren durchsuchten und für waffenfrei erklärten orten versteckt haben .
this can be done by showing that the iraqis were simply hiding the evidence at sites visited by the inspectors and declared free of weapons .
to this end , it must be proven that the iraqis really have hidden weapons from the inspectors and hijacked locations for arms .
to this end , it is important to show that the iraqi people really have used arms to the weapons carried out by the inspectors and have hided for weapons free of mass destruction .

eine unerwartete konjunkturverlangsamung oder ein starker anstieg des euro könnten die unausweichliche zinserhöhung selbstverständlich hinausschieben .
to be sure , an unexpected slowdown in economic activity or a strong rise in the value of the euro could postpone the inevitable rate hike .
an unexpected economic slowdown or a strong increase in the euro could , of course , remove the inevitable increase in interest rates .
an unexpected economic recovery or a strong increase in the euro could , of course , reduce the inevitable risk of savings .

die regierungen müssen außerdem beginnen , jungen leuten , die aufgrund schwieriger lebensumstände oder schlechter entscheidungen zurückgefallen sind , eine zweite chance zu ermöglichen .
governments must also begin to offer &quot; second chances &quot; for young people who have fallen behind due to difficult circumstances or poor choices .
the governments must also begin to give young people who have fallen behind because of difficult living conditions or bad decisions a second chance .
the governments must also begin to allow young people who have fallen back on the basis of difficult living conditions or bad decisions to make a second opportunity .

eine unabhängige haushaltsbehörde könnte die langfristigen zielsetzungen einer gesellschaft in diesen bereichen wohl besser umsetzen als politiker , die immer auf die nächsten wahlen schielen .
an independent fiscal authority could arguably implement a society &apos;s long-term goals in these areas better than politicians , who have their eyes on the next election .
an independent budgetary authority could better implement the long-term objectives of a society in these areas than politicians who are always looking to the next elections .
an independent budgetary authority could well implement the long-term objectives of a society in these areas better than politicians who are always waiting for the next elections .

in lateinamerika steht die globale technologische revolution eher im hintergrund der öffentlichen diskussionen und die förderung von wissenschaft und technologie findet auch nur selten niederschlag in den nationalen politischen strategien .
in latin america , the global technological revolution is much less discussed , and national policies to promote science and technology are rarely given prominence .
in latin america , the global technological revolution is in the context of public debate and the promotion of science and technology , too , rarely reflected in national policies .
in latin america , the global technological revolution is rather more in the context of public discussions and the promotion of science and technology , too , it is only rare in the national political policies .

ob man die kette liebt oder hasst , unbestritten ist , dass wal-mart das beispiel für kosten und nutzen der modernen globalisierung schlechthin ist .
love them or hate them , what is undeniable is that wal-mart is the quintessential example of the costs and benefits of modern globalization .
whether you love the chain or hate , it is indisputable that wal-mart is the example of costs and benefits of modern globalisation .
whether the chain is locked or hate , it is clear that wal-mart is the example of costs and benefits of modern globalisation .

20 jahre lang hatte ich unrecht : die politische ordnung in westeuropa blieb stabil , obwohl ein großer teil der bürger von einer sinnvollen beteiligung am wirtschaftlichen leben ausgeschlossen war .
for 20 years , i have been wrong : west european polities have remained stable despite the exclusion of a large proportion of citizens from meaningful participation in much of economic life .
for 20 years , i was wrong : the political order in western europe was stable , even though a large proportion of the citizens were excluded from meaningful participation in economic life .
for 20 years , i was wrong : the political order in western europe was stable , even though a large part of the citizens was excluded from a sensible participation in economic life .

in der politik kann dies gefährlich sein , da es dazu verleitet , entscheidungen unabhängig von ihrem bedeutungsgrad von der jeweils populären meinung abhängig zu machen .
in politics this can be dangerous , because it encourages basing decisions , no matter how weighty , on whatever popular opinion momentarily prevails .
this may be dangerous in politics , as it means making decisions regardless of their significant level dependent on each populist opinion .
in politics , this can be dangerous , as it makes it possible to make decisions regardless of their importance from the populist opinion .

ob sie allerdings eine reale gefahr auch außerhalb des irak darstellten oder auch eingesetzt worden wären , hätte dieser krieg nicht stattgefunden , müsste erst noch überprüft werden .
whether they posed any real threat outside iraq &apos;s borders , or would have been used in the absence of the current war , must still be assessed .
however , if they had been used in a real danger outside iraq or were not used , this war would not have taken place , it would only have to be reviewed .
however , whether it would have been a real threat outside iraq or also used , it would not have taken place in this war , it would have to be reviewed .

als jemand , der lange genug im kosovo gelebt und gearbeitet hat , um die bisherigen ergebnisse beobachten zu können , muss ich gestehen , dass derartige experimente weiter gehende untersuchungen erfordern .
having lived and worked long enough in kosovo to see the outcome so far , i contend that such experiments require further research .
as someone who has lived and worked long enough in kosovo to monitor the results that have been achieved , i must admit that such experiments require further investigation .
as someone who has lived and worked for a long time in kosovo to see the results that have been achieved so far , i must admit that such experiments require further investigations .

welche sympathie hat die handlungsweise der usa verdient , nachdem präsident bush steuersenkungen im wert von hunderten von milliarden dollar an die reichsten der welt ausgeteilt hat .
what sympathy does the us agenda deserve , when president bush has ladled out tax cuts of hundreds of billions of dollars to the richest people in the world .
what sympathy the united states has earned the way in which president bush has allocated tax reductions in the value of hundreds of billions of dollars to the richest in the world .
what sympathy has been given to the way in which the united states has taken action , after president bush reduced tax reductions from hundreds of billion dollars to the richest of the world .

auf dem jüngsten treffen der welthandels-organisation ( wto ) in cancun , teilten die entwicklungsländer amerika - und europa - mit , dass dieses system so nicht weitergehen könne .
at the recent world trade organization ( wto ) meeting in cancun , the developing countries put america--and europe--on notice that this system can no longer continue .
at the recent world trade organisation ( wto ) meeting in cancun , the developing countries - and europe - agreed that this system could not continue .
at the recent meeting of the world trade organisation ( wto ) in cancun , the developing countries divided america - and europe - with the fact that this system could not continue .

ebenso wenig können wir behaupten , wie wir es zu tun pflegten , dass unsere werte gott- oder naturgegeben , vernunftbegründet oder durch historische gesetze bedingt seien .
nor can we claim , as we used to , that our values spring from god , nature , reason , or historical laws .
nor can we claim , as we have done , that our values of god or nature are forbidden , justified or governed by historical laws .
nor can we say , as we have done , that our values of goats or nature are justified or based on historical laws .

vor allem in den euro-ländern werden aufgrund der notwendigkeit , die staatsverschuldung unter 3 % des bip zu halten , die staatlichen ausgaben für die kunst für längere zeit gekürzt .
particularly for those countries that have adopted the euro , government spending on the arts will be constrained for some time by the requirement that fiscal deficits be kept to 3 % of gdp .
above all in the euro countries , due to the need to keep public debt below 3 % of gdp , public expenditure on art will be reduced for longer periods .
above all in the euro countries , because of the need to keep public debt below 3 % of gdp , state expenditure is reduced for the art for longer time .

zwar interpretierten die politiker das gesetz in diesen fällen äußerst phantasiereich , aber sie taten dies meist , um das überleben von schwachen demokratien sicherzustellen , die sich in einer krise befanden .
while politicians interpreted the law with a good deal of creativity in these instances , they usually did so to ensure the survival of fragile democracies facing a crisis .
while the politicians interpret the law in these cases extremely imaginative , they usually do so in order to ensure the survival of vulnerable democracies that took place in a crisis .
although politicians interpret the law in these cases , i am very imagined , but they are usually doing so to ensure the survival of weak democracies who were in a crisis .

bloß lässt die planung der invasion in den irak , bei der rumsfeld für den einsatz von weniger truppen als vorgeschlagen eintrat , auf ein unzureichendes verständnis verteilter systeme schließen .
but the planning for the iraq invasion , in which rumsfeld advocated the use of fewer troops than advised , suggests a poor understanding of distributed systems .
only can the planning of the invasion in iraq , in the area of the use of fewer troops than proposed , close to inadequate understanding of shared systems .
the planning of the invasion in iraq , in the area of the use of less troops , is simply a lack of understanding of existing systems .

sie grübelten über die jüngsten wirtschaftsvorhersagen nach , die für dieses jahr in der euro-zone ein wachstum des bip von traurigen , blutleeren 0.7 % prognostizierten .
they ruminated over the most recent economic forecast , which projects annual gdp growth in the euro zone this year at a pathetically anemic 0.7 % .
you grew over the recent economic forecasts that were forecast for this year in the euro zone , a growth in gdp of traumatic , empty , 000 % forecast .
they grew over the recent economic forecasts which , for this year in the euro area , promised a growth in the gdp of sad , bloodshed and 100 % of blood .

1909 kehrte er nach großbritannien zurück . in leeds übernahm er einen lehrstuhl und führte seine arbeit über die natur von röntgenstrahlen fort .
in 1909 he returned to britain to take up a chair at leeds , continuing his work on the nature of x-rays .
he returned to the united kingdom in 1909 , in leverage he took a apprenticeship and continued his work on the nature of rhythm radiation .
in 1909 , he returned to the united kingdom , and in lever he took an appraisal and continued his work on the nature of rtse radiation .

jetzt ist also die zeit gekommen , die internationalen institutionen , die unsere antwort auf den globalen klimawandel in den nächsten jahren steuern werden , aufzubauen , anstatt sie zu stören oder zu behindern .
so now is the time to build , not disrupt or impede , the international institutions that will manage our response to global climate change in the years ahead .
the time has now come , therefore , to build up the international institutions that will manage our response to global climate change over the next few years , rather than disturb or hinder it .
so now the time has come to build up the international institutions that will respond to global climate change in the next few years , rather than undermining them or hinder them .

in erster linie fürchteten die wähler , ihre jobs an horden von osteuropäischen einwanderern zu verlieren , die ihren bildlichen ausdruck in dem zu dieser zeit reichlich strapazierten polnischen klempner fanden .
in particular , voters were afraid that their jobs would be lost to hordes of eastern immigrants , exemplified in the image widely quoted at the time , of the low-cost polish plumber .
first and foremost , the voters were afraid to lose their jobs in the hormone of eastern european immigrants , who had their image expressed in the polish plumber , which was very close to this time .
first of all , the voters were afraid to lose their jobs in the horror of eastern european immigrants who expressed their image in the polish plumped of the polish fireper at this time .

das problem ist , dass die wählerschaft dann vier jahre lang von einer kanzlerin , angela merkel , regiert wird , deren engagement für die neoliberale sache fast genauso groß ist wie meins .
the problem is that the electorate will then get four years of rule by a chancellor , angela merkel , whose commitment to the neo-liberal project is almost as strong as mine .
the problem is that , for four years , the electorate is governed by a chancellor , angela merkel , whose commitment to the neo-liberal cause is almost as great as it was .
the problem is that , for four years , the electorate will be governed by a chancellor , angela merkel , whose commitment to the neo-liberal cause is almost as great as it was .

unterdessen muss italien entscheiden , ob es ministerpräsident silvio berlusconi , der kein interesse an reformen und europäischen angelegenheiten zeigte , durch den zurückhaltenden romano prodi ersetzt , der zuvor präsident der europäischen kommission war .
meanwhile , italy must decide whether it replaces prime minister silvio berlusconi , who displayed no interest in reform and european affairs , with the cautious romano prodi , the former european commission president .
meanwhile , italy must decide whether it was prime minister silvio berlusconi , who did not show any interest in reforms and european affairs , replacing mr prodi , who was before the president of the european commission .
meanwhile , italy must decide whether it was prime minister silvio berlusconi , who showed no interest in reforms and european affairs , replaced by mr prodi , who was the president of the european commission before .

in frankreich ist diese debatte aufgrund erbitterter verteilungskämpfe , einer tiefen spaltung der linken und eines völligen fehlens jeder art wirtschaftlicher und sozialer vision bei den rechten vollständig zum stillstand gekommen .
in france , the debate has stalled altogether due to bitter distributive conflicts , deep division within the left , and the right &apos;s absence of an economic and social vision .
in france , this debate has come to a complete halt , due to a bitter distribution campaign , a deep division of the left and a total lack of any kind of economic and social vision in the right .
in france , this debate has come to a full conclusion on the right &apos;s rights due to sophistication , a deep division of the left and a total lack of any kind of economic and social vision .

trotz gelegentlichen murrens der politiker zweifelt niemand ernsthaft an der unabhängigkeit der europäischen zentralbank oder an der tatsache , dass die währungspolitik innerhalb der eurozone gerade deshalb sehr gut vor politischem druck geschützt ist .
despite occasional grumbles from politicians , no one seriously doubts the european central bank &apos;s independence , or that monetary policy within the euro zone is therefore well insulated from political pressures .
despite the horrendous murderness of politicians , no one is serious about the independence of the european central bank or the fact that monetary policy within the euro area is therefore very well protected from political pressure .
despite the abduction of politicians , no one doubts seriously about the independence of the european central bank or the fact that monetary policy within the euro zone is therefore very well protected from political pressure .

in wirklichkeit versuchen sie das problem allerdings zu einem hohen preis zu lösen : mit der abschaffung von institutionen und politischen strategien , die man früher etablierte um die damals drängendsten probleme zu lösen .
but what they are doing , however , is dealing with the biggest problem of the moment but at the price of removing institutions and policies that policymakers before them had put into place to control problems which they felt to be the most pressing .
in reality , however , they are trying to solve the problem at a high price : the abolition of institutions and political strategies , which were previously established to solve the most pressing problems at the time .
in reality , however , you are trying to solve the problem at a high price : with the abolition of institutions and political strategies , which were previously established to solve the most urgent problems at that time .

aber in einer welt , in der -- in den worten von yeats -- &quot; es den besten an jeglicher überzeugung mangelt und die schlechtesten voll leidenschaftlicher intensität sind &quot; , ist es möglicherweise den versuch wert .
but in a world where , as yeats said , &quot; and the best lack all conviction , while the worst are full of passionate intensity , &quot; it is worth trying .
however , in a world in which - in the words of yeats - &apos; there is a lack of any conviction and the worst passionate intensity &apos; , it may be worth trying .
but in a world in which , in the words of ye-- in the words of ye-- there is the best lack of conviction and the worst passionate intensity is &apos; , it may be worth trying .

ebenso versteht fast jeder , dass sich die erderwärmung zwar als ein wesentlich kleineres oder größeres problem herausstellen könnte , als die derzeit existierenden modelle nahelegen , dass diese ungewissheit jedoch keine tatenlosigkeit entschuldigt .
likewise , almost everyone understands that while global warming might be a much smaller or larger problem than existing models suggest , this uncertainty is no excuse for inaction .
just as it goes without saying that global warming could turn out to be a much smaller or greater problem than the current models of helplessness , but that this uncertainty does not apologise for inaction .
similarly , almost everyone understands that global warming could be regarded as a much smaller or larger problem than the existing models , but that this uncertainty does not excuse any indifference .

die optimistische ansicht besagt , dass , solange ein intensiver wettbewerb zwischen den anbietern von expertise um die aufmerksamkeit urteilsfähiger kunden ( der medien ) herrscht , die marktmechanismen schon für die nötige qualität sorgen werden .
the sanguine view is that as long as those selling expertise compete vigorously for the attention of discriminating buyers ( the mass media ) , market mechanisms will assure quality control .
the optimistic view is that , as long as there is intensive competition between providers of expertise in order to draw attention to the court of justice ( media ) , market mechanisms will already provide the necessary quality .
the optimistic view states that , as long as there is a more intensive competition between suppliers of expertise with the attention of dominant customers ( the media ) , market mechanisms will already ensure the necessary quality .

die tatsache , dass dieser prozess diskussionen und kontroversen ausgelöst hat , kann nicht davon ablenken , dass sowohl alte als auch neue mitgliedsländer von ihrer verpflichtung überzeugt waren , den kontinent nach 40 jahren der teilung wieder aufzubauen .
the fact that it provoked debate and dispute does not detract from the conviction shared by old and new member states that they had an obligation to rebuild the continent after 40 years of division .
the fact that this process has triggered discussions and controversy cannot detract from the fact that both old and new member states were convinced of their commitment to rebuilding the continent after 40 years of division .
the fact that this process has resulted in discussions and controversial discussions cannot ignore the fact that both old and new member states were convinced of their commitment to restructure the continent after 40 years of division .

wenn in kalkutta einige jüngere kinder auftauchten und unbedingt bei meinen freunden und mir mitspielen wollten , dann würden wir sie zwar in unser spiel eingereiht haben , aber erst nachdem wir einander
in calcutta , when some younger kid came along and insisted on joining the game my friends were playing , we would let the new kid in , but only after whispering into each other &apos;s ears the words ,
if , in kalutkutta , some younger children were to come up with a number of young children , and it is absolutely essential for my friends and myself to play their part , then we would have put them in our game , but only after we had each other .
if there were a number of younger children in calkutta , and i would like to play a part in my friends and my friends , then we would have put them into our game , but after we only have each other .

bundeskanzler gerhard schrã <unk> ders rã ¼ cktritt als parteivorsitzender der spd wird tief greifende auswirkungen auf die krã <unk> fteverteilung innerhalb der bundesregierung und ihrer knappen rotgrã ¼ nen bundestagsmehrheit haben .
chancellor gerhard schröder &apos;s resignation as chairman of germany &apos;s social democratic party ( spd ) will deeply affect the distribution of forces within the german government and its slim &quot; red-green &quot; majority in parliament .
chancellor gerhard scholarship of the ringer , who is a party leader of the spd , will have a profound impact on the day-to-day distribution of the cronies within the federal government and on its scarcity of the fibre federal majority .
chancellor gerhard , mrs gerhard , is going to be a party leader of the spd , as the party chairman of the spd will have a deep impact on the crystal distribution of violence within the federal government and its narrow roll of the federal government , mr desat .

aber die reaktionen aus eu-institutionen wie der europäischen zentralbank und der europäischen kommission waren negativ : den kandidatenländern wurde mitgeteilt , dass sie zunächst mindestens zwei jahre im europäischen wechselkursmechanismus ( ews ii ) teilnehmen müssten , wo sich ihre strategien zu bewähren hätten .
but the response from eu institutions , namely the european central bank and the european commission , has been negative : candidate countries were told that they first must spend at least two years in the european exchange rate mechanism ( erm ii ) , where euro aspirants are expected to prove their policy mettle .
however , the reactions from eu institutions , such as the european central bank and the european commission , were negative : the candidate countries were told that they would have to take part first of all in the european exchange rate mechanism ( ews ii ) , where their policies would have been weakened .
however , the reactions from eu institutions , such as the european central bank and the european commission , were negative : the candidate countries were told that they would first have to participate in the european exchange rate mechanism at least two years in the european exchange rate mechanism ( ex ii ) , where their strategies would have to be felt .

der durch ein amerikanisches militärgericht erfolgte freispruch zweier amerikanischer soldaten , die im juni mit ihrem gepanzerten wagen versehentlich zwei koreanische schulmädchen töteten , lösten heftige straßendemonstrationen im ganzen land aus .
the acquittal by a us military court of two american soldiers who accidentally killed two korean schoolgirls with their armored car last june triggered street demonstrations across the country .
in june , two korean schoolchildren killed , married by an american military court , were freisch of two american soldiers who , with their tanks , killed two korean schoolchildren in the whole of the country .
in june , two korean girls killed by an american military court , who died by two american soldiers who died from the country in june with their tanks , killed two korean school girls .

entsprechende forderungen eskalierten dramatisch nach hariris tod , als zehntausende der parteigänger des ehemaligen premierministers , die im hinblick auf syrien zuvor eine neutrale haltung vertreten hatten , plötzlich &quot; syrien raus &quot; schrien .
such demands escalated dramatically after hariri &apos;s death , as tens of thousands of the former prime minister &apos;s partisans , who previously sat on the fence when it came to syria , shouted &quot; syria out . &quot;
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , there were dramatic demands for a dramatic death to hariris , when tens of thousands of members of the former prime minister , who , in relation to syria , had previously represented a neutral attitude , suddenly &apos; syria from &apos; richeques &apos; .
as a result of the necessary demands , the dramatic death of hariris death , when tens of thousands of the former prime minister of prime minister , who had previously represented a neutral attitude in syria , suddenly &apos; syria from rrrries &apos; .

einem bericht zufolge gaben 60 % aller wahlberechtigten zwischen 20 und 40 jahren roh ihre stimme . damit erreichte er im ersten kopf-an-kopf-wahlkampf seit 31 jahren einen vorsprung von 2,3 % gegenüber seinem kontrahenten .
according to one report , over 60 % of people in their twenties and thirties voted for roh to produce a margin of 2.3 % in this first two-man , head-to-head presidential race in 31 years .
according to a report , 60 % of all the choice between 20 and 40 years of roh was voted for by 60 % , thus making a leap of 2.3 % compared with its contractors in the first copper election campaign for 31 years .
according to a report , 60 % of all the electoral rights of 20 and 40 years of roh have been voted in favour of this report , so that , for 31 years , the first copy per capita election campaign has been a leap of 2.3 % compared to its contrary .

während mit dem kyoto-protokoll nur eine bescheidene reduktion der kohlenstoffemissionen in den industrieländern erreicht wird -- nämlich 5,2 % zwischen 2008 und 2012 im vergleich zu den werten des jahres 1990 und mit verschiedenen zielwerten für einzelne länder -- kann mit nachhaltigen bestrebungen zur entwicklung und erhaltung unseres planeten ein echter fortschritt erreicht werden .
while the kyoto protocol represents only a modest reduction of carbon emissions in industrialized countries -- 5.2 % between 2008-2012 relative to 1990 levels , with varying targets for individual countries -- real progress can be made in sustaining development efforts and preserving our planet .
during the kyoto protocol , only a modest reduction in carbon dioxide emissions will be achieved in the industrialised countries - that is , 5.2 % between 2008 and 2012 compared to the values of 1990 and with various target values for individual countries - can make real progress with sustainable efforts to develop and preserve our planet .
during the kyoto protocol , only a modest reduction in carbon emissions will be achieved in the industrialised countries - namely 5.2 % between 2008 and 2012 compared with the values of 1990 and with various target values for individual countries - with sustainable aspirations for development and conservation of our planet , a real progress can be achieved .

unsere zivilisation wird - trotz drogen , prostitution , alkoholismus , unhöflichkeit und vandalismus - der herrschaft der mullahs oder des militärs immer überlegen sein , weil ihre sozialen probleme wenn schon nicht vollkommen beseitigt , so doch aufgefangen werden können , ohne die grundlagen des politischen systems zu ändern .
our civilization , despite its drugs , prostitution , alcoholism , incivility , and vandalism , will always be better than rule by mullahs or soldiers , because its social problems can be allayed , if never entirely eliminated , without changing the foundations of the regime .
our civilisation will be - despite drugs , prostitution , alcoholism , incourtesy and vandalism - the rule of the west la-or of the military will always be considered because their social problems , if not completely eliminated , can be removed without changing the foundations of the political system .
despite drugs , prostitution , alcoholism , alcoholism , incourtesy and vandalism - the rule of the party or the military is always considering , because their social problems are not completely removed , but without changing the foundations of the political system without changing the foundations of the political system .

jedoch scheinen amerika und europa die welt häufig nicht mit denselben augen zu sehen : spaniens reaktion auf die terrorangriffe - eine bedrohung , der alle demokratien ausgesetzt sind - war es , eine regierung ins amt zu wählen , die in der irakfrage eine abkehr von der proamerikanischen politik versprach .
yet america and europe often do not seem to see the world through the same glasses : spain &apos;s response to the terrorist attacks - a threat common to all democracies - was to vote in a government promising an end to pro-us policy on iraq .
however , it seems that america and europe often do not see the world with the same eyes : spain &apos;s response to the terrorist attacks - a threat that all democracies are exposed to - has been to choose a government in office which , on the iraq issue , promised a reversal of american policy .
however , however , america and europe often do not seem to see the world with the same eyes : spain &apos;s response to the terrorist attacks - a threat facing all democracies - was to choose a government which , in the case of iraq , referred to a reversal of the proximity of american policy .

eine solche debatte hat , trotz vager versuche zu beginn der ersten amtszeit präsident clintons , in den usa bisher nicht stattgefunden ; in großbritannien und deutschland hat sie mit tony blairs &quot; drittem weg &quot; bzw. gerhard schröders variante desselben gerade erst eingesetzt .
this debate has not happened in the us , despite vague attempts at the beginning of the first clinton administration ; it has barely begun with tony blair &apos;s &quot; third way &quot; in the uk , or with gerhard schröder &apos;s variant in germany .
in spite of the hague attempts at the beginning of the first term of office of president clinton , in the united states , it has not taken place so far ; in britain and germany , with tony blair , with a &apos; third route &apos; or gerhard variant , it has only just been used in the same way .
in fact , despite the attempts made at the start of the first term of office , the united states has not taken place in the united states ; in the united states and germany , in britain and germany , it has been used with tony blair , &apos; third &apos; , or a long way in which there is a variable variation .

so hat die regierung bush beispielsweise alles getan , um die hohe zahl der schwer verwundet heimgekehrten soldaten zu vertuschen . bis jetzt waren das 16.000 , wovon ungefähr 20 % schwere hirn- oder kopfverletzungen davontrugen .
for example , the bush administration has been doing everything it can to hide the huge number of returning veterans who are severely wounded -- 16,000 so far , including roughly 20 % with serious brain and head injuries .
for example , the bush government has done everything in its power to cover the high number of soldiers who have been wounded up to now , up to the age of 16000 , of which approximately 20 % were serious or copper injuries .
for example , the bush government has done everything possible , for example , to shrink the high number of people who have suffered a great deal of suffering , and so far the 16000 , 000 of which have been more than 20 % of the heavy , or coptic violations .

die ironie an der sache : während sich kunstliebhaber in den usa lange zeit für die einführung des &quot; europäischen modells &quot; eingesetzt haben -- das in europa für eine abwechslungsreiche und vielfältige kunstszene sorgte -- ist man in europa gezwungen , auf ein system umzusteigen , bei dem man mehr auf privates geld und einnahmen aus dem kartenverkauf angewiesen sein wird .
ironically , while arts advocates in the united states have long argued for adoption of the &quot; european model &quot; -- which has produced a rich and varied artistic life for europeans -- europe is being forced to change its system of support to one that depends more on private money and the box office .
the irony of the matter is that , for a long time in the united states , works for the introduction of the &apos; european model &apos; , the irony of the irony is the irony of the matter : while art holders in the united states have been working for a long time for the introduction of the &apos; european model &apos; - which in europe is forced to turn into a system that is more private money and more dependent on sales of carrots .
the irony is the irony of the matter : during the long term , in the united states , for the introduction of the &apos; european model &apos; , which has been used for a long time , in europe , for an abusive and diverse range of art , in europe , we are forced to restructure a system in which more money will be dependent on private and private revenue from the sale .

füchse stimmen häufig bis zu einem gewissen grade mit den igeln überein , bevor sie dann die dinge komplizieren : &quot; ja , mein kollege hat recht : die saudische monarchie ist anfällig . aber bedenken sie , dass staatsstreiche selten sind und die regierung über mittel und wege verfügt , den widerstand zu unterdrücken . &quot;
foxes will often agree with hedgehogs up to a point , before complicating things : &quot; yes , my colleague is right that the saudi monarchy is vulnerable , but remember that coups are rare and that the government commands many means of squelching opposition . &quot;
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , there is a lot of agreement between now and a certain number of things before they complicate things : &apos; yes , my colleague , mr saudi monarchy , is vulnerable , but that they are rare and oppressed by the government and by means of the &apos; .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen , it is very often too much in line with the iates before they find things more complicated : &apos; yes , my fellow member is right : saudi arabia is concerned , but it is certain that sovereign government is rare and oppressed , and the means to be used &apos; .

