auch die globale wirtschaft hat sich dramatisch verändert .
the global economy has changed dramatically , too .
the global economy has also changed dramatically .
the global economy has also changed dramatically .

aber wie sieht es mit china aus ?
but what about china ?
but what about china ?
but what is the situation with china ?

die welthandelsorganisation ist ein solcher partner .
the world trade organization is a case in point .
the world trade organisation is a partner of this kind .
the world trade organisation is such a partner .

wohin führt uns das alles ?
so , where does this leave us ?
where does everything lead us ?
where does this lead us all ?

das andere mitteleuropa
the other central europe
the other central europe is the same .
the other central europe

aufgrund der schwachen wirtschaft würde der türkei beträchtliche eu-hilfe zustehen .
because of its weak economy , turkey would be eligible for substantial eu assistance .
due to the weak economy , turkey would receive significant eu aid .
due to the weak economy , turkey would be given significant eu aid .

ein unabhängiger kosovo muss gesichert und seine minderheiten müssen geschützt werden .
an independent kosovo must be secured and its minorities protected .
an independent kosovo must be safeguarded and its minorities must be protected .
an independent kosovo must be safeguarded and its minorities must be protected .

in diesem fall war europa genau so angeklagt wie amerika .
in that case , europe was as much the culprit as america .
in this case , europe was exactly the same as america .
in this case , europe was just as accused as america .

sag geradeheraus , , nein &quot; zu bush !
just say no to bush
mr sag , &apos; no &apos; to bush !
it is clear that &apos; no &apos; to bush !

die entwicklungsländer haben bereits viel in die kinder investiert .
developing countries have already invested heavily in children .
developing countries have already invested a great deal in children .
the developing countries have already invested much in children .

was auch der fall sein mochte , die amerikanische politik beruhte nicht auf beweisen .
whatever the case , american policy was not based on evidence .
whatever the case , the american policy was not based on evidence .
whatever the case is , the american policy was not based on evidence .

beide seiten rechtfertigen ihre unnachgiebigkeit mit einseitigen interpretationen der lage .
both sides justify their intransigence with one-sided interpretations .
both sides justify their intransigence with unilateral interpretations of the situation .
both sides justify their intransigence with unilateral interpretation of the situation .

ein derartiger vorstoß könnte ein wichtiger schrittmacher für das wirtschaftswachstum sein .
such a push could play a major role in jump-starting economic growth .
such a move could be an important step towards economic growth .
such a premise could be an important factor for economic growth .

es ist unmöglich , die politische vereinnahmung der haushaltspolitik zu unterbinden .
preventing the political use of fiscal policy is an impossible task .
it is impossible to prevent the political uniformity of budgetary policy .
it is impossible to stop the political uniformity of budgetary policy .

wenn ihnen das gelingt , ist den armen der welt immens geholfen .
if they succeed , the rewards for the world &apos;s poor will be immense .
if you succeed in doing so , the poor in the world will be extremely helpful .
if you succeed , the poor in the world will be very helpful .

politische führer , die ihre popularität nie aufs spiel setzen , sind ihre stellung nicht wert .
leaders who never risk their popularity are not worth their position .
political leaders who never put their popularity at risk are not worth their position .
political leaders who never put their popularity at risk are not worth their position .

fragen der rechtsordnung im nachkriegs-europa gehen weit über die ehemalige tschechoslowakei hinaus .
questions about postwar europe &apos;s juridical order go beyond the former czechoslovakia .
questions of the rule of law in the post-war europe go far beyond the former czechoslovakia .
the questions of the legal system in the post-war europe go far beyond former czechoslovakia .

eine reihe anderer europäische regierungen haben kurz nach ihrer wiederwahl ähnliche popularitätsverluste erlitten .
several other european governments find themselves in a similar state of unpopularity not long after being elected .
a number of other european governments have suffered similar popularity losses shortly after their re-election .
a number of other european governments have suffered similar popularity losses shortly after their re-election .

die schwerwiegendsten folgen des irak-krieges werden nicht auf den schlachtfeldern zu sehen sein .
the iraq war &apos;s main consequences will not be on the battlefield .
the most serious consequences of the war in iraq will not be seen in the fields of slaughter .
the most serious consequences of the war in iraq will not be seen in the slaughter fields .

in asien dreht sich die öffentliche debatte um technologie : wie kann asien aufholen ?
in asia , public debate is about technology : how can asia catch up ?
in asia , the public debate is about technology : how can asia recover ?
in asia , the public debate is about technology : how can asia recover ?

es gibt allerdings bedenken , die zwar nicht grundlegend entzweiend wirken , aber doch anlass zur sorge geben .
but there are concerns that , if not fundamentally divisive , are worrying .
there are , however , concerns that are not fundamentally reassuring , but which are cause for concern .
there are , however , concerns which do not have a fundamental effect , but there is cause for concern .

bewaffnet mit den richtigen informationen und anreizen können junge menschen bessere entscheidungen über ihre gesundheit und bildung treffen .
armed with the right information and incentives , young people can make better decisions about their health and education .
armed with the right information and incentives , young people can make better choices about their health and education .
with the correct information and incentives , young people can take better decisions on their health and education .

außerdem ist in diesem krieg das material besonderem verschleiß unterworfen und etliches wird zu erneuern sein .
moreover , the war is extremely wearing on equipment , some of which will have to be replaced .
furthermore , in this war , the material is subject to special cover and it will be again .
in addition , in this war , the material is subject to particular hide and will be renewed .

auslandsinvestitionen von innerhalb oder außerhalb der region haben die struktur der heimischen wirtschaften verändert .
foreign investment from within and outside the region has altered the structure of domestic economies .
foreign investment from inside or outside the region has changed the structure of domestic economies .
foreign investment in foreign investment from within or outside the region has changed the structure of domestic economies .

dieser mann gab sich nun als vorsitzender eines , , nationalen versöhnungskomitees &quot; aus .
this man now styled himself as chairman of a &quot; committee of national reconciliation . &quot;
this man has now been appointed as chairman of a committee of national reconciliation committees .
this man has now been the chairman of a committee of national reconciliation .

außerdem gilt heute aufgrund der tragödien in indonesien , spanien und russland der terrorismus als problem für alle .
moreover , terrorism is now viewed as a problem for everyone , with major tragedies in indonesia , spain , and russia .
moreover , today , as a result of the tragedies in indonesia , spain and russia , terrorism is regarded as a problem for all .
in addition , today , as a result of the tragedies in indonesia , spain and russia , terrorism is a problem for all .

verpflichtungen im sozialversicherungsbereich sind überdies , im gegensatz zu offiziellen staatsschulden , nicht als geldbetrag fixiert .
moreover , unlike official national debt , social-welfare obligations are not fixed in currency .
moreover , commitments in the social security sector are , contrary to official sovereign debt , not as a sum of money .
in addition , obligations in the social insurance sector are , contrary to official public debt , not as a sum of money .

ist ungarns gewiefter junger premier viktor orban auf dem besten weg , das zu ändern ?
is hungary &apos;s slick young prime minister , viktor orban , poised to end all that ?
is it the best way for hungary to change it ?
is it the best way to change this ?

es ist möglich , dass bush diese berichte gelesen hat , sie aber sein begriffsvermögen überstiegen haben .
it &apos;s possible that bush read those reports , but that they were beyond his comprehension .
it is possible that bush has read these reports , but it has increased its assets .
it is possible that bush has read these reports , but it has increased its definition .

gewiss , auf britischem boden hat er in den vergangenen acht jahren auf die äußerung derartiger empfindungen verzichtet .
certainly , he had never expressed any such sentiment inside the british isles during the previous eight years .
of course , in the last eight years , he has abandoned the statement of such sensitivities .
certainly , on british soil , he has , over the last eight years , rejected the statement of this kind of sensitivity .

es stimmt natürlich , dass die erweiterung die union grundlegend verändert hat und neue probleme und politische vorbehalte entstanden sind .
it is , of course , true that enlargement has fundamentally changed the union and given rise to new problems and policy concerns .
it is , of course , true that enlargement has radically changed the union and created new problems and political reservations .
it is true , of course , that enlargement has radically changed the union and created new problems and political reservations .

tatsächlich hat sich in beirut eine breite , viele gemeinschaften umfassende widerstandsfront gebildet , die syriens abzug fordert .
indeed , a broad multi-communal opposition front has formed in beirut to demand syria &apos;s departure .
in fact , a broad , large number of communities have set up a comprehensive resistance front calling for syria &apos;s withdrawal .
in fact , a broad , large number of communities have set up comprehensive resistance front calling for syria &apos;s withdrawal .

darin personifiziert er das paradoxon des christentums : unabänderliche und dauerhafte prinzipien verbunden mit verständnis und toleranz .
in this , he personifies the paradox that is christianity : unbreakable and lasting principles joined by understanding and tolerance .
in this respect , it includes the paradoxical paradox of christianity : constant and lasting principles linked to understanding and tolerance .
in this respect , he points out the paradoxical side of the christianity of christianity : constant and lasting principles linked to understanding and tolerance .

tatsächlich haben diese angriffe , obgleich überraschend in ihrer methode , ihrem symbolischen charakter und ihrem ausmaß , gar nichts verändert .
in fact , the attacks , while surprising in their method , symbolic character , and scope , changed nothing .
in fact , these attacks , although surprising in their method , their symbolic nature and scale , have not changed anything at all .
indeed , these attacks , even though they are surprising in their method , their symbolic nature and their scale , have not changed anything .

kalifornien hat deshalb ein schlechtes beispiel gegeben , und seine bevölkerung wird voraussichtlich einen hohen preis dafür zu zahlen haben .
so california has set a bad example , and californians will probably pay a heavy price for it .
california has therefore set a bad example , and its population will probably have a high price to pay for it .
california has therefore given a bad example , and his population is expected to pay a high price for it .

solidarität im sinne von gemeinsamen interessen existiert ganz klar sowohl unter den 15 ursprünglichen eu-mitgliedern als auch in der erweiterten union .
solidarity , in the sense of unity resulting from common interests , also clearly exists within both the original eu-15 and the enlarged union .
solidarity in the sense of common interests clearly exists both among the 15 original eu members and in the enlarged union .
solidarity in the sense of common interests exists clearly both among the 15 original eu members and in the enlarged union .

das produktivitätswunder der usa und das entstehen von einkaufszentren im wal-mart-stil sind im grunde gleichbedeutend .
the us productivity miracle and the emergence of wal-mart-style retailing are virtually synonymous .
the productivity miracle of the united states and the emergence of shopping centres in the wal-mart-stil is basically significant .
the us &apos;s productivity miracle and the creation of purchased centres in the wal-mart-stil is essentially significant .

obwohl eine derartige maßnahme ausgeschlossen ist -- dazu wäre eine änderung im vertrag über die europäische union notwendig -- ist das aufsehen schädlich .
while such a move is out of the question -- it would require a change in the european treaty -- the noise is unhealthy .
although such a measure is excluded - an amendment to this would be necessary in the treaty on european union - this is harmful .
although such a measure is excluded - this would require a change in the treaty on european union - this is harmful .

programme dieser art haben die schülerzahlen an weiter führenden schulen in ländern wie mexiko , ecuador , bangladesh und kambodscha erfolgreich erhöht .
these programs have successfully increased secondary school enrollment in countries like mexico , ecuador , bangladesh , and cambodia .
programmes of this kind have successfully increased the school figures to further leading schools in countries such as mexico , ecuador , bangladesh and cambodia .
programmes of this kind have successfully increased the figures of pupils to leading schools in countries such as mexico , ecuador , bangladesh and cambodia .

allein das wort &quot; abgemacht ! &quot; hat schon schaden angerichtet , während der ausgang der geschichte weiterhin im dunkeln liegt .
damage is done from the word go while the end of the road remains obscured .
the word &apos; power &apos; alone has already caused damage , while the outcome of history remains in the dark .
the word &apos; power alone &apos; has already caused damage , while the outcome of history continues to be in the dark .

das beste worauf wir plausiblerweise hoffen können , ist , dass sie ihre unrühmlichsten taten wenigstens offen begehen .
the best that we can plausibly hope for is to ensure that the worst of what they do is done out in the open .
the best thing we can really hope for is that they will at least make their most unreprehensible deeds open .
what we can hope for is the best thing that we can hope for , is that it will at least be open to its most inviolable actions .

in den letzten 25 jahren ist die arbeitslosigkeit in europa gestiegen , während die währungspolitik gestrafft und die zinssätze erhöht wurden , um die inflation zu bekämpfen .
over the past 25 years in europe , unemployment rose as monetary policy was tightened and interest rates were raised to fight inflation .
in the last 25 years , unemployment has increased in europe , while monetary policy has been streamlined and interest rates increased in order to combat inflation .
over the last 25 years , unemployment in europe has increased , while monetary policy has been tightened up and interest rates have been increased in order to combat inflation .

wirtschaftswissenschaftler schätzen z. b. , dass die lebensmittelabteilung von wal-mart 25 % billiger ist als die einer typischen großen supermarktkette .
for example , economists estimate that the food section of wal-mart charges 25 % less than a typical large supermarket chain .
for example , economists estimate that the wal-mart food department is cheaper than the typical supermarket chain .
economic scientists , for example , appreciate that the food department of wal-mart is 25 % cheaper than a typical supermarket chain .

die schwierige partnerschaft zwischen dem englischen premierminister tony blair und seinem schatzkanzler gordon brown ist ein gutes beispiel einer solchen taktik .
the uneasy partnership of prime minister tony blair and chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown is a good example of this tactic .
the difficult partnership between the british prime minister tony blair and his chancellor gordon brown is a good example of such tactics .
the difficult partnership between the english prime minister , tony blair and his satzatler chancellor gordon brown is a good example of such tactics .

der ombudsmann agiert als brücke zwischen den behörden und den menschen und versucht konflikte zwischen den staatlichen organen und den staatsbürgern zu lösen .
the ombudsman acts as a bridge between the authorities and the people , seeking to resolve conflicts that arise between state bodies and citizens .
the ombudsman acts as a bridge between the authorities and the people and seeks to resolve conflicts between the state institutions and the citizens .
the ombudsman is working as a bridge between the authorities and the people and trying to resolve conflicts between the state institutions and the public citizens .

sowohl die struktur der dna als auch die der proteine wurden am caven<unk> laboratory der universität cambridge entschlüsselt .
both discoveries--dna structure and protein structure--were made at cambridge university &apos;s cavendish laboratory .
both the structure of dna and the protein have been set up by the university of campania on the basis of the capacity-based laboratories .
both the structure of the dna and the protein of protein have been deferred by cavener laboratories of the camcameroon university .

mobiltelefone , örtlicher kabelloser internetzugang und mehr asphaltierte straßen könnten viel dazu beitragen , die wirtschaftliche isolation der dörfer afrikas aufzubrechen .
mobile phones , local wireless internet , and more paved roads could do much to break the economic isolation of africa &apos;s villages .
mobile telephones , local cod access and more cooked roads could do much to break the economic isolation of the villages of africa .
mobile telephones , local cod access and more aspicuous roads could help to break the economic isolation of the villages of africa .

ihre probleme rühren von der kommunistischen ära her , als eine gewerkschaftliche bewegung , die unter normalen umständen die politische linke vertritt , die wichtigste anti-kommunistische opposition wurde .
its problems originate in the communist era , when a trade union movement , which under normal circumstances should stand to the political left , became the main anti-communist opposition .
their problems are caused by the communist era , when a trade union movement , which , in normal circumstances , represents the political left , the most important anti-communist opposition .
their problems come from the communist era , as a trade union movement which , in normal circumstances , represents the political left , the most important anti-communist opposition .

im letzen jahr verlangsamte sich der preisanstieg in london und new york drastisch und fiel im zweiten quartal 2004 auf etwa 1 % realen zuwachs .
the rate of price growth in london and new york slowed sharply over the past year , to only about a 1 % real increase in the second quarter of 2004 .
last year , the rise in prices in london and new york was drastically slowed down and , in the second quarter of 2004 , around 1 % of real growth .
last year , the rise in prices in london and new york has fallen dramatically and , in the second quarter of 2004 , it was about 1 % of real growth .

trichet schien sich für eine präventive vorgehensweise auszusprechen , als er sagte : &quot; wir dürfen nicht zulassen , dass es zu zweitrundeneffekten kommt . &quot;
trichet appeared to be calling for a pre-emptive approach when he said , &quot; we must not allow second-round effects to materialize . &quot;
trichet seemed to be in favour of a preventive approach , when he said : &apos; we must not allow it to come into a two-fold effect &apos; .
trichet seemed to be in favour of a preventive approach when he said : &apos; we must not allow the second effects to be achieved &apos; .

die herausforderungen bei der entwicklung afrikas sind nur ein beispiel dafür , wie sich schwierige gesellschaftliche probleme durch konzeption und verbreitung verbesserter technologien in angriff nehmen ließen .
the development challenges in africa are just one example of how tough societal problems can be addressed by the design and spread of improved technologies .
the challenges of africa &apos;s development are just one example of how difficult social problems could be tackled through concepts and the spread of improved technologies .
the challenges in the development of africa are just one example of how difficult social problems could be tackled by concepts and dissemination of improved technologies .

seine erbittertsten gegner dämonisieren chávez als einen autokraten , der eine revolution in kubanischem stil plane und die demokratie zerstören wolle .
his fiercest opponents demonize chávez as an autocrat pursuing a cuban-style revolution and destroying democracy .
his most bitter opponents , mr chávez , were a car who wanted to destroy a revolution in cuban stil plane and democracy .
his most sophisticated opponents of monchávez as a car who wants to destroy a revolution in cuban stir and democracy .

es war natürlich der tod des früheren parteichefs hu yaobang , ein liberaler wie zhao , der die proteste im jahr 1989 entfachte .
it was , of course , the death of former party chief hu yaobang , a liberal like zhao , which set off the protests in 1989 .
it was , of course , the death of the former leader hu hu hu yaobang , a liberal such as zhao , who abducted the protests in 1989 .
it was , of course , the death of the former party , hu yaobte , a liberate such as zhao , which disregarded the protests in 1989 .

wenn die jungen menschen nicht in einer beruflichen sackgasse landen oder gar keine arbeit finden sollen , brauchen sie eine bessere schulbildung und fertigkeiten , die den anforderungen der arbeitgeber entsprechen .
if young people are not to become stuck in dead-end jobs , or end up without jobs at all , they need better education and skills that match those needed by employers .
if young people are not to end up in a professional impasse or even to find work , they need better education and skills that meet the requirements of employers .
if young people do not end up in a professional impasse or do not want to find work , they need better education and skills that meet the requirements of employers .

doch ungleichheiten auf nationaler ebene haben sich in den meisten ländern in den letzten jahren vertieft , was weitgehend auf die wirtschaftliche liberalisierung auf sowohl nationaler als auch internationaler ebene zurückzuführen ist .
but inequalities at the national level have deepened in most countries in recent years , largely due to economic liberalization at both the national and international levels .
however , inequalities at national level have increased in most countries over recent years , largely due to economic liberalisation at both national and international level .
however , inequalities at national level have increased in most countries over recent years , which is largely due to economic liberalisation at both national and international level .

europa und der rest der welt werden ihren anteil dazu beizutragen haben . sie müssen selbst diesen prinzipien treu bleiben , und sich und amerika einen anstoß in diese richtung geben .
europe and the rest of the world will have to do their part--abiding by these principles themselves , and giving each other , and america , a shove in the right direction .
europe and the rest of the world will have their share of this , and they themselves must remain faithful to these principles and give america a boost in this direction .
europe and the rest of the world will have their share of this , and they will have to remain in line with these principles themselves , and to give a boost to america in this direction .

die wachsende ungeduld der bush-administration angesichts der syrischen verstrickung in die irakische aufstandsbewegung ist ein wesentlicher grund für die sich verschlechternde beziehung zu den usa .
the bush administration &apos;s growing impatience with syrian involvement in the iraqi insurgency is a major reason for syria &apos;s deteriorating relationship with the us .
the growing impatience of the bush administration in the face of the syrian heckling in the iraqi movement is an essential reason for the deteriorating relationship with the united states .
the growing impatience of the bush administration in view of the syrian reduction in the iraqi movement is an essential reason for the deteriorating relationship with the united states .

kaum war der streit um das atomkraftwerk beigelegt , konzentrierte sich der druck der populisten auf ein einziges thema : die forderung nach der aufhebung der benes-dekrete .
when the nuclear plant issue was resolved , populist pressure was forced into a single channel , the demand to abrogate the benes decrees .
the dispute over the nuclear power plant has hardly been resolved , focused on the pressure of populists on a single subject : the demand for the lifting of bench decrees .
little has been the dispute about nuclear power station , the pressure of populists focused on a single subject : the call for the lifting of bendeves .

laut einer jüngst für die weltbank durchgeführten umfrage unter unternehmen , die an carbon finance interessiert sind , erklärte nur ein fünftel der befragten interesse am kauf von emissionsreduktionen nach 2012 .
according to a recent world bank-supported survey of companies interested in carbon finance , only one in five respondents declared that they were interested in buying post-2012 emissions reductions .
according to a recent survey carried out by the world bank on the subject of companies that are interested in development , only one fifth of the interested parties declared interest in the purchase of emissions reductions after 2012 .
according to a recent question for the world bank , there was only one fifth of the interested parties to the world bank to buy emissions reductions after 2012 .

manchmal wird es dabei erforderlich sein , gewalt gegen staaten einzusetzen , die den terroristen unterschlupf gewähren , so wie dies in afghanistan mit der zerstörung des taliban-regimes geschah .
this will sometimes require that we use force against states that harbor terrorists , as we did in destroying the taliban regime in afghanistan .
sometimes , it will be necessary to use violence against states that are subcontracted to terrorists , as happened in afghanistan with the destruction of the taliban regime .
sometimes , it will be necessary to use violence against states that grant the terrorists a lake , as happened in afghanistan with the destruction of the taliban regime .

es ist unter umständen schwierig festzustellen , ob der tod oder der krankenhausaufenthalt eines patienten auf ein bestimmtes medikament , die zugrunde liegende krankheit oder eine kombination aus beiden zurückzuführen ist .
whether a patient &apos;s death or hospitalization is due to a particular drug , the underlying illness , or a combination of the two can be hard to determine .
it is difficult , in some circumstances , to see whether the death or hospital residence of a patient is due to a particular medicine , the underlying disease or a combination of both .
in circumstances , it is difficult to see whether the death or hospital of a patient is due to a specific media , which is based on the underlying disease or a combination of both .

für indien ergibt sich daraus die lehre , dass die volle wechselkursfreigabe im falle eines schockes im inneren oder von außen sich als ein kostspieliger und kurzlebiger versuch erweisen könnte .
the lesson for india is that , in the event of a domestic or external shock , full convertibility could prove to be a costly , short-lived experiment .
for india , the lesson is that the full exchange rate release in the event of a shock in the internal or outside world could prove to be a costly and short-sighted attempt .
for india , the lesson is that the full exchange rate of exchange rates could prove to be a costly and short-sighted attempt in the internal or outside world .

infolge der krise von 1997 hat sich der staat weiter aus den märkten zurückgezogen und seine grenzen hinsichtlich dessen , was er erreichen kann und wie wichtig er ist , das gedeihen privater unternehmen zu ermöglichen , anerkannt .
following the 1997 crisis , the state withdrew further from markets , acknowledging the limits to what it can achieve and the importance of allowing private enterprise to flourish .
as a result of the 1997 crisis , the state has continued to withdraw from the markets and recognised its limits as regards what it can achieve and how important it is to make it possible for private companies to flourish .
as a result of the 1997 crisis , the state has continued to withdraw from the markets and has recognised its borders with regard to what it can achieve and how important it is to allow private companies to flourish .

aus den jeweiligen besonderheiten lässt sich erklären , warum erfolgreiche länder wie unter anderen china , indien , süd-korea und taiwan meistens unkonventionelle elemente in verbindung mit einer linientreuen politik angewandt haben .
such specificity helps explain why successful countries--china , india , south korea , and taiwan , among others--usually combined unorthodox elements with orthodox policies .
it is clear from the specific characteristics that successful countries , such as other china , india , south korea and taiwan , have generally applied unconventional elements in connection with liniia policy .
from the specific characteristics , it is possible to explain why successful countries such as other china , india , south korea and taiwan have generally applied unconventional elements in connection with a liniard policy .

wenn die welt ihre wirtschaftspolitik nicht neu ausrichtet , um die negativen auswirkungen wirtschaftlicher ungleichheit auf das wachstum und die armutsreduzierung anzugehen , werden die armen und die privilegierten weiterhin welten voneinander entfernt leben .
unless the world refocuses economic policies to address the adverse impact of economic inequality on growth and poverty reduction , the poor and the privileged will continue to live worlds apart .
if the world does not redefine its economic policy in order to address the negative effects of economic inequality on growth and poverty reduction , the poor and the privileged people will continue to live apart from each other .
if the world does not restructure its economic policy in order to address the negative effects of economic inequality on growth and poverty reduction , the poor and the privileged lives will continue to be removed .

der dritte schock ging vom euro aus , der zu einer dramatischen konvergenz der langfristigen zinsen in europa führte . diese hatten in einigen ländern zwischen fünf und sieben prozentpunkte über dem deutschen zinsniveau gelegen .
the third shock was the euro , which has induced a rapid convergence of long-term interest rates , which in some countries had been five to seven percentage points above the german level .
the third shock was from the euro , which led to a dramatic convergence of long-term interest rates in europe , which , in some countries , had between five and seven percentage points over the german interest rate level .
the euro came from the euro , which led to a dramatic convergence of long-term interest rates in europe , which , in some countries , had two and seven percentage points on the german interest level .

der polnische nationalbankpräsident leszek balcerowicz meint , dass die beitrittsländer von der euroeinführung sicher profitieren werden . die gegenwärtigen mitglieder werden im schlimmsten fall nichts davon merken .
as leszek balcerowicz , the governor of the national bank of poland , argues , adoption of the euro by candidate countries will certainly create benefits for candidate countries , while in the worst case being neutral for current members .
the polish nationalist president , mr lesnaowicz , believes that the candidate countries will certainly benefit from the introduction of the euro , and in the worst case case , the current members will not see anything of this .
the polish nationalist president of the polish national albanian government , mr assowicz , believes that the candidate countries will certainly benefit from the introduction of the euro , and the current members will not see anything of this .

von den militärischen faktoren einmal abgesehen , ist es , wenn eine derartige intervention erwogen wird , jedoch von zentraler bedeutung , die internationale politische diskussion auf die rapide stationierung einer verbundenen zivil- und sicherheitspräsenz zu konzentrieren .
however , apart from military factors , where such intervention is being considered , it is of vital importance to focus international policy discussion on the rapid deployment of a linked civilian and security presence .
apart from the military factors , if such intervention is considered , it is essential , however , to focus the international political debate on the rapid deployment of a civilised and security senate .
apart from the military factors , if such intervention is considered , it is essential to focus on the international political debate on the rapid deployment of a civil and safety service .

die meisten länder haben das erkannt und sich gemeinsam mit anderen in rio und kyoto an einen tisch gesetzt , um etwas gegen diese globale erwärmung zu unternehmen -- nicht genug , aber das kyoto-protokoll war auch nur als ein anfang gedacht .
most countries have recognized this , coming together in rio and kyoto to do something about it — not enough , but the kyoto protocol was intended only as a start .
most countries have recognised this and , together with others in rio and kyoto , put a table to do something about this global warming - not enough , but the kyoto protocol was only intended as a start .
most of the countries have recognised this and , together with others in rio and kyoto , set up a table to do something against this global warming , not enough , but the kyoto protocol was only thought at the beginning .

daher scheint mir seit 20 jahren , dass das grundlegende politische gleichgewicht in westeuropa -- tarifverhandlungen und umfangreiche sozialversicherungen auf der einen seite gegenüber einer straffen währungspolitik auf der anderen seite -- brüchig werden muss .
so , for 20 years it has seemed to me that western europe &apos;s underlying political equilibrium -- corporatist bargaining and ample social insurance , on the one hand , and tight monetary policies , on the other -- must crack .
it seems to me , therefore , that for 20 years now , the fundamental political balance in western europe - collective bargaining negotiations and extensive social security insurance has been required on the one hand towards monetary policy on the other - brothers .
therefore , for 20 years , it seems to me that the fundamental political balance in western europe - collective agreements and major social insurance on the one hand , must be taken on the other side of monetary policy on the other .

im jahr 1998 war ich zu gesprächen in den ehemaligen sowjetrepubliken zentralasiens . gegenstand der unterredungen war die - tatsächliche oder vermeintliche - demokratische entwicklung in diesen damals unabhängig gewordenen staaten .
in 1998 , i visited central asia &apos;s former soviet republics for talks--concerning the democratic development that was--or should have been--taking place in those newly independent countries .
in 1998 , i was at the talks in the former soviet republics of central asia , which was the subject of the submissions - real or supposed - democratic development in these states , regardless of which then .
in 1998 , i was in discussions in the former soviet republics of central asia , which was the subject of subjugation - the real or alleged - democratic development in these countries at that time , regardless of those states .

gesundheitsrisiken -- kernreaktoren , waffen und verseuchte lebensmittel -- umgeben uns alle , deshalb übernehmen regierungen bei der begrenzung dieser risiken durch vorschriften eine aktive rolle , was in vielen fällen sehr erfolgreich geschieht .
health hazards -- nuclear reactors , guns , and contaminated foods -- surround all of us , so governments take an active role in limiting these hazards through regulations , which , in many cases , are very successful .
all of us are resorting to health risks - nuclear reactors , weapons and contaminated food - which is why governments are taking an active role in restricting these risks by means of rules , which is very successful in many cases .
all of us have health risks - nuclear reactors , arms and contaminated food - and therefore all governments take on an active role in limiting these risks by means of rules , which is very successful in many cases .

wenn ein land oder eine andere koalition als der uno-sicherheitsrat zu militärischen mitteln greift und selbst wenn dies nur als letzter ausweg geschieht , dann würde sich statt des völkerrechts , , anarchie &quot; breit machen , womit alle hoffnungen auf eine neue weltordnung zerstört wären .
if a country or coalition of countries other than the un security council uses force , even as a last resort , &quot; anarchy &quot; , not international law , would prevail , destroying all hope of world order .
if a country or another coalition were to intervene as a united nations security council to military means and even if this happens only as a last resort , then instead of international law , anarchy , which would destroy all hopes of a new world order .
if a country or another coalition is to be used as the un security council , and even if this is only the last way of doing so , it would make itself more widespread than international law , anarchy , which would destroy all hopes of a new world order .

weil die politische absicht und nicht die technische tauglichkeit von belang ist , stellt nmd jetzt ein problem dar : sie treibt russland in die konfrontation , macht china noch nervöser und verstärkt ein europäisches gefühl der entfremdung von den usa .
because political intentions , not technical capabilities matter , nmd creates problems now : it pushes russia into confrontation , heightens chinese nervousness , and underpins a european sense of estrangement from the us .
because the political intention and not the technical devaluation of bees is now a problem : it is pushing russia into confrontation , makes china even nervous and strengthens a european feeling of foreign depression from the united states .
because the political intention and not the technical exploration of beds is now a problem : it is going to drive russia into confrontation , china makes it even more nervous and strengthen a european feeling of foreign depression from the united states .

berlin : wie alte schlachtrösser sich jung fühlen , wenn das signal zum angriff ertönt , so fühlen strategen des kalten krieges ihren adrenalinspiegel steigen , wenn die raketenabwehr schlagzeilen macht .
berlin : like old battle horses feeling young as the bugle sounds , cold war strategists are feeling the adrenalin mount as missile defense becomes front page news .
berlin : like old slaughter wives , young people feel the signal of attack , the cold war is so strategic as to increase their adreninfo-points when the rocket headlines make headlines .
berlin : like old slaughter roman , if the signal to the attack is taken , it is so strategic that the cold war will increase its adriatic rendition if the missiles of missiles make headway .

jemand hat einmal zu recht gesagt , es sein einfacher , bomben abzuwerfen als aufzubauen . es ist relativ einfach , ein regime militärisch zu besiegen , aber sehr viel schwieriger , an seiner stelle eine stabile , lebensfähige zivilgesellschaft zu errichten .
someone once rightly said that it is easy to bomb , but much harder to build ; it is relatively easy to defeat a regime militarily , but it is far more difficult to create a solid , sustainable , civil society in its place .
someone has quite rightly said that it is easier to throw bombs out than to build them ; it is relatively easy to win a military regime , but it is much more difficult to build a stable , viable civil society at its place .
someone has rightly said that he has said that it is easier to build bombs than to build , and it is relatively simple to label a military regime , but very much more difficult to build a stable , viable civil society .

wie im bericht der vereinten nationen the <unk> predicament beobachtet , haben sich wenige länder , ob reich oder arm , gegen den globalen trend der wachsenden ungleichheit oder seine folgen für bildung , gesundheit und sozialfürsorge als immun erwiesen .
as surveyed in the united nations report the inequality predicament , few countries , rich or poor , have proved immune to the global trend of rising inequality , or to its consequences for education , health , and social welfare .
as stated in the united nations report , few countries have shown themselves to be rich or poor , against the global trend of increasing inequality or consequences for education , health and social care .
there are few countries , such as the united nations report , who have been monitoring the violence of the united nations , who have seen a few countries , whether rich or poor , against the global trend of growing inequality or its consequences for education , health and social care as a mun .

europäer , amerikanische ureinwohner und afrikaner verheirateten sich untereinander , wodurch ethnisch gemischte gesellschaften entstanden , aber die langfristige tendenz europäischer dominanz , die unterwerfung der indigenen und afroamerikanischen bevölkerungsteile und die tief verwurzelte armut hinterließen narben in den lateinamerikanischen gesellschaften .
societies became racially and ethnically complex , as the european , amerindian , and african populations intermarried , but the long-term trend of european dominance , indigenous and afro-american subservience , and entrenched poverty became a scar on latin american societies .
europeans , american cleaners and africans have been married among themselves , resulting in ethnic mixed societies , but the long-term trend of european dominance , the subjugation of indigenous and afoot american populations and the deep poverty left behind in latin american societies .
europeans , american and africans were married among themselves , who created mixed ethnic societies , but the long-term trend towards european dominance , the subjugation of the indigenous and afrous population , and the deep poverty that has been rooted in latin american societies .

jetzt haben wir die chance , vorausschauend zu agieren und die weltgemeinschaft -- ohne ausnahme , aber mit unterschiedlichen verantwortlichkeiten -- zur beteiligung aufzurufen , um eine sicherere welt zu schaffen , in der die risiken der umweltverschmutzung und sozialer konflikte vermieden werden , zu denen es durch untätigkeit kommen könnte .
now is the chance to look forward and enlist the global community -- with no exclusions , although with differentiated responsibilities -- in the pursuit of a more secure world , one that avoids the dire risks of environmental degradation and social conflict implied by inaction .
now we have the opportunity to act in advance and to call on the world community - without exception , but with different responsibilities - to participate in order to create a safer world in which the risks of pollution and social conflicts could be avoided by inaction .
we now have the opportunity to act in advance and to call on the world community , without exception , but with different responsibilities , to create a safer world in which the risks of pollution and social conflicts could be avoided .

die eu-erweiterung steht kurz bevor und die mission der gemeinschaft darf nicht durch die verfechter des alten und &quot; anderen &quot; europa vergiftet werden , durch politiker , die lieber in der vergangenheit herumstochern , als verantwortlich darüber nachzudenken , wie man ein friedliches und wohlhabendes europa schaffen kann .
as eu expansion looms , europe &apos;s mission must not become undermined by the advocates of that old and &quot; other &quot; central europe , politicians who prefer to wallow in the past rather than think in responsible ways about building a peaceful and prosperous europe .
the enlargement of the eu is short and the community mission must not be poisoned by the protagonists of the old and other &apos; europe &apos; , by politicians who prefer to die in the past than by thinking about how to create a peaceful and prosperous europe .
the eu &apos;s enlargement is short of the day before , and the community &apos;s mission must not be pounded by the supporters of the old and other &apos; europe &apos; , by politicians who prefer to stoke into the past , as responsible for how to create a peaceful and prosperous europe .

die treuhänder des amerikanischen medicare treuhandfonds ( der krankenversicherung von rentnern ) schätzen , dass sich ihre schwebenden schulden auf momentan 5,9 trillionen dollar belaufen - also um 50 % höher sind als die momentanen staatsschulden der usa .
the trustees of the us medicare trust funds ( providing medical services to the retired ) estimate that their unfunded obligations have a present value of $ 5.9 trillion--50 % larger than america &apos;s official publicly-held national debt .
the treasury of the american media fund ( the health insurance of pensioners ) is estimated that its sister debt is at present usd 5.9 trillion - that is , 50 % higher than the current state debt of the usa .
it is estimated that their swedish debt at the moment is usd 5.9 trilliers - 50 % higher than the current state debt of the united states .

sie haben angst , dass die zentralbanker weiterhin auf einer geldverknappung bestehen , auch nach der umsetzung von strukturreformen , um arbeitslosenunterstützung weniger attraktiv zu machen und um die fähigkeit von arbeitnehmern und unternehmen zu steigern , für einen arbeitsplatz bzw. für die arbeitskräfte umzuziehen .
they worry that even after undertaking structural reforms to reduce the attractiveness of unemployment benefits and increase the ability of workers to move to jobs and of firms to move to workers , central bankers will continue to insist on tight money .
they are afraid that the central banks will continue to insist on a shortage of money , even after the implementation of structural reforms , to make unemployment less attractive and to increase the ability of workers and businesses to work for a job or for workers .
they are afraid that the central banks continue to insist on a divorce of money , even after the implementation of structural reforms , in order to make unemployment more attractive and to increase the ability of workers and businesses to move to work or to the workforce .

wen würden sie präsentieren : einen experten , der zu einander im widerspruch stehende argumente abwägt und zu dem schluss gelangt , am wahrscheinlichsten sei , dass die dinge weiter ihren gewohnten gang gingen ? oder einen experten , der die zuschauer von ihren stühlen reißt mit warnungen vor radikalen islamisten , die die macht an sich reißen und dafür sorgen werden , dass die ölpreise in die höhe schießen ?
whom would you pick : an expert who balances conflicting arguments and concludes that the likeliest outcome is more of the same , or an expert who gets viewers on the edge of their seats over radical islamists seizing control and causing oil prices to soar ?
will you present an expert who weighs up against each other and concluded the most likely that things went further in their past , or a expert who cares about their maturity with warnings against radicals who are going to get off the ground and who will ensure that oil prices are set in the shores ?
you would like to present to you : a experts who would consider arguments that are contrary to each other , and that the most likely thing is that things have gone further ? or a experts who are sending out of their cheques with radical islamic warning , who are going to turn into power and to ensure that oil prices are lost in oil prices ?

an dieser stelle , an diesem golgotha der neuzeit rief er die polen , die ihrer in auschwitz vergasten und in sibirischen konzentrationslagern erfrorenen angehörigen gedachten , auf , eine brüderliche gemeinschaft zu bilden und gegen hass und rache zu kämpfen , selbst wenn diese gerechtfertigt sind .
on that spot , that golgotha of modern times , he called the poles , who remembered dear ones gassed to death in auschwitz &apos;s crematoria as well as those frozen into glass in siberia &apos;s concentration camps , to a brotherhood devoted to struggle against even justified hatred and revenge .
at this point , the gola of the new era of poland , which , in its village , was the most lucrative in ireland , was to set up a brotherly community and to fight against hatred and hatred , even if they themselves are justified if they are justified .
at this point , mr president , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mr president of the council , mr president of the european parliament , mr president of the council , mr president of the european parliament , mr president of the european parliament , mr president of the european parliament , mr president of the european parliament , and the former irish concentration camps , who have been held in ireland , to form a community of hatred and hatred and to fight against hatred , even if they are justified , even if they are the ones .

