die füchse schöpfen aus vielen quellen .
eclectic foxes are better at curbing their ideological enthusiasms .
the catchment is used from many sources .
there are many sources of energy .

wir alle müssen freiheitskämpfer werden .
we must all become freedom fighters .
we must all fight for freedom .
we all need to fight for freedom .

daher : keine änderung der politik !
so no change in policy .
that is why : no change in politics !
that is why there is no change in politics .

recht und ordnung auf russische art
law and order , russian-style
right and order in russia
law and order in russian form

stimmt das denn ?
but is this right ?
is that true ?
is that true ?

haben wir ihnen außer individualrechten irgendetwas entgegenzusetzen ?
can we oppose them with anything but individual rights ?
do we have anything to do with individual rights ?
do we have anything to do with them apart from individual rights ?

es gibt auch keine einfache erklärung dafür , was armut verursacht .
nor is there a simple explanation of what causes poverty .
nor is there any simple explanation of what causes poverty .
there is also no simple explanation of what poverty causes .

stabilität ist jedoch ebenso eine frage politischer wahrnehmung wie technischer berechnungen .
but stability is as much a matter of political perceptions as of technical calculations .
stability , however , is also a political issue , such as technical calculations .
stability is , however , just as a political issue , such as technical calculations .

was schulden wir unseren urururenkeln ?
what do we owe to our great-great-great-grandchildren ?
what debt do we owe to our urgencies ?
what do we owe to our judgment ?

die situation ist aber alles andere als hoffnungslos .
the situation is far from hopeless .
however , the situation is far from hopeless .
however , the situation is all the other than hopeless .

daher können diese verpflichtungen auch nicht , , weginflationiert`<unk> werden .
no government can thus ``inflate them away . &apos; &apos;
that is why these commitments cannot be made either , and they can be taken away from inflation .
that is why these commitments cannot be drawn up , let alone inflation .

erstens gibt es das problem seiner auswirkungen auf arbeitnehmer mit geringem einkommen und kleinhändler .
first , there is the matter of its effect on low-wage workers and smaller-scale retailers .
firstly , there is the problem of its impact on workers with low incomes and small retailers .
firstly , there is the problem of its impact on workers with low incomes and small dealers .

danach existierte er mehr als historische schimäre denn als reale person .
after that , he existed more as an historical chimera than as a real person .
after that , he was more than historical implants than a real person .
after that , he had more than historic shimps than a real person .

ich mache dafür zwei ungelöste , aber durchaus lösbare probleme verantwortlich .
i blame two unsolved , but solvable , problems .
i am responsible for two unresolved problems , but perfectly capable of doing so .
i have two unresolved problems in favour of this , but it is very difficult to face up to the problems .

die frage lautet natürlich , was nach dem abzug aus gaza passiert .
the question , of course , is what will happen after the gaza disengagement .
the question is , of course , what happens after the withdrawal from gaza .
the question is , of course , what happens after the withdrawal of gaza .

das niedrige wachstum in deutschland , so müntefering , sei ein zeichen natürlicher konvergenz .
slow german growth , he maintains , is a sign of natural convergence .
the low growth in germany , the munich holiday , is a sign of natural convergence .
the low growth in germany , the munster , is a sign of natural convergence .

eine unsere dringendsten aufgaben heute ist , zu verhindern , dass schwache staaten implodieren .
one of our most pressing tasks today is to prevent the implosion of weak states .
one of our most urgent tasks today is to prevent weak states being locked up .
one of our most urgent tasks today is to prevent weak states .

alle diese ernsten menschenrechtsfragen offenbaren , dass die russischen rechtsinstitutionen nur halb entwickelt sind .
all of these serious human rights questions expose the fact that russia &apos;s legal institutions remains half-formed .
all these serious human rights issues show that the russian legal institutions are only half developed .
all these serious human rights issues show that the russian legal bodies are only half developed .

assad befindet sich derzeit in einer konsolidierungsphase , die wenig raum für reformen lässt .
assad is now in a consolidation phase , leaving little room for reform .
assad is currently in a consolidated phase , which leaves little room for reform .
assad assad is currently in a consolidated phase that leaves little room for reforms .

das bedeutet allerdings nicht , dass renten und andere sozialleistungen zur gänze festgelegt sind .
but this does not mean that pensions and other welfare obligations are entirely fixed .
this does not mean , however , that pensions and other social benefits are laid down for pedestrians .
that does not mean , however , that pensions and other social benefits are set up .

der zweite spiegelt -- paradoxerweise -- unseren wachsenden zynismus in bezug auf politik und politiker wider .
the second , paradoxically , reflects our growing cynicism towards politics and politicians .
the second reflects - paradoxical - our growing cynicism with regard to politics and politicians .
the second reflects - paradoxical - our growing cynicism in politics and politicians .

die beiden haben diesen krieg aus bestimmten gründen begonnen , über die auf der ganzen welt hitzig debattiert wurde .
they launched this war for certain declared reasons , all of which were heatedly debated around the world .
the two have begun this war for certain reasons , which has been debated throughout the world .
the two have begun this war for certain reasons that have been debated on the whole of the world .

bush und blair müssen zeigen , dass eventuell gefundene massenvernichtungswaffen eine ernsthafte und unmittelbare bedrohung darstellten .
bush and blair must show that any weapons of mass destruction that are recovered posed a grave and urgent threat .
bush and blair must show that weapons of mass destruction may be a serious and immediate threat .
bush and blair must show that weapons of mass destruction may have caused serious and immediate threat .

von anderen durch parasiten übertragenen tropischen krankheiten gehen ähnlich außergewöhnliche belastungen für afrika aus .
other tropical parasitic diseases imply similarly extraordinary burdens in africa .
other tropical diseases transmitted by parasites are similar to exceptional burdens for africa .
other tropical tropical diseases are similar to the extraordinary burdens for africa .

tatsächlich sehe ich es als eine meiner aufgaben den kontakt zwischen diesen gruppen und den behörden zu erleichtern .
indeed , i view one of my tasks as being to facilitate contacts between these groups and the authorities .
in fact , as one of my tasks , i see it as facilitating contact between these groups and the authorities .
in fact , i see it as one of my tasks to facilitate contact between these groups and the authorities .

die kommunistische polizei verschwand aus den hauptstraßen warschaus und doch zeigten sich diese in vorbildhafter ordnung .
communist police disappeared from the main streets of warsaw , yet the streets became models of order .
the communist police have waited from the main roads , but they have shown themselves to be exemplary .
the communist police has waited from the main roads and , however , they were in exemplary order .

keine generation sollte gezwungen sein , ihnen von einer anderen generation aufgezwungene unnötige ökonomische risiken in kauf zu nehmen .
no generation should be forced to accept unnecessary economic risks imposed by another generation .
no generation should be forced to buy unnecessary economic risks from another generation .
no generation should be forced to buy unnecessary economic risks from another generation .

doch tragen ungleichheit und ein gefühl der entbehrung zu unmut und sozialer instabilität bei , was die sicherheit gefährdet .
but inequality and a sense of deprivation do contribute to resentment and social instability , threatening security .
however , inequality and a sense of decentralization contribute to uncourage and social instability , which threatens security .
however , inequality and a feeling of incourage and social instability , which threatens security .

es hat nicht nur den verfassungsentwurf zu grabe getragen , es ist auch dem haushaltsproblem weitestgehend ausgewichen .
besides burying the draft constitution , it has largely sidestepped the budget issue .
it is not only the draft constitution that has been too grasped , but it is also largely out of the budgetary problem .
it has not only supported the draft constitution , it is also the budgetary problem as much as possible .

die schwache finanzlage ihrerseits hat das vertrauen der investoren unterminiert -- mit offensichtlichen auswirkungen für das wirtschaftswachstum .
the weak fiscal position has in turn undermined investors &apos; confidence , with obvious implications for economic growth .
the weak financial situation , for its part , has undermined the confidence of investors - with obvious effects on economic growth .
for its part , the weak financial situation has undermined the trust of investors - with obvious effects on economic growth .

armut entsteht jedoch eindeutig aus verschiedenen komplexen bedingungen und zu ihrer verbesserung ist ein multidimensionaler ansatz erforderlich .
clearly , however , poverty arises from various complex conditions , and its amelioration requires a multidimensional approach .
however , poverty is clearly caused by different complex conditions and its improvement requires a multifaceted approach .
however , poverty is clearly based on different complex conditions and on their improvement , a multi-annual approach is needed .

es macht keinen sinn leugnen zu wollen , dass die mitbestimmung der bürger nur allzu oft dazu dient , heuchelei zu legitimieren .
it is no use denying that civic participation too often serves only to legitimize a sham .
it makes no sense to deny that the participation of citizens is all too often used to legitimisate hypocrisy .
it makes no sense to deny that the participation of citizens is all too often used to justify hypocrisy .

in unserer heutigen welt gibt ein eindeutig auch für zwei arbeit genug , um stabilität und sicherheit zu gewährleisten und gemeinsame werte zu fördern .
in today &apos;s world , there is clearly work for two to bring about stability and security , and in promoting common values .
in today &apos;s world , there is a clear commitment to two jobs in order to guarantee stability and security and promote common values .
in today &apos;s world , there is clearly enough for two work to ensure stability and security and to promote common values .

mein büro arbeitete eng mit dem staat zusammen , um sicherzustellen , dass geschworene in den meisten fällen zum einsatz kommen .
my office worked closely with the state to assure that , in most cases , juries are used .
my office worked closely with the state to ensure that in most cases it is used .
my office is working closely with the state in order to ensure that most cases are used .

einige im westen haben versucht , unsere aufgewühlten zeiten zu einem &quot; kampf der kulturen &quot; zu stilisieren .
some in the west have tried to conjure a &quot; clash of civilizations &quot; out of our troubled times .
some in the west have tried to put an end to our emerging times to a &apos; fight of cultures &apos; .
some of us in the west have tried to break our outdated times into a &apos; battle of cultures &apos; .

in den kommenden monaten dürften mehrere pensionierungsrunden es dem präsidenten erlauben , weitere seiner leute in machtpositionen zu bringen .
in the coming month , several rounds of retirements should allow the president to place more of his people in positions of power .
in the coming months , several pension rounds will allow the president to bring further people into power positions .
in the coming months , several pension rounds may allow the president to bring further people to power positions .

herkömmliche militärische modelle sich darauf ausgerichtet , etwas zu enthaupten , das -- in diesem fall -- keinen kopf hat .
conventional military models are geared to decapitate something that , in this case , has no head .
traditional military models are designed to cover something that - in this case - has no head of mind .
conventional military models are aimed at saying something to be said , which , in this case , does not have a head .

mitte juli trafen sich die großartigen finanzminister der europäischen währungsunion ( ewu ) , um über den zustand der wirtschaft in der euro-zone nachzudenken .
in mid-july the great-and-good finance ministers of the european monetary union ( emu ) gathered to consider the euro zone &apos;s economic condition .
in mid-july , the great finance ministers of the european monetary union ( emu ) met to reflect on the state of the economy in the euro zone .
in mid-july , the great finance ministers of the european monetary union ( emu ) met to reflect on the state of the economy in the euro area .

und mit sicherheit umfassen ihre untersuchungen die junge wissenschaft vom management virtueller unternehmen : wie man selbstorganisierende zellen aufbaut und unterstützt .
their research surely includes the young science of virtual enterprise management : how to nurture and support self-organizing cells .
with certainty , their studies include young science from virtual companies : how to build and support self-organised cells .
and certainly , their studies include young science from virtual business management : how to build and support self-organised cells .

die bevölkerung südkoreas besteht darauf , dass amerikanische soldaten , die ein verbrechen begehen , vor ein koreanisches gericht gestellt werden .
ordinary koreans insist that us soldiers who commit crimes should be tried in korean courts .
the people of south korea insist that american soldiers who commit a crime should be brought before an korean court .
the people of south korea are concerned that american soldiers who commit a crime are being brought before a korean court .

sie war konservativ in ihrer absoluten treue zu evangelikalen werten , zur wahrheit des glaubens und ihrer historischen identität .
it was conservative in its absolute fidelity to evangelical values , to the truth of faith , to its historical identity .
she was conservative in her absolute loyalty to evacular values , the truth of the faith and its historical identity .
it was conservative in its absolute sense to evacuate values , the truth of faith and its historical identity .

in diesem fall könnte die ansteckung innerhalb und über die märkte hinweg eine abwärtsspirale in gang setzen und die preise über jahre senken .
then , contagion within and across markets can work in a downward direction , propelling prices lower for years .
in this case , the infection within and over the markets could lead to a downward spiral and reduce prices over years .
in this case , the reduction in the supply within and over the markets could lead to a downward spiral and reduce prices over years .

auch die programme zur stabilisierung und strukturkorrektur , die seit den 1980ern verordnet wurden , hielten nicht ihr versprechen , höheres wirtschaftswachstum zu erzielen .
nor have stabilization and structural adjustment programs , imposed since the 1980 &apos;s , delivered on their promise of achieving higher economic growth .
the stabilisation and structural correction programmes , which have been set up since the 1980s , did not have their promise to achieve greater economic growth .
the programmes for stabilisation and structural correction , which have been set up since the 1980m , did not have their promise to achieve greater economic growth .

zweitens gereicht es den übertreibern -- erneut wie die skeptiker warnten -- selten zum nachteil , wenn sie sich irren .
second , again as the <<unk>> tics warned , over-claimers rarely pay penalties for being wrong .
secondly , it is rare for the exaggerations - as the sceptics have said - to be put at a disadvantage if they are mistaken .
secondly , it is often at the expense of the overhauliers - as the sceptics have said - if they are wrong .

sogar in dieser situation hat sich die rechte als streitsüchtig erwiesen , was den weg für meciars mögliche wiederkehr ebnet .
even in this situation the political right has been quarrelsome , creating space for meciar &apos;s possible return to power .
even in this situation , the rights of the south have proved to be controversial , which paves the way for meciars to return .
in this situation , even in this situation , the rights of the south have proved to be a great deal of dispute , which will reopen the way for meciars possible .

andere tropische krankheiten sind ebenfalls beherrschbar , und mit praktischen technologien zur produktion sicheren trinkwassers lassen sich durchfallerkrankungen drastisch reduzieren .
other tropical diseases also can be controlled , and practical technologies for safe drinking water can dramatically reduce diarrheal diseases .
other tropical diseases are also competent , and practical technologies for the production of safe drinking water can be drastically reduced .
other tropical diseases are also controlled , and practical technologies for the production of safe drinking water can be reduced dramatically .

außerdem sind die fruchtbarkeitsraten stark bis auf ein niveau gefallen , auf dem sie sich wahrscheinlich in vielen ländern in den nächsten jahrzehnten einpendeln werden .
moreover , fertility rates have fallen sharply , to a point where populations in many countries will probably level off in coming decades .
in addition , fertiliser rates have been high up to a level at which they will probably become involved in many countries over the next few decades .
in addition , the fertility rates have been very high to a level in which they will probably be paid in many countries over the coming decades .

die sympathisanten des präsidenten verherrlichen ihn als den retter der armen und bedrängten vor einer selbstsüchtigen , verschwörerischen elite .
his sympathizers glorify chávez as a defender of the poor besieged by a selfish , coup-plotting elite .
the sympathisers of the president depicted him as the snapshot of the poor and forced elite before a self-ruthless , merciless elite .
the sympathy of the president of the president , as the rewreck of the poor and beat before a self-anguish elite .

im falle der ezb dürfte zum gegenwärtigen zeitpunkt eine erhöhung um 50 basispunkte ausreichen , und danach könnten die zinsen vermutlich eine weile so bleiben , wie sie sind .
for the ecb , an increase of 50 basis points could do the job at this point -- after which rates could probably be put on hold for some time .
in the case of the ecb , an increase of 50 basic points should be sufficient at this stage , and then interest rates could probably remain as long as they are .
in the case of the ecb , at the moment , an increase of 50 basic points should be sufficient , and then interest rates may probably remain as much as they are .

um das paradigma vom &quot; krieg &quot; passend zu machen , spricht die bush-administration von al-qaeda als einem zentral geführten feind .
in order to make the &quot; war &quot; paradigm fit , the bush administration alludes to al-qaeda as a centrally directed enemy .
in order to make the paradigm of the &apos; war &apos; , the bush administration of al-qaeda speaks as a central enemy .
in order to make the paradigm of the &apos; war &apos; , the bush administration talks of al-qaeda as a centralised enemy .

es heißt , die usa seien extrem verärgert über die weigerung syriens , entsprechend einer resolution der vereinten nationen seine truppen aus dem libanon abzuziehen .
the us is said to be extremely angry at syria &apos;s refusal to withdraw its forces from lebanon in line with a united nations resolution .
it says that the united states is extremely angry about the refusal of syria to withdraw its troops from lebanon in accordance with a united nations resolution .
it says that the united states is extremely vulnerable to the refusal of syria to withdraw its troops from lebanon in accordance with a united nations resolution .

in einer welt , die sich zur globalen bühne entwickelt , spielen die medien eine zentrale rolle dabei , den appetit auf schicksalsbegünstigte führer anzuheizen .
with the world becoming a global stage , the media &apos;s role in fueling the appetite for providential leaders is essential .
in a world that is developing on the global stage , the media play a central role in heating the appetite for schizophrenic beneficiaries .
in a world that is developing on the global stage , the media play a central role in making the appeal for the chart to schihram beneficiaries .

sie sind ein großer segen für verbraucher mit geringem einkommen und gleichen zum teil das laue lohnwachstum aus , dem viele von ihnen in den letzten beiden jahrzehnten unterworfen waren .
they are an enormous boon to low-income consumers , partly compensating for the tepid wage growth that many of them have suffered during the past two decades .
they are a great blessing for consumers with low incomes and , in the same way , wage growth , which many of them have been subject to over the last two decades .
they are a great deal for consumers with low incomes and , in part , the wage growth that many of them have been subject to over the last two decades .

traditionell kehren im september opernensembles und orchester aus aix , salzburg , tanglewood und zahllosen anderen festspielorten heim .
september is traditionally the time when opera companies and orchestras return to their home cities from aix , salzburg , tanglewood , and countless other summer festivals .
traditionally , in september , opharvests and orchestra are returning from aix , salzburg , tanzburg , tanks and countless other detention centres .
traditionally , in september , opensasembles and orchestonians from aix , salzburg , tanzburg , tanks and many other closed places .

zuvor hatte assad im september trotz amerikanischer und französischer warnungen eine verfassungswidrige verlängerung der amtszeit des libanesischen präsidenten emile lahoud erzwungen .
this came after assad last september imposed an unconstitutional extension of lebanese president emile lahoud &apos;s mandate , despite french and american warnings .
earlier , in september , in spite of american and french warnings , assad had imposed an unconstitutional extension of the term of office of the lebanese president , emlad lad .
before , assad assad in september , despite american and french warnings , had imposed an unconstitutional extension of the term of office of the lebanese president , mr emlad lad .

während man in amerika auf steuerabzugsfähige spenden und die einnahmen aus dem kartenverkauf angewiesen ist , bevorzugt man in europa die direkte staatliche unterstützung der kunst .
whereas americans depend upon tax-deductible private donations and box office receipts to finance live classical music , europeans prefer direct government support for the arts .
while in america there is a need for tax donations and revenue from the sale of carrots , the direct state support of art in europe is preferred .
while we need tax donations in america and income from the sale of carteners , we would prefer the direct state support of art in europe .

heute plagen sich ökonomen mit ähnlich unerwünschten geistern in form wiederkehrender wirtschaftskrisen , von denen man annahm sie wären längst für immer von der bildfläche verschwunden .
today , economists are similarly troubled by unwanted ghosts , as they ponder the reappearance of economic ills long thought buried and dead .
today , economists with similar unwanted hostages in the form of recurrent economic crises , of which they would have been affected for a long time now by the area of training .
today , economic hosts with similar unwanted hostages in the form of reemerging economic crises , where they were taken for a long time to disappear from the bills .

der pakt hat bereits deutschland in eine rezession gedrückt . die italienische regierung kann die wachstumsvorhersagen nicht schnell genug revidieren , um mit den sinkenden erträgen schritt zu halten .
the pact is already knocking germany into recession , and italy &apos;s government is struggling to revise its growth forecasts fast enough to keep up with falling output .
the pact has already brought germany into recession , and the italian government cannot rapidly revise growth forecasts in order to keep pace with the sinking contracts .
the pact has already made germany a recession in a recession , and the italian government cannot quickly revise the growth forecasts in order to keep a step forward with the sinking .

in der slowakei , wo nationalistische regungen nach 1989 eine wichtige politische rolle gespielt haben , hat sich das politische spektrum noch nicht entlang der üblichen rechts-links-achse angeordnet .
in slovakia , where nationalist sentiments were an important political factor after 1989 , the political spectrum has not yet coalesced along standard right-left political axis .
in slovakia , where nationalist regulations have played an important political role after 1989 , the political spectrum has not yet been set up along the usual legal left-wing axis .
in slovakia , where nationalist acts have played an important political role in 1989 , the political spectrum has not yet been set up along the usual legal lines .

die aufklärungs-technologie machte klar , dass der irak keine atomwaffen besaß , was der chef-inspektor der uno , hans blix , dargelegt hatte .
detection technology made it clear that iraq did not have nuclear weapons , as chief un inspector hans blix pointed out .
the information technology has made it clear that iraq has not had nuclear weapons , as the chef-inspector of the un , hans blix , pointed out .
the information technology made it clear that iraq did not have nuclear weapons , which the chef-inspectors of the un , hans blix , set out .

indem sie konstant auf niedrigere zinsen drängen , als die ezb sie liefern kann , bauen die politiker die zentralbank zum sündenbock für die schwache wirtschaftliche entwicklung europas auf .
by constantly pushing for lower interest rates than the ecb can deliver , politicians set the central bank up as a scapegoat for europe &apos;s poor economic performance .
by pressing for lower interest rates , when the ecb can supply them , politicians are building the central bank into the scapegoat for the weak economic development of europe .
by imposing lower interest rates on lower interest rates when the ecb can supply it , politicians are building the central bank on the scapegoat for the weak economic development of europe .

bereits heute lässt sich die energieeffizienz von kraftfahrzeugen durch die &quot; hybridtechnologie &quot; , bei der benzin und batterien gemeinsam zum einsatz kommen , annähernd verdoppeln , womit die co2-emissionen halbiert werden .
already , &quot; hybrid &quot; automobiles , which combine gasoline and battery power , can roughly double fuel efficiency , cutting carbon dioxide emissions by half .
today , the energy efficiency of motor vehicles by the hybrid technology , in which petrol and batteries are used together , can be doubled by double standards of co2 emissions .
today , the energy efficiency of motor vehicles by the &apos; hybrid technology &apos; , in the case of bentsin and batteries , can be combined with the use of co2 emissions .

das ist ein grund , warum vertreter der darstellenden kunst in europa die staatliche finanzierung bevorzugen -- das befreit sie von der notwendigkeit , immer nur beethoven und mozart spielen zu müssen .
this is one reason performing artists in europe like public money -- it liberates them from a diet of only beethoven and mozart .
this is a reason why representatives of the art of europe prefer state funding - it liberates from the need to always play only thoven and mozart .
this is a reason why representatives of the art art in europe prefer state funding - which liberates them from the need to play an ever more rapid and mozambique role .

in frankreich taumelt präsident jacques chirac , die verkörperung eines machthabers , der von seinen lobbys in schach gehalten wird , ohnmächtig dem ende seiner amtszeit 2007 entgegen .
in france , president jacques chirac , the epitome of a leader captured by his lobbies , is staggering impotently toward the end of his term in 2007 .
in france , president jacques chirac , who represents a man of power who is held by his lobbies in scholar , is powerless against the end of his term of office in 2007 .
in france , president chirac , mr chirac , who is the embassies of a thought-out who has been kept by his lobbies in schh , is impressed by the end of his term of office in 2007 .

der niedergang des kommunismus hinterließ ein großes schwarzes loch in der gemeinschaftlichen seele , das nun mit nationalismus , bigotterie und westlichem konsumismus aufgefüllt wird .
communism &apos;s defeat left a huge black hole in communities &apos; souls , which is now being filled with nationalism , bigotry , and western consumerism .
the decline in communism has left a great black hole in the community soul , which is now being put in place with nationalism , ottery and west consume .
a great black hole in the community &apos;s soul , which is now being disregarded with nationalism , oweather and west consuming .

bei einfacheren strukturen mit einer kleinen anzahl von atomen konnte die chemie wertvolle ansätze zur bestimmung der anordnung von atomen liefern und so wurden lösungen oftmals durch ausprobieren gefunden .
with simpler structures made up of small numbers of atoms , chemistry could provide considerable guidance as to the atomic arrangements , and a solution could thus often be found by trial and error .
in the case of simpler structures , with a small number of nuclear structures , chemicals have been able to provide valuable approaches to the provision of nuclear order , and so solutions have often been found through more than ever .
in the case of simpler structures , with a small number of nuclear power , chemicals have been able to provide valuable approaches to the provision of the order of nuclear equipment , and solutions have often been found by proclamations .

indiens mut , sich in dem nun schon ein halbes jahrhundert währenden zwielichtigen streit um kaschmir um frieden zu bemühen , könnte bald von wirtschaftlichen bestrebungen überboten werden , die gleichermaßen gewagt sind .
india &apos;s political boldness in seeking peace with pakistan in their half-century twilight struggle for kashmir may soon be matched by economic moves equally as daring .
india &apos;s courage to try to find a half-century dispute over kashmir in order to achieve peace could soon be overshadowed by economic aspirations that are equally waged .
india &apos;s courage , in which a half a century of tireless dispute is going to try to bring about peace , could soon be overshaped by economic aspirations that are equally waged .

eigentlich sollte die ungewissheit hinsichtlich des globalen klimawandels dazu führen , dass wir mehr vorbeugende maßnahmen ergreifen , als wenn wir wüssten , dass er genau so verlaufen wird , wie in den vorhersagen , die von mittleren werten ausgehen .
in fact , uncertainty about global climate change should lead us to do more to guard against it than if we knew it would proceed exactly according to the central-case projections .
in fact , the uncertainty about global climate change should lead us to take more preventive measures than if we knew that it would be exactly the same as the predictions of the middle values .
in fact , the uncertainty about global climate change should lead us to take more preventive measures than when we know that it will be in exactly the way in which it is predicted , as stated in the predictions that are based on medium-sized values .

der natürliche verlauf der geschichte im optimistischsten sinne ist ein marginaler fortschritt , doch das rasante tempo des technologischen wandels treibt uns dazu , einen ebenso rasanten fortschritt im bereich der menschlichen angelegenheiten zu erwarten .
the natural course of history in the most optimistic sense is progress &quot; at the margin , &quot; but the rapid pace of technological change is pushing us to expect equally rapid progress in human affairs .
the natural course of history in the most optimistic sense is a marginal step forward , but the rapid pace of technological change is forcing us to expect the same rapid progress in the area of human affairs .
the natural course of history in the optimistic sense is a marginal step forward , but the rapid pace of technological change is causing us to expect just as rapid progress in the area of human affairs .

die werte der demokratie mögen einseitig die rechte des einzelnen betonen , aber dies ist es auch , was ihnen universale gültigkeit verschafft und den kampf gegen unterdrückung - ganz gleich , wo er sich abspielt - legitimiert .
democracy &apos;s values may be one-sided on behalf of individual rights , but this has also made them universal , legitimizing the struggle against oppression , wherever it is played out .
the values of democracy may unilaterally emphasise the rights of the individual , but this is also what they are creating universal validity and legitimising the fight against oppression - wherever it goes .
the values of democracy may , unilaterally emphasise the rights of the individual , but it is also what they are creating universal validity and which legitimately legitimising the fight against repression - just as it does .

nun ist es zeit darüber nachzudenken , wie man alle länder , einschließlich der größten treibhausgas-verursacher , an den verhandlungstisch bringen könnte , um über die zeit nach dem auslaufen des vertrages im jahr 2012 zu sprechen .
now is the time to start thinking about how to engage all nations , including large emitters , in conversations about what to do after the treaty &apos;s expiration in 2012 .
it is now time to consider how to bring all countries , including the largest greenhouse gas source , into the negotiating table , to talk about the period after the expiry of the treaty in 2012 .
now it is time to think about how all countries , including the largest greenhouse gases , could bring to the negotiating table in order to talk about the time after the end of the treaty in 2012 .

die gesamtteuerungsrate für die eurozone lag im september bei 2,6 % und damit über dem zielwert der ezb von 2 % . gleiches gilt für die jüngste prognose zur inflationsentwicklung in 2006 .
september headline inflation , at 2.6 % , is above the ecb &apos;s 2 % target ­ -- as is the latest forecast for 2006 inflation ( updated forecasts will be released at the beginning of december ) .
in september the euro area was 2.6 % , with the ecb &apos;s target of 2 % , as well as the latest forecast of inflation in 2006 .
in september , the total eu rate for the euro area was 2.6 % in september , and thus over the target value of the ecb of 2 % , which applies to the recent forecasts for inflation in 2006 .

in verteidigungs- und sicherheitsfragen stellt die sicherheitsdoktrin der eu eine großartige chance dar , um unseren gemeinsamen sorgen zu begegnen : dem terrorismus und der nichtverbreitung von massenvernichtungswaffen , aber ebenso der notwendigkeit , eine nachhaltige entwicklung in allen teilen der welt sicherzustellen .
on defense and security matters , the eu &apos;s security doctrine provides a great opportunity to build on our common worries : terrorism and non-proliferation , but also the need to ensure sustainable development in all quarters of the world .
in defence and security issues , security doctrine in the eu is a great opportunity to meet our common concerns : terrorism and non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , but also the need to ensure sustainable development in all parts of the world .
in defence and security issues , the eu &apos;s security doctrine is a great opportunity to address our common concerns : terrorism and the non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , but also the need to ensure sustainable development in all parts of the world .

entgegen allen erwartungen nahm man eine moralisch vorteilhafte position ein und bot an , auf einen teil des britenrabatts zu verzichten , allerdings nur , wenn der rest der europäischen union ( vor allem frankreich ) grundlegenden reformen in der eu-agrarpolitik zustimmen würde .
against all expectations , it struck a morally advantageous posture by offering to surrender some part of its budget rebate , but only if the rest of the european union ( i.e. france , in particular ) would agree to fundamental reforms of eu farm policy .
contrary to all expectations , a morally beneficial position was adopted and offered to renounce part of the british rebate , but only if the rest of the european union ( especially france ) would agree to fundamental reforms in the eu &apos;s agricultural policy .
contrary to all expectations , we took a morally beneficial position and made it possible to abandon a part of the british rebate , but only if the rest of the european union ( above all france ) were to vote in favour of fundamental reforms in the eu agricultural policy .

vergessen sie amerikas gerede , für ehrlichkeit und gerechtigkeit sorgen zu wollen ! bei handelsgesprächen übergehen die usa die einsprüche der ärmsten länder der welt , endlich die baumwollsubventionen aufzuheben , die eine so vernichtende wirkung auf sie ausgeübt haben .
forget about america &apos;s rhetoric of upholding fairness and justice ; in trade negotiations , the us ignores the pleas of the poorest countries of the world to eliminate the cotton subsidies that have had so devastating an effect on them .
let us not forget that it is america ’ s desire to ensure honesty and justice , but in trade talks the united states is moving towards the nations of the poorest countries in the world , to finally lift cotton subsidies , which have had such a devastating effect on them .
let us forget that they want to ensure honesty and justice , and in trade talks , the united states is moving away from the import of the poorest countries in the world at last to lift cotton subsidies , which have had such a devastating effect on them .

in ähnlicher weise verteidigte mein büro die liberale wochenzeitung novoe vremya ( neue zeiten ) , die von der moskauer stadtregierung unter dem vorwand einer wirtschaftlichen kontroverse um eine mietangelegenheit unter druck gesetzt wurde .
similarly , my office defended the liberal weekly newspaper novoe vremya ( new times ) , which was being pressured by moscow &apos;s city government on the pretext of a commercial dispute about a lease .
in a similar way , my office defended the liberal newspaper novoe vremya ( new times ) , which was put under pressure from the moscow town , on the pretext of economic controversy , on the pretext of an economic controversy .
in a similar way , my office defended my office of the liberal newspaper novoe vrea ( new times ) , which was put under pressure from the moscow town region under the pretext of an economic controversial matter .

gleichzeitig ist auch risiko einer ablehnung des türkischen beitritts zu berücksichtigen , nämlich die wahrscheinlichkeit eines zusammenbruchs des reformprozesses , wodurch radikale strömungen die oberhand gewinnen könnten und es vor europas haustür zu instabilität und politischen unruhen käme .
at the same time , the risks of rejecting turkey must also be taken into account : the likelihood that the reform process would collapse , bringing radical currents to the fore and leading to instability and political unrest at the eu &apos;s doorsteps .
at the same time , it is also necessary to take into account the risk of turkish accession being rejected , namely the likelihood of a collapse of the reform process , which would allow radical movements to gain the upper hand and would create instability and political unrest before europe &apos;s skin .
at the same time , it is also necessary to take account of the risk of rejection of turkish accession , which is the likelihood of a collapse of the reform process , which would enable radical flows to win and make it possible for europe &apos;s skin to instability and political unrest .

die nordeuropäischen länder befürchteten , die haushaltsdefizite des südens würden schließlich einen druck aufbauen , ihre schulden teilweises durch infaltionierung des euros zu monetisieren , oder - um genauer zu sein - ihre führung befürchtete , dass investoren aus eben diesen befürchtungen höher zinsen verlangen würden .
the northern european countries feared that deficit spending by the south might ultimately create pressure for partial monetization of their debt through inflation of the euro--or , more precisely , their leaders feared that investors , fearing the same thing , would demand higher interest rates .
finally , the northern luggage countries feared that the budgetary deficits of the south would put pressure on them to reduce their debt by making the euro infallible , or , to be more precise , their leaders feared that investors would demand higher interest rates from these fears .
after all , the northern european countries were afraid that the budget deficits of the south would , after all , put pressure on them to overcome their debt through the infaldiation of the euro , or - in order to be more precise - their leadership feared that investors would demand higher interest rates from these fears .

in ähnlicher weise ließ sich in der dominikanischen republik die zahl der achtklässler erhöhen , die dort die oberstufe besuchten -- einfach , indem man den jugendlichen erklärte , wie viel mehr jene , die einen schulabschluss erwerben , verdienen : ein betrag , den sie zuvor enorm unterschätzt hatten .
similarly , the rate at which eighth graders from the dominican republic entered upper secondary levels increased when they were simply told how much more those who finished high school earned -- an amount they had vastly underestimated .
in a similar way , the dominican republic has increased the number of eighteen people who visited the top stage - simply by saying to young people how much more people who buy a school conclusion deserve : a sum that they have underestimated enormously earlier .
in the same way , the dominican republic has increased the number of eight people who visited the top stage , simply by saying to young people how much more people who are buying a school , deserve a sum that they had previously underestimated .

dabei haben wir festgestellt , dass die medien es nicht nur versäumen , schlechte konzepte auszusondern , sondern dass sie diesen tatsächlich häufig den vorzug geben -- insbesondere , wenn sich die wahrheit zu unübersichtlich darstellt , als dass man sie in ordentlichen häppchen präsentieren könnte .
we find that the media not only fail to weed out bad ideas , but that they often favor bad ideas , especially when the truth is too messy to be packaged neatly .
we have noted that the media do not just make up the bad concepts , but that they often give up the train - especially when the truth is too unclear - as if they could be presented in ordinary ppps .
we have noted that the media have not only failed to defer bad concepts , but that they are actually often giving them the lead - especially when the truth is too vague , as it could be presented in proper ppings .

das war die maßgebliche lektion aus den siebziger- und frühen achtzigerjahren des vorigen jahrhunderts , als eine zügellose inflation politiker zwang , diese kompetenzen an unabhängige zentralbanken abzugeben , die als einzige märkte davon überzeugen konnten , dass sich die preisstabilität wieder einstellen wird .
this was the great lesson of the 1970 &apos;s and early 1980 &apos;s , when rampant inflation forced politicians to surrender this power to independent central banks , which alone could convince markets that price stability would be restored .
this was the crucial lesson from the seventh and early 1980s of the last century , when an unbridled inflation politician forced to give these competences to independent central central central banks , which , as the only markets , have been able to convince themselves that price stability will restart again .
this was the crucial lesson from the 1970s and early 1980s of the previous century , as an unbridled inflation politician , to impose these powers on independent central central banks , who were able to convince the only markets that price stability will be reopened .

doch in wirklichkeit existieren bisher keine maßnahmen für eine lockerere währungspolitik -- insbesondere , da die noch junge europäische zentralbank unbedingt ihre glaubwürdigkeit in punkto inflationsbekämpfung beweisen möchte -- und die schritte zur umsetzung von strukturreformen sind halbherzig , zögerlich und klein .
but the reality is that steps toward looser monetary policies are non-existent -- especially with the fledgling european central bank anxious to establish its inflation-fighting credibility -- and that steps toward structural reforms are half-hearted , hesitant , and small .
in reality , no measures have yet been put in place for a more relaxed monetary policy - especially since the young european central bank would definitely like to demonstrate its credibility in relation to the fight against inflation - and the steps to implement structural reforms are half-hearted , hesitant , hesitant and small .
in reality , in reality , no measures have been taken for a more relaxed monetary policy - particularly since the young european central bank wants to demonstrate its credibility in the fight against inflation - and the steps to implement structural reforms are half-hearted , hesitant , small and small .

in den usa steht die bush-administration der stimulierenden kraft der geldpolitik skeptisch gegenüber . größere haushaltsdefizite sollen die arbeitslosigkeit senken und man hofft , dass die zukünftig drohenden gefahren anhaltender defizite - geringe investitionen , langsames wachstum , vertrauensverlust , unkontrollierte inflation und wechselkursabwertung - irgendwie umgangen oder zumindest nicht vor dem ende der amtszeit präsident bushs sichtbar werden .
in the us , the bush administration is <<unk>> tical of the stimulative power of monetary policy and wants bigger fiscal deficits to reduce unemployment , hoping that the future dangers posed by persistent deficits -- low investment , slow growth , loss of confidence , uncontrolled inflation and exchange rate depreciation-- can be finessed , or will not become visible until after the bush team leaves office .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , mr president of the commission , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mr president-in-office of the commission .
in the united states , the bush administration is the only force of the us to increase the financial deficits , and we hope that , in the future , the threat of continuing deficits - low investment , unexpected growth , uncontrolled inflation and exchange rates - or , at least , at least , not before the end of the term of office , president bush &apos;s office is expected to reduce unemployment and that , in the future , we hope that the threat of the threat of the continuing risks of long-term deficits will be reduced .

da das herzinfarktrisiko bei älteren menschen hoch ist und viele von ihnen an arthritischen schmerzen leiden , die eine behandlung mit schmerzmitteln erforderlich machen , dauerte es sechs jahre , bis cox-2-hemmer mit einem zwei- bis dreimal erhöhten herzinfarktrisiko in verbindung gebracht wurden .
because the risk of heart attacks is high in older people , many of whom have arthritic pain requiring treatment with painkillers , it took six years to link cox-2 inhibitors to a two- to three-fold increase in the risk of heart attacks .
many of them are suffering from distress , which requires painful treatment , six years before cox cox , two or three times more carcasses have been brought into line with one another , and many of them are suffering from distrust .
there is a great deal of concern for the elderly , and many of them are suffering from armies , which require the painful treatment of six years , six to 2 years , coreper , with a two-fold colintated colony , which has been linked to the heart of the elderly , and many of them are suffering from the suffering that they have been suffering from , with painful means of treatment , which will make it necessary for six years , six to six years , six to umx cox , to two or 2 , to a two-wheeled cows , with a two-wheeled between three to three times , between three and three million colinkine , which have been linked to three times , to trickintrical colini.

