doch seit anfang dezember bleibt großbritannien untätig .
but , as of early december , britain has remained dormant .
but since the beginning of december britain has not been active .
but since the beginning of december , britain has been inactive .

volksabstimmungen sind größtenteils momentaufnahmen .
referenda are for the most part snapshots .
referendums are largely under way .
the votes of referendums are largely at the moment .

was kommt nach dem neoliberalismus ?
after neoliberalism , what ?
what is happening after neo-liberalism ?
what is happening after neo-liberalism ?

diese taktik könnte funktionieren .
that tactic may be working .
this tactics could work .
this tactics could work .

brauchen demokratien werte ?
do democracies need values ?
democracies need values ?
do democracies need values ?

ist indien auf die volle wechselkursfreigabe vorbereitet ?
is india ready for full convertibility ?
is india prepared for full exchange rates ?
is india prepared for the full exchange rate ?

wir kennen den ursprung für den stabilitäts- und wachstums-pakt .
we know the origins of the stability and growth pact .
we know the origin of the stability and growth pact .
we know the origin of the stability and growth pact .

der kampf für die demokratie kann nicht selektiv geführt werden .
the fight for democracy cannot be selective .
the fight for democracy cannot be selective .
the fight for democracy cannot be selective .

in der außenpolitik ist sie sogar oft eine tugend .
indeed , in foreign policymaking , inconsistency is often a virtue .
in foreign policy , it is often a virtue .
in foreign policy , it is often a tude .

der kampf ums überleben gestaltet sich also enorm schwierig .
so the challenges of survival are enormous .
so the battle is extremely difficult to survive .
therefore , the fight against survival is extremely difficult .

es ist auch möglich , dass er nicht glaubte , was er da las .
it is also possible that he did not believe what he read .
it is also possible that he did not think what he was doing .
it is also possible that he did not think what he thinks about las .

ich habe dieses projekt in meinem buch expert political <unk> : how good is it ?
i describe the project in detail in my book expert political judgment : how good is it ?
i have committed this project to my book , in my book , to politics : it is a good thing ?
i have this project in my book of intervention : is it a good thing ?

diese flexibilität ist angesichts der sich am horizont abzeichnenden herausforderungen erforderlich .
this flexibility is needed because of the nature of the challenges that loom on the horizon .
this flexibility is necessary in view of the challenges facing the horizon .
this flexibility is necessary in view of the challenges facing the horizon .

die einwanderung sollte ebenso wenig ein grund zu übertriebener sorge sein .
immigration should not be a cause for undue concern , either .
immigration should be just as much a reason for excessive concern .
immigration should be just as much a reason for excessive concern .

auch zu hause steckt assads regime in einer zwickmühle .
at home , assad &apos;s regime also finds itself in a bind .
there is also a state of assaint regime at home .
it is also in the house that assault regime is in a tide of anger .

aber die usa müssen auch sicherstellen , dass sich bereits existierende institutionen an vorherrschende realitäten anpassen .
but the us must also ensure that existing institutions are adapted to current realities .
however , the united states must also ensure that existing institutions adapt to predominant realities .
however , the united states must also ensure that existing institutions adapt to dominant realities .

vor ein paar jahren wäre rohs kandidatur unter solchen vorzeichen zum scheitern verurteilt gewesen .
a few years ago this would have doomed roh &apos;s candidacy .
a few years ago , raw candidacy would have been condemned to failure .
a few years ago , raw materials would have been condemned under such preparedness to fail .

· institutionen zur marktregulierung ( außenhandelsschutz , wertpapierhandel und informationen über firmen ) ;
market-regulating institutions ( for externalities , economies of scale , and information about companies ) ;
market regulation institutions ( external trade protection , investment and information on companies ) ;
negotiating institutions on market regulation ( external trade protection , securities trade and information on companies ) ;

die wichtigsten dinge im leben sind -- wie das leben selbst -- unbezahlbar .
the most important things in life ­ like life itself ­ are priceless .
the most important things are in life - like life itself - unpaid .
the most important things in life are unpaid , such as life itself .

wie sich die beziehungen unter den beteiligten gestalten , wird asiens künftige entwicklung nachdrücklich beeinflussen .
how relationships among these stakeholders function will powerfully influence asia &apos;s future development .
as relations between those involved , asia will have a strong influence on future development .
like relations between the parties involved , asia will have a strong influence on future development .

vielleicht hilft daher ein kurzer abriss der prinzipien und ideen , an denen sich die us-außenpolitik orientiert .
so it may be helpful to outline the principles and ideas that guide us foreign policy .
perhaps , therefore , a short distance of principles and ideas on which the us foreign policy is based .
perhaps a short reduction in the principles and ideas on which the us foreign policy is based .

ist der uno-sicherheitsrat tatsächlich die institution , welche die ordnung sicherstellen und uns vor anarchie bewahren kann ?
is the un security council the institution most capable of ensuring order and saving us from anarchy ?
is the un security council really the institution that can ensure order and preserve us before anarchy ?
is the un security council actually the institution that can ensure order and preserve us before anarchy ?

in manchen ländern kann eine neue wasserinfrastruktur kanäle , pumpstationen und dämme bedeuten .
in some countries , new water infrastructure may mean canals , pumping stations , and levees .
in some countries , a new water infrastructure , pumps and eggs can mean new water infrastructure .
in some countries , a new water infrastructure can mean a new water infrastructure , pumpumpons and intelligence .

die terroristen waren und sind geschickter dabei , aus verteilten betriebsmodellen kapital zu schlagen .
terrorists have been better at capitalizing on models of distributed operation .
the terrorists were , and are , more skilful in trying to get out of divided operational capital .
the terrorists were and are skilfully able to make commercial capital out of what is divided .

vor dem ersten weltkrieg bestand das deutsche fußballnationalteam ausschließlich aus spielern mit polnischem namen .
indeed , before world war i the german national football team consisted entirely of players with polish names .
before the first world war , the german football team was exclusively from players with polish names .
before the first world war , the german football national team was only from players with polish names .

und ein entscheidender faktor dafür , ob sie gesund oder krank sind , ist der zugang zu sauberem wasser .
and a key determinant of whether they will have good health or not is access to clean water .
and a crucial factor in whether they are healthy or ill is access to clean water .
and a crucial factor in whether they are healthy and ill is access to clean water .

wenn es überhaupt eine rechtfertigung gibt , dann ist es die gefahr , die saddams regime für die welt darstellt .
justification , if it exists , rests on the danger saddam &apos;s regime posed .
if there is any justification at all , it is the danger that the saddams regime represents for the world .
if there is any justification at all , it is the danger that the saddams regime is in the world .

eine freiwillige koalition liberaler demokratien , die bereit sind , ihre eigenen soldaten vorzuschicken , ist ja nicht gut genug .
a voluntary coalition of liberal democracies willing to put their own soldiers in harm &apos;s way isn &apos;t good enough .
a voluntary coalition of liberal democracies who are prepared to send their own soldiers is not good enough .
a voluntary coalition of liberal democracies , which are prepared to send their own soldiers , is not good enough .

eine erweiterte eu sollte dazu beitragen , das ungleiche verhältnis zwischen osteuropas kleinen ländern und deutschland ins lot zu bringen .
an extended eu should represent a means to balance the asymmetrical relationship between eastern europe &apos;s small countries with germany .
an enlarged eu should help bring the unequal relationship between eastern europe and germany into line .
an enlarged eu should help to bring the unequal relationship between eastern european countries and germany into line .

alles andere verspricht so viel stabilität wie die zehn meistverkauften popsongs der letzten woche .
anything else is likely to be about as stable as this week &apos;s top ten pop songs .
anything else promises as much stability as the 10 meteorphans sold last week .
everything else promises as much stability as the ten metaphor sales of potato the last week .

durchdachte kosten-nutzen rechnungen für große projekte sind im verteidigungsministerium und in anderen bereichen seit fünfzig jahren üblich .
elaborate cost-benefit analyses of major projects have been standard practice in the defense department and elsewhere in government for almost a half-century .
well-thought benefits for large projects have been common practice in the ministry of defence and in other areas for fifty years .
in the defence ministry and in other areas for 50 years , bills for large projects have been used for a long time .

durch die wiederholung des geänderten kommentars hoffte man , die meinung der massen zu gunsten des kriegs zu verschieben .
by repeating the altered comments , it was hoped , mass opinion would shift in favor of the war .
by repeating the amended commentars , we hoped to postpone the opinion of the maker to the advantage of the war .
by repeating the amended commentars , we hoped to postpone the opinion of the master of the war .

wirtschaftliche analysen können bei der auswahl von institutionen helfen . doch spielen auch öffentliche erörterungen und vorlieben der allgemeinheit eine große rolle .
while economic analysis can help in making institutional choices , there is also a large role for public deliberation and collective choice .
economic analyses can help with the selection of institutions , but public debate and public opinion play a major role .
economic analyses can help in the selection of institutions , but public discussions and public opinion also play a major role .

auf der ganzen welt zeigt man sich besorgt , dass in wladimir putins russland die politische freiheit schwindet .
around the world , people worry that political freedom is disappearing in vladimir putin &apos;s russia .
throughout the world , we are concerned that , in vladimir putin , the political freedom in russia is diminishing .
on the whole world , we are concerned that russia &apos;s political freedom in wladimir coup .

das prinzip der nichteinmischung in die inneren angelegenheiten eines staates war nie absolut und die globalisierung stellt uns hier vor neue herausforderungen .
the principle of non-intervention in a state &apos;s internal affairs was never absolute , and globalization confronts it with a radical challenge .
the principle of non-interference in the internal affairs of a state has never been absolutely and globalisation presents us with new challenges here .
the principle of non-interference in the internal affairs of a state has never been absolutely absolutely and globalisation presents us with new challenges here .

vor allen dingen aber herrscht unter polen , ungarn , tschechen und anderen das tiefe gefühl , dass sie europäer sind .
but , above all , there is a deep sense among poles , hungarians , czechs , and others , that they are europeans .
above all , however , there is a feeling among poland , hungary , czechs and others that they are europeans .
above all , however , there is among poland , hungary , czechs and others the deep feeling that they are europeans .

wir wissen , dass die vorteile eines grundschulbesuches erst dann voll realisiert werden , wenn die kinder anschließend eine weiter führende schule besuchen .
we know that the full benefit of primary school is realized only when children go on to secondary school .
we know that the benefits of primary education will only be fully realised when children then visit a further leading school .
we know that the benefits of a basic visit will only be fully implemented if children then visit a leading school .

das beste , was sie jetzt tun könnten , wäre , den anschein einer strategie nicht weiter aufrechtzuerhalten und mit den anderen aufgaben fortzufahren .
the best that they could do now would be to dump the pretense of a strategy and carry on with the other business .
the best thing you could do now is not to maintain a strategy and to continue with the other tasks .
the best thing you could do now would be not to maintain a strategy and continue with the other tasks .

zur behebung des problems ist die volle zusammenarbeit der krankenhausärzte erforderlich , doch dazu dürften sie keine angst mehr vor prozessen haben .
fixing the problem requires full cooperation from clinicians , but this requires ending their fear of litigation .
in order to address the problem , full cooperation between hospital doctors is needed , but they should not be afraid of any more processes .
the full cooperation of hospital doctors is needed in order to overcome the problem , but they should no longer be afraid of processes .

das ist allerdings so , als würde man einem patienten antidepressiva verabreichen , bevor er depressiv wird .
it is like putting a patient on prozac before he becomes suicidal .
however , this is the case when a patient would be accused of anti-depression in siva before he becomes depression .
however , this is the case as if we were to get a patient of anti-depression before it becomes depression .

unter präsident roh steht eine beinahe allumfassende neuordnung der innenpolitik südkoreas und seiner beziehungen zu nordkorea und den usa an .
under president roh , south korea &apos;s domestic politics and relations with the us and north korea will require an almost total overhaul .
under president roh , the internal policy of south korea and its relations with north korea and the united states are almost completely new .
under president roh , a almost complete reorganisation of the internal policy of south korea and its relations with north korea and the united states .

dann brachte die währungskrise in südostasien weitere reformschritte zum stillstand und weckte ernste fragen , wann und ob man damit weiter machen solle .
then the east asian currency crisis put further action on hold and raised serious questions about when--and whether--to proceed .
then the monetary crisis in south-east asia brought further reform steps to halt and put serious questions about when and whether we should continue to do so .
then the monetary crisis in south-east asia brought further reform steps to a halt and serious question when and whether we should continue to do so .

die reaktion einiger länder in der region waren wirklich beeindruckend und zeigten , wie weit man es bei der einsetzung effizienter und effektiver regierungen schon gebracht hat .
the response of some countries within the region was truly impressive , showing how far they had come in establishing efficient and effective governments .
the reaction of some countries in the region was truly impressive and showed how far it has already been achieved with the establishment of efficient and effective governments .
the reaction of some countries in the region was really impressive and demonstrated how far we have already made it more efficient and effective by governments .

dass er dieses hindernis überwand , ohne dabei seine einlenkende haltung gegenüber nordkorea aufzugeben , heißt , dass sich die zeiten radikal geändert haben .
that he overcame this obstacle without changing his stance on engaging north korea means that times have radically changed .
it says that he has radically changed this obstacle without losing his steering attitude towards north korea , that the times have changed radically .
it is that he is overturning this obstacle without leaving his driving towards north korea , that is to say that the times have changed radically .

die malaria lässt sich durch neue , langlebige moskitonetze und eine neue generation hochwirksamer medikamente im zaum halten .
malaria can be controlled through newly designed long-lasting mosquito nets and a new generation of effective medicines .
malaria can be content with new , landed moscow and a new generation of highly effective medicines .
malaria can be used by new , advanced bids in moscow and a new generation of highly effective medicines in the zase-fire .

es wäre sogar schwierig , wesentliche aspekte der us-außenpolitik - von handel über nicht-verbreitung von atomwaffen bis umweltpolitik - ohne sie zum erfolg zu führen .
indeed , it would be difficult to carry out critical dimensions of us foreign policy-from trade to non ? proliferation to environmental policy-without them .
it would even be difficult to bring about significant aspects of us foreign policy - trade through non-proliferation of nuclear weapons to environmental policy - without success .
it would even be difficult to have significant aspects of the us foreign policy - trade in non-proliferation of nuclear weapons and environmental policy - without having the success of them .

zumindest sollten wir das tun , wenn unser handeln auf irgendeinem moralischen prinzip beruht und nicht auf dem leonid breschnews : was wir haben , das behalten wir .
at least , that is what we should do , if our actions are based on some moral principle , rather than that of leonid brezhnev : what we have , we hold .
at least we should do that if our action is based on any moral principle and not on the principle of bread : what we have to do is keep that .
at least , we should do this if our action is based on any moral principle and not on the haste : what we have , we have to keep it .

nach abschluss seines chemiestudiums in wien kam 1935 max perutz nach cambridge , um als doktorand bei bernal zu arbeiten .
max perutz , a chemistry graduate from vienna , arrived in cambridge in 1935 to work as a graduate student with bernal .
following the conclusion of its chemical studies in vienna , 1935 max perx came to cambridge in order to work as doctorates and on berries .
after the end of his chemicals study in vienna , 35 mamax pered to cameroon , in order to work as doctorand in berries .

tatsache ist jedoch , dass der vormarsch der demokratie historisch betrachtet die aushöhlung gemeinsamer werte und eine zunehmende autonomie des individuums mit sich gebracht hat .
but the fact is that the advance of democracy historically entailed the erosion of shared values and the rise of individual autonomy .
the fact is , however , that the prevalence of democracy has historically seen the erosion of common values and an increasing autonomy of the individual .
the fact is , however , that the preparedness of democracy is historic in terms of undermining common values and increasing autonomy for the individual .

allerdings schließen z.b. in marokko mehr als 80 % der schulkinder die grundschule ab , aber nicht einmal 20 % haben auch den lehrstoff gemeistert .
yet , in morocco , for example , more than 80 % of school children complete primary school , but fewer than 20 % have mastered the material .
however , in morocco , for example , more than 80 % of schoolchildren are leaving primary school , but not even 20 % have also enacted teachers .
however , in morocco , for example , more than 80 % of school children are close to the primary school , but not even 20 % have also died .

die übereinstimmung der interessen und die einigung auf eine internationale ordnung bietet eine vielversprechende grundlage für die behandlung der gemeinsamen herausforderungen , die uns allen bevorstehen .
this congruence of interest and agreement on the rules of international order offers a promising foundation for managing the common challenges that confront us all .
the consensus of interests and the agreement on international order provides a promising basis for dealing with the common challenges facing us all .
the agreement between the interests and the agreement on an international order provides a promising basis for dealing with the common challenges that we all face .

präsident hugo chávez hält an der macht fest , obwohl seine politik so offensichtlich gescheitert ist , mit der bilanz eines schwerwiegenden wirtschaftlichen niedergangs und einer gefährlichen politischen polarisierung .
president hugo chávez clings to power despite the obvious failings of his government : severe economic deterioration and dangerous political polarization .
president hugo chávez maintains power , although his policy has obviously failed , with the balance of a serious economic decline and a dangerous political polarisation .
president hugo chávez is in power , even though his policy has obviously failed , with the balance of a serious economic decline and a dangerous political liberalisation .

besonders schwierig ist es , eine nebenwirkung auf ein medikament zurückzuführen , wenn das medizinische ereignis in der altersgruppe des anwenders oder bei dem behandelten leiden häufig auftritt .
it is especially difficult to attribute an adverse reaction to a drug if the medical event is common in the user &apos;s age group or in the condition being treated .
it is particularly difficult to have a side effect on a medicine if the medical event often occurs in the age group of users or in the affected suffering .
it is particularly difficult to result in a personal impact on a medicine when the medical event is often suffering in the age group of users or in the cases dealt with .

in den euphorischen tagen nach dem sieg im zweiten weltkrieg legte man die hoffnung auf eine kollektive sicherheitspolitik in die hände des uno-sicherheitsrates - mit erbärmlichen ergebnissen .
in the euphoric aftermath of the victory in world war two , the hope that security could be made collective was reposed in the un security council-with abject results .
in the euphoric days after the victory in the second world war , the hope of a collective security policy was expressed in the hands of the un security council - with pathetic results .
in the euphoric days after the victory in the second world war , we presented the hope of a collective security policy in the hands of the un security council - with bad results .

die russen scheinen sich um politische freiheit weniger zu kümmern als um öffentliche sozialleistungen oder renten , gewalt im inland , die rechte der kinder oder die brutalität der polizei .
russians seem to care less about political freedom than they do about social welfare - pensions , domestic violence , children &apos;s rights , or police brutality .
the russians seem less concerned about political freedom than about public social security benefits or pensions , violence , the rights of children or the brutality of the police .
the russians seem to be less concerned with political freedom than about public social benefits or pensions , violence in the area of the rights of children or the brutality of the police .

länder nordeuropas , insbesondere deutschland und die niederlande , brüsteten sich mit ihrem traditionell geringen verhältnis zwischen staatsverschuldung und bip und den verhältnismäßig niedrigen zinssätzen .
northern european countries--particularly germany and the netherlands--prided themselves on traditionally maintaining moderate debt-to-gdp ratios and relatively low interest rates .
north countries in north pas , particularly germany and the netherlands , have , with their traditionally low relationship between public debt and gdp and the relatively low interest rates .
countries in north pas , particularly germany and the netherlands , have been steered with their traditionally low relationship between state debt and gdp and the relatively low interest rates .

doch amerikas auto-hersteller lieben ihre benzinschlucker , und bushs kumpel in der erdölindustrie wollen nicht , dass man sie daran hindert , die atmosphäre des planeten zu zerstören .
but america &apos;s automakers love their gas-guzzlers , and bush &apos;s oil industry pals want no interference with their destruction of the planet &apos;s atmosphere .
however , american auto-manufacturers would like to see their petrol , bus and cocumbery in the oil industry not to prevent them from destroying the atmosphere of the planet .
however , america &apos;s producers were their benches , and buses in the oil industry do not want them to be prevented from destroying the atmosphere of the planet .

in ähnlicher weise haben ingenieure methoden zur abscheidung des bei der verbrennung von kohle in kraftwerken anfallenden kohlendioxids und seiner sicheren unterirdischen lagerung entwickelt .
similarly , engineers have developed ways to capture the carbon dioxide that results from burning coal in power plants and store it safely underground .
similarly , engineers have developed methods of divorce in the incineration of coal in power plants and its safe underground storage .
in a similar way , engineers have developed inexpensive methods to reduce the waste of coal in power plants and its safe underground storage .

bei seinem versuch , den affront gegen serbien abzumildern , muss der sicherheitsrat es vermeiden , die unabhängigkeit auf so komplizierte weise zu gewähren , dass der neue staat nicht effektiv funktionieren kann .
in the interest of reducing the blow to serbia , the security council must avoid granting independence in ways that are so contorted that the new state cannot effectively function .
in trying to mitigate the affront to serbia , the security council must avoid giving independence so complicated that the new state cannot function effectively .
in his attempt to alleviate the coffee against serbia , the security council must prevent the security council from providing independence in such a complicated way that the new state cannot function effectively .

die aufhebung der binnengrenzen der eu vergrößerte das marktgebiet für jedes land und führte zu den skaleneffekten , wie sie im cecchini-bericht vorhergesagt waren .
the dismantling of the eu &apos;s internal borders boosted each country &apos;s market size and brought about the predicted economies of scale .
the lifting of the eu &apos;s internal borders has increased the market area for each country and has resulted in the impact of the skin report , as foreseen in the ceci report .
the removal of the internal borders of the eu has increased the market area for each country and led to the skaleness , as stated in the ceci report .

viele regierungen waren einem abzug gegenüber zunächst skeptisch , begriffen aber , dass es -- wie eine redewendung aus washington besagt -- &quot; das einzige spiel in der stadt ist . &quot;
many governments were initially <<unk>> tical about disengagement , but realized that -- as the washington saying goes -- &quot; this is the only game in town . &quot;
many governments were first sceptical about a withdrawal , but it is true that , as a speech from washington says , &apos; the only game in the city &apos; .
many governments were sceptical about first of all , but it is clear that , like a speech from washington , it is &apos; the only game in the city &apos; .

jedes mal , wenn hans blix über die uno-inspektionen im irak , die er geleitet hat , berichtete , paraphrasierten mitglieder der bush-regierung , das was blix sagt hatte .
every time hans blix commented on the un inspections of iraq that he was conducting , members of the bush administration would paraphrase what blix said .
every time hans blix reported on the un inspections in iraq he led , paraphrated members of the bush administration , who said what blix had said .
every time hans were told about the un inspections in iraq , which led him , paraphrase members of the bush government , who said what had been said .

der wachsende widerstand gegen die syrische hegemonie im libanon ist nur eines von vier miteinander verknüpften problemen , mit denen syrien zu kämpfen und auf die es sämtlich unzureichend reagiert hat .
growing opposition to syrian hegemony in lebanon is but one of four related problems syria faces , all of which it has addressed inadequately .
the growing resistance to syrian hegemony in lebanon is only one of four interlinked problems with which syria has to fight and which has responded to all the shortcomings .
the growing opposition against the syrian hegemony in lebanon is only one of four interlinked problems with which syria is fighting and which has always responded to it .

unsere ansichten werden sich ändern , sobald wir mehr wissen , doch im moment hängt die höhe der steuer von einer moralphilosophischen frage ab : wie viel glauben wir unseren entfernten nachfahren zu schulden ?
our views will change as we learn more , but at the moment the size of the tax hinges on a question of moral philosophy : how much do we believe we owe our distant descendents ?
as soon as we know more , our views will change , but at the moment the level of tax depends on a moral philosophical question : how much do we think we are going to pay back on our distance ?
we will change our views once we know more , but at the moment the level of tax depends on a moral question : how much do we believe that we are going to go to our divorce ?

die serbische politik wird in absehbarer zukunft chaotisch und instabil bleiben , und die serbischen politiker werden versuchen , dies als einen vorwand zu präsentieren , um den verlust des kosovo zu vermeiden .
serbian politics will be chaotic and unstable for the foreseeable future , and serbian politicians will attempt to present this as an excuse to avoid facing the loss of kosovo .
the serbian policy will remain chaotic and unstable in the foreseeable future , and the serbian politicians will try to present this as a pretext to prevent the loss of kosovo .
the serbian policy will remain chaotic and instable in the foreseeable future , and the serbian politicians will try to present this as a pretext to avoid the loss of kosovo .

der beste schutz gegen derartige komplikationen ist sicherlich die stärkung des demokratischen systems in der türkei . das ist am besten zu erreichen , indem man das land stabil in einem block ähnlicher demokratischer länder verankert .
surely , the best protection against such a calamity is to strengthen turkey &apos;s democratic system , which can best be achieved by anchoring it firmly in a bloc of similarly democratic countries .
the best protection against such complications is certainly the strengthening of the democratic system in turkey , which is best achieved by putting the country into a block of similar democratic countries .
the best protection against such complications is certainly the strengthening of the democratic system in turkey , and that is best to be achieved by establishing the country stable in a block of similar democratic countries .

die bush-administration verwendet nach wie vor den begriff des &quot; krieges gegen den terror &quot; und verhält sich , als würde es sich wirklich um einen krieg handeln -- einen der üblichen sorte , bei der eine regierung die andere bekämpft .
the bush administration still uses the phrase &quot; war on terror &quot; and behaves as though it really is a war , the ordinary kind where one government fights another .
the bush administration continues to use the term &apos; war against terror &apos; and to act as if it were really a war - one of the usual varieties in which a government combines the other .
the bush administration continues to use the term &apos; war against terror &apos; , and it would really be a war of war - one of the usual varieties in which a government combines the other .

doch die länder lateinamerikas haben noch keinen versuch unternommen , eine technologische revolution in gang zu setzen , zumindest nicht mit der bestimmtheit , fertigkeit , dem engagement und den finanziellen mitteln , wie asiatische länder dies getan haben .
still , latin american countries have not yet tried to foster a technological revolution , certainly not with the focus , skill , commitment , and financing that asian countries have shown .
however , the countries of latin america have not yet made any attempt to set up a technological revolution , at least not with the gravity , commitment , commitment and financial resources , such as asian countries , which have done so .
however , the countries of latin america have not yet tried to launch a technological revolution , at least not with the determination , commitment , commitment and financial resources , such as asian countries .

da chávez ein geübter wahlkämpfer ist , und es der opposition bisher an einheit mangelt , hat er eine realistische chance , die wahlen zu gewinnen - das heißt , ein neuer wahlkampf wäre akzeptabel für ihn .
since chávez is a skilled campaigner and the opposition so far lacks unity , he will have a realistic chance of winning--which should make a new contest acceptable to him .
since chávez is a common election fighter , and so far the opposition is lacking in unity , it has a realistic opportunity to win the elections - that is , a new election campaign would be acceptable to him .
since chávez is a divided electoral campaign , and the opposition has so far failed to unity , it has a realistic chance to win the elections - that is , a new election campaign would be acceptable to him .

obwohl jedes neue geschäft den bereits bestehenden wal-mart-geschäften in der nähe kundschaft wegnimmt , trägt die ständig verbesserte versorgungseffizienz dazu bei , das gesamtwachstum der kette aufrechtzuerhalten .
even though each new store takes away business from wal-mart stores established nearby , ever-improving supply efficiencies help maintain the chain &apos;s overall growth .
despite the fact that every new business is taking place in the existing wal-mart transactions close to the secondary trade union , the constant improvement in supply rates contributes to maintaining the overall growth of the chain .
even though every new business is already in place of the walking trade in the close to the proximity , the constant increase in the supply of semi-semi-spatial preference will help to maintain the overall growth of the chain .

tatsächlich kann man sich die frage stellen , ob die welt sharon zu einer lichtgestalt gemacht hat , weil sie so sehr daran glauben wollte , dass im nahen osten für die nahe zukunft noch immer anlass zur hoffnung besteht .
in fact , one may wonder if the world has made of sharon a providential man because it wanted so much to believe that there was still &quot; hope around the corner &quot; in the middle east .
indeed , the question is whether the world has made sharon a light because it was so keen to believe that there is still hope in the middle east for the near future .
in fact , we can ask ourselves whether the world has made sharon a glaring form , because it wanted so much to believe that there is still cause for hope in the middle east for the near future .

zwei parteien des rechten flügels haben seine regierungskoalition verlassen , er hat seine mehrheit in der eigenen likud-partei verloren und sein finanzminister benjamin netanjahu ist aus seiner regierung zurückgetreten .
two right-wing parties have left his ruling coalition , he has lost his majority within his own likud party , and his finance minister , binyamin netanyahu , has quit his government .
his coalition of government has left his two parties to the right , he has lost his majority in his own likud party and his finance minister , benjamin netanyahu , has returned from his government .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , he has left his government coalition , he has lost his majority in his own likud party , and his minister for finance minister benzanu has returned from his government .

daher sollten sich die europäischen institutionen von ihrer bevormundenden haltung verabschieden und die bedenken der zentralbankchefs in den beitrittsländern hinsichtlich der risiken einer längeren beibehaltung ihrer eigenen währungen ernst nehmen , während derer sich ihre volkswirtschaften den kapitalflüssen völlig zu öffnen haben .
so european institutions should abandon their paternalistic approach and take seriously the concerns of accession countries &apos; central bankers about the risks of maintaining their own currencies for a long period during which their economies have to open up completely to capital flows .
that is why the european institutions should adopt a position based on their munitions and take seriously the concerns of the central bank leaders in the candidate countries regarding the risks of maintaining their own currencies , while their economies have completely opened up to capital flights .
therefore , the european institutions should be adopted by their nearer attitude and take seriously the concerns of the central bank leaders in the candidate countries with regard to the risks of maintaining their own currencies , while their economies have completely opened up the capital flights .

sie erklären auch , warum zwischen den entwickelten ländern nordamerikas , westeuropa und japans bedeutende institutionelle unterschiede hinsichtlich der rolle der öffentlichen hand , des gesetzessystems , der unternehmensführung , der finanz- und arbeitsmärkte und des sozialversicherungswesens fortbestehen .
it also accounts for why important institutional differences persist among the advanced countries of north america , western europe , and japan in areas such as the role of the public sector , the legal system , corporate governance , financial markets , labor markets , and social insurance .
you also explain why there are significant institutional differences between the developed countries of north america , western europe and japan in terms of the role of public authorities , the regulatory system , the management of businesses , financial and labour markets and social insurance systems .
you also explain why there are significant institutional differences between the developed countries of north america , western europe and japan with regard to the role of the public authorities , the legal system , company management , financial and labour markets and social security systems .

eine vor kurzem durchgeführte harris-umfrage in den usa kam zu dem schluss , dass 60 % der erwachsenen entweder überhaupt nicht zuversichtlich oder nicht besonders zuversichtlich sind , dass pharmaunternehmen daten zu den nebenwirkungen ihrer produkte öffentlich und rechtzeitig bekannt geben .
a recent harris survey in the us concluded that 60 % of adults are either not confident at all or not very confident that drug makers will publicly and in a timely manner disclose data on their products &apos; adverse effects .
a recent harris-rises issue in the united states concluded that 60 % of adults either were not at all confident or are not particularly confident that pharmaceutical companies would provide public and timely information about the side effects of their products .
a recent harrisking issue in the united states concluded that 60 % of adults are either unconfident or not particularly confident that pharmaceutical companies are publicly aware of the effects of their products .

selbst in ländern , die ein schnelles wirtschaftswachstum erleben , hat eine reihe von faktoren zusammengewirkt , die durch ungeheure demografische veränderungen verschärft wurden , um die ungleichheit von wissen , sozialer verantwortung und lebensaussichten von einer generation an die nächste weiterzugeben .
even within countries experiencing rapid economic growth , an array of factors , exacerbated by tremendous demographic changes , has conspired to transmit inequality of knowledge , social responsibility , and life chances from one generation to the next .
a number of factors that have been brought together by enormous demographic changes , even in countries that are experiencing rapid economic growth , have increased the inequality of knowledge , social responsibility and the prospects of a generation to the next generation .
even in countries that are experiencing rapid economic growth , a number of factors that have been brought together by enormous demographic changes , in order to continue the inequality of knowledge , social responsibility and life prospects of a generation to the next generation .

zwei drastische konsequenzen sind voraussehbar : erstens gibt es keine bessere methode , teile der öffentlichen meinung in den kandidatenländern gegen die eu zu stimmen , als zuzulassen , dass lokale populisten die union als ein werkzeug deutscher machtbestrebungen darstellen .
two savage consequences are foreseeable : first , that there is no better way to turn parts of public opinion in the candidate countries against the eu than by allowing local populists to portray the union as an agent of spreading german power .
there are two drastic consequences : firstly , there is no better way of voting against the eu ’ s public opinion in the candidate countries than allowing local populists to represent the union as a tool of german power .
firstly , there is no better method of voting in favour of public opinion in the candidate countries against the eu than allowing local populists to represent the union as a tool of german power .

nachdem man zunächst einmal die wissenschaftlichen beweise für das problem der globalen erwärmung infrage gestellt hat , weigert sich der größte umweltverschmutzer der welt , die usa , nun etwas gegen dieses problem zu unternehmen ( außer freiwillige selbstbeschränkung zu predigen -- von der man aber auch nichts bemerkt , zumindest nicht in amerika ) .
after first disputing that there was scientific evidence of the problem , the largest polluter in the world , the us , is now simply refusing to do anything about it ( other than preaching voluntary restraint — of which there is little evidence , at least in america ) .
first of all , having called into question the scientific evidence of the problem of global warming , the largest polluters of the world , the united states , are refusing to take action against this problem ( except voluntary restrictions on precursor - which you do not see , at least in america ) .
once we first raised the scientific evidence for the problem of global warming , the largest environmental pollution of the world , the united states , now opposed to this problem to businesses ( apart from voluntary restriction - which we do not see anything , at least in america ) .

da amerikanische orchester weder auf schulen noch auf den staat zählen können , wenn es darum geht , jungen menschen eine grundlegende musikalische bildung zu vermitteln , um sie später als publikum in den konzertsälen zu begrüßen , übernehmen manche orchester diese aufgabe unter einsatz privater gelder selbst .
because american orchestras can &apos;t count on schools or government to provide the basic music education necessary to ensure a continuing audience for classical music , some orchestras are doing it themselves with private money .
as american orchestra cannot count on schools or on the state when it comes to providing young people with a basic music education , to welcome them later as a public in conciliation , some orchestra will take on this task under private money itself .
when it comes to providing young people with basic music , to welcome them later than to be published in the conciliation committee , some orchestors can count on schools or on the state when it comes to providing young people with a basic music .

diese länder blickten mit größter sorge auf die südeuropäischen länder , auf italien und griechenland . diese hatten üblicherweise ein großes verhältnis zwischen schulden und bip und einen relativ hohen nominalzins , und zwar - wie man meinte - wegen ihrer nachgiebigkeit gegenüber der inflation .
these countries saw that southern european countries--italy and greece were the biggest worries--traditionally had high debt-to-gdp ratios and relatively high nominal interest rates because of their perceived tolerance of inflation .
these countries were extremely concerned about the southern european countries , italy and greece , which , usually , had a huge relationship between debt and gdp and a relatively high level of nominal nominations , and , as you said , because of their perseverance towards inflation .
these countries were extremely concerned about the countries of southern europe , italy and greece , and they have usually had a great deal of relationship between debt and gdp and a relatively high nominal nominate - as you said - for their neighbour to inflation .

tatsächlich war amerikas nationale akademie der wissenschaften , als sie von bush darum gebeten worden war , die angelegenheit zu untersuchen , zu dem weit und breit vernommenen schluss gelangt ( zum einzigen , zu dem sie ehrlicherweise gelangen konnte ) , dass treibhausgase eine bedrohung darstellen .
indeed , when asked by bush to look into the matter , america &apos;s national academy of sciences came to a resounding verdict ( the only one they could honestly reach ) that greenhouse gases are a menace .
in fact , america was a national academia of sciences when it was asked by bush to investigate the matter , to reach a broad and comprehensive conclusion ( the only one to which it was honest to reach ) was that greenhouse gases are a threat .
indeed , in fact , america was a national college of sciences when it asked bush to investigate the matter , which was a long and widespread conclusion ( the only one to which she was honest was able to reach ) was that greenhouse gases are a threat to greenhouse gases .

trotzdem ist es zeit , anzuerkennen , dass unsere regierungen unzureichend darauf eingestellt sind , die schwierigen technologischen herausforderungen und chancen , vor denen die welt heute steht , zu begreifen -- und dass es neuer methoden bedarf , um eine breite vielzahl zunehmend drängender weltweiter probleme zu lösen .
nevertheless , it &apos;s time to recognize that governments are ill-equipped to understand the sophisticated technological challenges and opportunities facing the world , and that new ways are needed to ensure that science and technology are given the prominence needed to address a wide range of increasingly urgent global problems .
nevertheless , it is time to recognise that our governments are not sufficiently prepared to understand the difficult technological challenges and opportunities facing the world today - and that there is a need for new methods to solve a large number of increasingly pressing world problems .
nevertheless , it is time to recognise that our governments are insufficient to understand the difficult technological challenges and opportunities facing the world today - and that new methods are needed to solve a wide range of increasingly urgent world problems .

außerhalb europas gilt dies selbst für den kürzlich noch gefeierten brasilianischen präsidenten luis inacio , , lula &quot; da silva , vom mexikanischen präsidenten vicente fox und dem südkoreanischen präsidenten roh moo-hyun ganz zu schweigen . letzterer hat ein referendum über seine präsidentschaft vorgeschlagen , um ein weiteres absinken seiner popularitätswerte zu verhindern .
beyond europe this is true even for the recently acclaimed brazilian president luis inacio &quot; lula &quot; da silva , to say nothing of mexican president vicente fox and south korean president roh moo-hyun , the latter having called for a referendum to help arrest his sinking popularity .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , even the recent president of brazil , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president of the commission , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president of the commission , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president of the commission .
even outside europe , this applies to the president of brazil , luis luo , da silva , mr silva , the president , mr vifox and the south president of korean president , mr roanoh , who has recently proposed a referendum on his presidency to prevent a further popularity of its popularity .

in kamerun hat horizon jeunes , ein an städtische jugendliche gerichtetes programm zur fortpflanzungsmedizin , erfolgreich das wissen junger menschen im bereich der sexuellen gesundheit verbessert und ihr verhalten geändert : der anteil junger frauen , die kondome nutzten , erhöhte sich in der teilnehmergruppe von 58 % auf 76 % .
in cameroon , horizon jeunes , a reproductive health program that targets urban youth , increased young people &apos;s knowledge of reproductive health and successfully changed their behavior , with condom use among females increasing from 58 % to 76 % in the treatment group .
in cameroon , an urban youth programme for reproductive medicine , which successfully improves young people in the field of sexual health and has changed their behaviour : the proportion of young women who have been used , 58 % increased from 58 % to 76 % of the participating group .
there has been an injewish programme for young young people to continue with vegetable health , improved knowledge of young people in the field of sexual health and changed their behaviour by young women who have been in cameroon in cameroon , in which there are 58 % of participating in the urban programme , which has increased by 58 % .

