es wird vielleicht nicht die gesamte uno verschwinden .
perhaps the entire un will not disappear .
perhaps the un as a whole will not disappear .
perhaps it will not disappear throughout the un .

so oder so ähnlich dachten die demonstranten .
or so the protestors believed .
in this way , or so similar , the demonstrators thought .
so or so similar , the demonstrators thought .

diese verpflichtungen erreichen monumentale ausmaße .
the scale of these obligations is monumental .
these commitments reach monumental proportions .
these commitments reach a solid scale .

beide interpretationen haben mängel .
both interpretations are flawed .
both interpretations have shortcomings .
both interpretations have shortcomings .

das regieren in asien ändern
recasting governance in asia
the governance of asia is changing .
changing the governance in asia

erweiterung heißt solidarität
expansion is solidarity
enlargement means solidarity .
enlargement means solidarity .

obwohl manchmal durchaus zutreffend , stoßen solche argumente bald an ihre grenzen .
but such arguments , although valid at times , have their limits .
although it is sometimes true that such arguments will soon come to their borders .
although sometimes it is true that such arguments will soon come to their borders .

währungspolitik hat natürlich auch umverteilungseffekte .
of course , monetary policy also has redistributive effects .
monetary policy also , of course , has partial effects .
monetary policy , of course , also has a share effect .

eine führung muss jedoch die chance erhalten , zu regieren .
but leaders must be given the chance to govern .
however , leadership must be given the opportunity to govern .
however , a leadership must be given the opportunity to governance .

der erste betrifft die komplexität und verletzlichkeit unserer welt .
the first concerns the complexity and vulnerability of our world .
the first concerns the complexity and vulnerability of our world .
the first concerns the complexity and vulnerability of our world .

deshalb müssen projekte bis spätestens 2007 betriebsbereit sein .
therefore , projects need to be operational at the latest by 2007 .
projects must therefore be operational by 2007 at the latest .
that is why projects must be ready by 2007 at the latest .

die verhandlungen mit der türkei wären langwierig und ein beitritt nicht vor 2015 denkbar .
negotiations with turkey would be lengthy and accession may not occur before 2015 .
the negotiations with turkey would be long and would not be possible before 2015 .
the negotiations with turkey would not be long before 2015 .

leider betrachten die meisten bürokraten die werte der menschenrechte noch immer mit geringschätzung .
sadly , most bureaucrats still look upon human rights values with disdain .
unfortunately , most bureaucrats still consider the values of human rights to be low .
unfortunately , most bureaucrats still look at the values of human rights with low estimates .

ja , bis zu einem gewissen grad ist das der preis für den fortschritt .
yes , to some extent , such is the price of progress .
yes , to a certain degree , the price of progress is the price of progress .
yes , up to a certain degree , the price of progress is the price of progress .

das reicht , um die preise für vermögenswerte weltweit zu erschüttern .
that is enough to shake asset prices worldwide .
that is enough to distract prices for assets worldwide .
this is enough to reduce prices for assets in the world .

jetzt ist das kyoto-protokoll für seine 126 mitgliedsländer in kraft getreten .
the kyoto protocol treaty has now entered into force for the 126 nations who have joined it so far .
the kyoto protocol has now entered into force for its 126 member states .
the kyoto protocol has now entered into force for its 126 member states .

ein haushaltsdefizit vergrößert die staatsschulden und damit auch die zukünftigen generationen auferlegte zahlungslast .
by running a deficit , a country increases its national debt and imposes burdens on future generations .
a budgetary deficit increases public debt and , therefore , the burden of payments imposed on future generations .
a budgetary deficit increases public debt and thus the burden of payments imposed on future generations .

im libanon haben die syrer die absichten der bush-administration wiederholt falsch eingeschätzt .
in lebanon , the syrians have repeatedly misread the bush administration &apos;s intentions .
in lebanon , the syrians have repeatedly misestimated the intentions of the bush administration .
in lebanon , the syrians have repeatedly misestimated the intentions of the bush administration .

derartige wachstumsunterschiede deuten darauf hin , dass die globale ungleichheit insgesamt vielleicht nicht eindeutig zugenommen hat .
such growth differences suggest that overall global inequality may not have increased unequivocally .
such growth differences show that global inequality may not have increased clearly in general .
such growth differences show that global inequality has perhaps not increased clearly in general .

die beste möglichkeit , junge menschen für die darstellende kunst zu gewinnen , ist bildung .
the best way to bring youth to the performing arts is through education .
the best way to win young people for the art that is coming to an end is to education .
the best way to win young people for the physical art is education .

wenn das geschieht , würden die serben aus dem nordkosovo wahrscheinlich ihre eigene unabhängigkeit erklären .
if that happens , it is likely that the serbs of north kosovo would declare their own independence .
if that happens , the serbs from north kosovo would probably explain their own independence .
if that happens , the serbs from northern kosovo would probably explain their own independence .

durch besteuerung bekommt der einzelne die zerstörung , die er verursacht , in der eigenen brieftasche zu spüren .
taxation makes individuals feel in their wallets the destruction they are causing .
through taxation , the individual receives the destruction he causes in his own correspondence .
taxation gives the individual destruction that it causes to feel in its own letters .

tatsächlich versucht serbiens regierung bereits , den westen davon zu überzeugen , die entscheidung bis mitte 2007 zu verschieben .
in fact , serbia &apos;s government is already trying to persuade the west to postpone a decision until mid-2007 .
indeed , serbia &apos;s government is already trying to persuade the west to postpone the decision until mid-2007 .
indeed , serbia &apos;s government is already trying to convince the west to postpone the decision until mid-2007 .

in jedem land legte ich eine liste politischer gefangener vor und erkundigte mich nach deren schicksal .
in each country , i presented lists of political prisoners and asked about their fates .
in each country , i presented a list of political prisoners before and untold me after their fate .
in each country , i presented a list of political prisoners and asked me to go to their fate .

in beiden fällen braucht man viel blinden glauben , um von dem einem zum anderen überzuwechseln .
in both cases , it takes a lot of blind faith to go from one to the other .
in both cases , much blind faith is needed to change from one to another .
in both cases , we need much blind faith to change from one to another .

diese beschuldigung unterstellt , dass die kirche mit einer pluralistischen demokratie nicht wirklich vereinbar sei .
the accusation is meant to suggest that the church cannot live comfortably with a pluralist democracy .
this accusation implies that the church , with a pluralist democracy , is not really compatible .
this accused is that the church is not really compatible with a pluralist democracy .

die rettung der muslime im kosovo war keine aktion der uno . ihre sache bekam nie die zustimmung des sicherheitsrates .
the rescue of kosovo &apos;s muslims was not a un action : their cause never gained security council approval .
the saving of muslims in kosovo was not a un action ; their cause was never the approval of the security council .
the saving of muslims in kosovo was not an action by the un , and their cause has never been supported by the security council .

die deutsche feinmechanik und optik zum beispiel verloren ihren wettbewerbsvorsprung , als japan auf den plan trat .
german precision instruments and optical equipment , for example , lost their competitive edge when japan entered the game .
germany has lost its competitive advantage , for example , when japan came to the plan .
for example , the german enemies and efficiency have lost their competitive leap , when japan came to the plan .

damit eine internationale intervention irgendeine glaubwürdige chance auf erfolg haben kann , bedarf es klarer kriterien für ihren &quot; erfolg &quot; .
if an international intervention is to have any credible chance of success , clear criteria for what constitutes &quot; success &quot; are needed from the start .
in order for international intervention to have any credible chance of success , there must be clear criteria for its &apos; success &apos; .
to ensure that international intervention can have any credible chance of success , there is a need for clear criteria for its success .

erst dann werden wir erkennen , ob deutschland die toynbeesche herausforderung bewältigt , dies sich dem land stellt .
only then will we know whether germany can meet the toynbeean challenge it is facing .
only then will we see whether germany is dealing with the death penalty , which is a challenge for the country .
only then will we see whether germany is dealing with the total challenge facing the country .

die hauptkostenlast bei verwundung und tod haben natürlich die soldaten und ihre familien zu tragen .
of course , the brunt of the costs of injury and death is borne by soldiers and their families .
of course , the main burden of cost in the event of wound and death has to be borne by soldiers and their families .
of course , the main burden of costs in the event of regeneration and death have to bear the soldiers and their families .

infolgedessen könnte die berühmtheit der kommentatoren mit ihrer langfristigen treffgenauigkeit statt auf positive auf negative weise korrelieren .
as a result , fame could be negatively , not positively , correlated with long-run accuracy .
as a result , the famous nature of the commentators , with their long-term accuracy , could be more positive than positive in a negative way .
as a result , the famous nature of the commentators , with their long-term accuracy , could be made in a positive way rather than in a positive way .

nur wenige außerhalb der klasse armer , arbeitsloser arbeiter und besitzloser kleinbauern scheinen lust auf politischen protest zu haben .
few outside of the lumpen classes of unemployed workers and dispossessed peasants seem to have any gusto for political protest .
only a few outside the class of poor , unemployed workers and unpaid small farmers appear to have a feeling of political protest .
only a few outside the class , unemployed workers and tireless small farmers appear to have political protest .

der abm-vertrag von 1972 verbietet jedoch für alle zeiten systeme , die die beiden länder gegen einen solchen atomangriff schützen .
but the 1972 abm treaty prohibits , for the indefinite future , systems to protect either country against such nuclear attack .
however , the 1972 treaty prohibits all the systems that protect the two countries against such a nuclear attack .
however , the 1972 treaty prohibits all systems which protect the two countries against such a nuclear attack .

die öffentlichkeit verlangt nach schnellen lösungen für komplexe probleme , die -- sofern ungelöst -- die zukunft unseres planeten bedrohen .
the public demands quick answers to complex problems that , unsolved , risk endangering the planet .
the public calls for rapid solutions to complex problems that threaten the future of our planet , unless it is resolved .
the public calls for rapid solutions to complex problems , which , if unsolved , threaten the future of our planet .

der staat muss jungen leuten umfassendere möglichkeiten bieten , indem er den zugang zu und die qualität von gesundheits- und ausbildungsdienstleistungen verbessert .
governments must broaden opportunities for young people by improving access to , and the quality of , health and educational services .
the state must offer more opportunities for young people by improving access to and the quality of health and training services .
the state must offer young people greater opportunities by improving access to and quality of health and training services .

jedem einzelnen faktor gebührt vermehrte aufmerksamkeit , wenn wir die momentanen bedingungen auf den immobilienmärkten verstehen und künftige preistrends erkennen wollen .
each factor deserves greater attention if we are to understand current housing market conditions and discern future price trends .
every single factor deserves more attention if we want to understand the current conditions in the property markets and see future price trends .
each individual factor deserves greater attention if we want to understand the current conditions of property markets and see future price trends .

die internationale gemeinschaft bemächtigte sich rasch dieses konzeptes ( und wandelte es ab ) , so dass es bald zu unzähligen humanitären
the international system rather quickly adopted ( and transformed ) this notion , and numerous humanitarian
the international community took a rapid approach to this concept ( and changed it ) so that it could soon become countless humanitarian ones .
the international community acted quickly on this concept ( and changed ) , so that it will soon be numerous humanitarian humanitarian humanitarian ones .

bei längerfristigen prognosen , über ein jahr hinaus , stehen die psychologischen faktoren im vordergrund , während die dynamik hier eine geringere rolle spielt .
the psychological factors are more important for longer-term forecasts , beyond a year , where momentum no longer plays an important role .
in view of longer-term forecasts , over a year , the psychological factors are at the forefront , while the dynamism here plays a smaller role .
in the longer term forecasts , over a year , the psychological factors are at the forefront , while the dynamism here plays a lower role .

er ist nichts weiter als ein gedankenloser nationalist , der in angst und schrecken vor den nationalistischen kleinformaten daheim lebt .
he is merely an unthinking nationalist , living in terror of the nationalist yellow tabloid press .
it is nothing more than a controversial person who lives in fear and horror before the nationalist small formats .
he is nothing more than a nationalist thought that lives in fear and horrendous people from the nationalist formations .

zehntausende unschuldiger patienten -- vielleicht mehr -- erlitten derartige nebenwirkungen , bevor die ersten beiden medikamente dieser klasse zurückgezogen wurden .
tens of thousands of innocent patients -- perhaps more -- suffered such adr &apos;s before the first two drugs of this class were withdrawn .
tens of thousands of innocent patients - perhaps more - suffer such side effects before the first two medicines of these class have been withdrawn .
tens of thousands of innocent patients - perhaps more - have suffered such side effects before the first two medicines were withdrawn from this class .

auch ist die volle wechselkursfreigabe nicht entscheidend , um einen höheren zustrom ausländischer direktinvestitionen ( fdi ) anzulocken .
nor is full convertibility the key to attracting higher inflows of foreign direct investment ( fdi ) .
nor is the full exchange rate release crucial to attract a higher influx of foreign direct investment ( fdi ) .
furthermore , the full exchange rate exchange rate is not essential in order to locate a higher influx of foreign direct investment ( fdi ) .

heute wollen sich einige politiker den wunsch osteuropas , dazuzugehören , zunutze machen , um geschichtliche fragen zu ihrem eigenen nutzen neu zu erörtern .
today , some politicians want to capitalize on eastern europe &apos;s desire to be part of europe to reopen historical issues to their political advantage .
today , some politicians want to take advantage of the desire of eastern europe to belong to them , in order to rediscuss historical issues on their own merits .
today , some politicians want to take advantage of the desire of eastern europe , to use historical questions to rediscuss their own benefits .

außerdem bin ich ganz anderer meinung als freunde von mir , die auf wal-mart-geschäfte herabsehen und behaupten , sie hätten nie eines besucht .
and i don &apos;t agree with friends of mine who turn their noses down at wal-mart stores , and claim never to have visited one .
in addition , i totally disagree with my friends who see wal-mart business reduced and claim that they would never have visited one .
in addition , i believe that i , as friends of myself , who are reduced to walking mart-mart-trade and say that they would never have visited one .

bei all der aufmerksamkeit , die derzeit den angespannten transatlantischen beziehungen gewidmet wird , übersieht man leicht , wie häufig sich unsere kernanliegen decken .
with all the attention devoted to strained transatlantic relations , it is easy to overlook how often our preoccupations overlap .
with all the attention that is currently being paid to the tense transatlantic relations , it is easy to see how often our core concerns are met .
with all the attention that is currently being paid to the exciting transatlantic relations , it is easy to see how often our core concerns are .

lediglich ein demokratisches instrument für die lösung von konflikten , das einen ungewissen ausgang hat , hat eine chance , von beiden seiten akzeptiert zu werden .
only a democratic mechanism for conflict resolution that has an uncertain outcome has any chance of being adopted .
only a democratic instrument for resolving conflicts , which has a certain outcome , has an opportunity to be accepted by both sides .
only a democratic instrument for resolving conflicts , which has an uncertain outcome , has an opportunity to be accepted by both sides .

eigentlich ist die geschichte der raketenabwehr ein technologiemärchen , das seine befürworter -- ob mit oder ohne regierungsverantwortung -- immerzu enttäuscht .
after all , the history of missile defense is a tale of technology constantly disappointing its advocates in and out of government .
in fact , the history of missile defence is a technology embodiment which , whether with or without government responsibility , is too disappointed .
in fact , the history of missile defence is a technology that is disappointed with its supporters - whether with or without government responsibility - .

der nördliche kosovo , der nun zum großen teil von belgrad kontrolliert wird , darf nicht vollkommen abgetrennt werden und nur dem namen nach teil des kosovo bleiben .
northern kosovo , now largely under belgrade &apos;s control , must not be partitioned off in all but name .
the northern kosovo , which is now being controlled to a large extent by belgrade , must not be completely divorced and must only remain on the name of kosovo .
the northern kosovo , which is now largely controlled by belgrade , must not be completely divided and will remain the name of kosovo .

die ezb sollte nicht versuchen , die inflation im süden und im osten mit einer deflation im norden auszugleichen , um künstliche kontinentweite zielvorgaben zu erfüllen .
the ecb should not try to balance inflation in the south and east with deflation in the north in order to hit artificial continent-wide targets .
the ecb should not try to compensate for inflation in the south and east with deflation in the north in order to meet artificial continental targets .
the ecb should not try to compensate for inflation in the south and the east with a deflation in the north to meet artificial continents targets .

wenn man die anlaufphase des wachstums dazu nutzt , in diesen bereichen neuerungen auszuprobieren , kann das später eine hohe dividenden abwerfen .
using an initial period of growth to experiment and innovate on these fronts can pay high dividends later on .
if we use the one-stop phase of growth to prosper in these areas of innovation , then this will later be a high dividends .
if we use the upcoming phase of growth in these areas , we will be able to prosper a high dividends later .

dies währe eine katastrophe für die konjunkturerholung in europa , da die ezb dann keine wahl hätte , als hart auf die monetäre bremse zu treten .
this would be disastrous for europe &apos;s economic recovery , as the ecb would have no choice but to slam down hard on the monetary brakes .
this is a disaster for economic recovery in europe , as the ecb would not then have a choice to be tough on the monetary brakes .
this is a disaster for the recovery of economic recovery in europe , because the ecb would then not have a choice , as a hard step towards the monetary brake .

das niedrige wirtschaftswachstum im östlichen teil des landes senkt den landesweiten durchschnitt , während die enorme nachfrage nach öffentlichen mitteln im osten die staatsverschuldung steigen lässt .
the slow growth of the eastern part of the country has pulled down the germany-wide average , while the enormous demand for public funds in the east has increased public debt .
the low economic growth in the eastern part of the country is a major national average , while the huge demand for public funds in the east is increasing public debt .
the low economic growth in the eastern part of the country is a large average , while the huge demand for public funds in the east will increase public debt .

zudem hat die regierung die machthaber der bosnischen republika srpska dazu ermuntert , mit einem eigenen referendum zur abspaltung von einem noch schwachen bosnien zu drohen .
moreover , the government has encouraged the leaders of bosnia &apos;s republika srpska to threaten to hold their own referendum on separation from a still fragile bosnia .
in addition , the government has encouraged the government of the bosnian republika srpska to threaten its own referendum on the division of a still weak bosnia .
in addition , the government has encouraged the leadership of the chinese republika srpska to threaten , with a referendum on the division of an even weak bosnia .

die chinesen nehmen den tod von entmachteten führungspersonen schon lange zum anlass , um gefühlen ausdruck zu verleihen , die im normalen politischen prozess unterdrückt werden .
chinese have long since used the deaths of defrocked leaders as occasions to let out sentiments that can find no expression through the normal political process .
the chinese take the death of abducted leaders for a long time to express feelings which are being suppressed in the normal political process .
the chinese have long been taking the death of kidnappings of kidnappings in order to express feelings that are oppressed in the normal political process .

bis zum heutigen tage aber erklären syrische offizielle unter vier augen , sie seien nicht der ansicht , dass die usa es in bezug auf einen abzug ernst meinten .
yet to this day , syrian officials privately say that they don &apos;t think the us is serious about a withdrawal .
to date , however , syric official can say , in four respects , that they do not believe that the united states was serious about a withdrawal .
however , to date , syrian official says in four respects that you do not think that the united states was serious about a withdrawal .

die eu kann nicht einfach &quot; solidarität &quot; als schlüsselwert verkünden und dann nichts tun , um sie unter denjenigen zu fördern , die sich an den rand gedrängt fühlen .
the eu cannot simply proclaim &quot; solidarity &quot; as a core value and then do nothing to foster it among those who feel marginalized .
the eu cannot simply proclaim &apos; solidarity &apos; as a key value and then do nothing to promote it among those who feel marginalised .
the eu cannot simply say &apos; solidarity &apos; as a key value and then do nothing to promote them among those who feel marginalised .

zweifellos hält johannes paul ii distanz zu wirtschaftlichem liberalismus und dem liberalen staat , den er oft der freizügigkeit und des moralischen relativismus bezichtigt .
john paul ii undoubtedly keeps a distance from liberal economic ideas and the liberal state , which he often charges with permissiveness and moral relativism .
there is no doubt that john paul ii is opposed to economic liberalism and to the liberal state , which is often accused of free movement and moral relativism .
there is no doubt that john paul ii is free to economic liberalism and to the liberal state , which often undermines freedom of movement and moral relativism .

die mobilität des menschen ist begrenzt und den türkischen arbeitskräften wäre es ohnehin erst nach einer langen übergangsfrist erlaubt , sich frei in der eu zu bewegen , möglicherweise nicht vor dem jahr 2025 .
human mobility is limited , and turkey workers &apos; would probably be allowed to move freely within the eu only after a long transition period , possibly not before 2025 .
the mobility of people is limited and turkish workers would be allowed to move freely in the eu after a long transition period , perhaps not before 2025 .
the mobility of people is limited and , in any case , the turkish labour force would only be allowed , after a long transitional period , to move freely in the eu , perhaps not before 2025 .

kreativprozess und problemlösung erfolgen fast völlig in kleinen firmen und werden später durch großunternehmen mit teurer und anfälliger infrastruktur , die den größten teil der gewinne einstecken , &quot; integriert &quot; .
nearly all the creativity and problem solving occurs in small companies and is later &quot; integrated &quot; by mega-corporations , which have an expensive and vulnerable infrastructure , and keep most of the profit .
the creative process and the solution to the problem are almost entirely in small companies and will be integrated by large companies with expensive and vulnerable infrastructure , which is the largest part of the profits . &apos;
the creative process and problem solution are almost entirely in small companies and will subsequently be integrated by large companies with more expensive and vulnerable infrastructure , which are the largest part of the profits &apos; .

erhalten bleiben werden uns unterorganisationen , die sich , , guten werken &quot; widmen - der risikoarmen , friedenserhaltenden bürokratie , der bekämpfung von aids und malaria oder dem kinderschutz .
those parts devoted to &quot; good works &quot; ( i.e. , the low-risk peacekeeping bureaucracies or those that fight aids and malaria or protect children ) will remain .
we will continue to receive suborganisations that devote themselves to good works - the poor , peacekeeping bureaucracy , the fight against aids and malaria or child protection .
we will continue to be underdeveloped organisations that pay attention to good works - the risk of poor , peacekeeping bureaucracy , the fight against aids and malaria or child protection .

das chronische versagen des sicherheitsrates , seine eigenen resolutionen ( im hinblick auf den irak ) durchzusetzen , ist ein untrügliches zeichen dafür , dass er dieser aufgabe einfach nicht gewachsen ist .
the chronic failure of the security council to enforce its own resolutions ( with respect to iraq ) is unmistakable : it is simply not up to the task .
the chronic failure of the security council to enforce its own resolutions ( with regard to iraq ) is an undeniable sign that it is simply not up to this task .
the chronic failure of the security council to enforce its own resolutions ( with regard to iraq ) is an unjust sign sign that it is simply not up to this task .

der innereuropäische wettbewerb bei dienstleistungen ist durch unzählige nationale vorschriften eingeschränkt , die z. b. die anforderungen , um frisör oder klempner zu werden , strengstens festlegen .
intra-european competition in services is restricted by innumerable national regulations that , for instance , strictly determine the requirements for becoming a hairdresser or a plumber .
european competition in services is strictly restricted by countless national rules , such as the requirements to be laid down by haste or plumber , for example .
national competition in services is strictly restricted by countless national rules , such as the requirements to be laid down in order to set up a landfill or cmps .

sie wiederholten ihre entschlossenheit zum stabilitäts- und wachstums-pakt . dieser auferlegt den ländern der euro-zone , die steuer anzuheben und die ausgaben zu drosseln , wodurch noch mehr druck auf die volkswirtschaften ausgeübt wird .
they reiterated their commitment to the stability and growth pact , which requires euro-zone countries to raise taxes and cut spending , putting even more downward pressure on their economies .
you repeated your determination on the stability and growth pact , which imposes on the countries of the euro zone to raise the tax and to curb expenditure , which will put even more pressure on the economies .
they repeated their determination to the stability and growth pact , which is imposed on the countries of the euro zone to raise the tax and to shrink expenditure , making even more pressure on the economies .

die länder könnten sich das ehrgeizigere ziel setzen , die langfristigen veränderungen der erdtemperatur zu begrenzen und anschließend emissionsrechte so zuteilen , dass der temperaturanstieg letzten endes auf einem akzeptablen niveau bleibt .
nations could set the more ambitious goal of limiting the long-term change in the earth &apos;s temperature , and then assign emissions rights among countries in such a way that will eventually limit temperature increases to an acceptable level .
the countries could set themselves the more ambitious objective of restricting long-term changes in the temperature system and then share emission rights in such a way that the increase in temperature remains at an acceptable level .
the countries could set up the more ambitious objective to limit the long-term changes in the temperature and then share emission rights so that the rise in temperature is ultimately at an acceptable level .

aus diesem blickwinkel betrachtet kommt es wahrscheinlich zu einer abwärtsentwicklung bei den preisen , da die begeisterung für investitionen in eigenheime vermutlich mit dem sinkenden preisanstieg schwinden wird .
at this point , there is likely to be some downward instability in prices , because enthusiasm for investing in houses is likely to wane in line with declining price growth .
from this point of view , it is likely that there will be a downward trend in prices , as enthusiasm for investment in self-interest will probably increase prices with the fall in prices .
from this point of view , it is likely to be a downward development at prices , since the enthusiasm for investment in own homes is probably becoming the rise in prices .

demokratie bedeutet regieren durch diskussion , durch das fällen wichtiger entscheidungen nach gründlicher erwägung von der art , wie sie - zumindest in großen ländern - in einem aus gewählten vertretern zusammengesetzten parlament zu erfolgen hat .
democracy is government by debate , by taking important decisions after thorough deliberation of the kind that--at least in large countries--must be conducted in a parliament through elected representatives .
democracy means governance through discussion , through the cases of important decisions following thorough consideration of the way in which , at least in large countries , it has to be done in a parliament that has been brought together from elected representatives .
democracy means governance by means of discussion , which means that , in cases , more important decisions to be taken according to a thorough recital of the way in which they - at least in large countries - have been held in a parliament elected by elected representatives .

die folgerisiken der vollen liberalisierung der kapitalbewegungen sind schließlich stärkere wechselkursschwankungen , und selbst länder mit einer gesunden liquidität konnten einen ansturm auf ihre reserven nicht abwehren .
the downside risk of capital-account liberalization , after all , is higher exchange-rate volatility , and even countries with sound liquidity positions could not prevent a run on their reserves .
after all , the tortuous liberalisation of capital movements has increased exchange rate fluctuations , and even countries with healthy liquidity have not been able to deviate from their reserves .
finally , the consequences of the full liberalisation of capital movements are greater exchange rate fluctuations , and even countries with healthy liquidity have not been able to prevent a storm on their reserves .

die revolution in den naturwissenschaften wurde möglich durch die druckpresse , die industrielle revolution durch die dampfmaschine , und indiens rettung vor dem hunger durch erhöhte landwirtschaftliche erträge -- die so genannte &quot; grüne revolution &quot; .
the scientific revolution was made possible by the printing press , the industrial revolution by the steam engine , and india &apos;s escape from famine by increased farm yields -- the so-called &quot; green revolution . &quot;
the revolution in nature sciences has been possible through the printing press , the industrial revolution by the american machinery , and india &apos;s rescue from hunger by increasing agricultural savings - the so-called green revolution .
the revolution in the natural sciences has been possible by the pressure press , the industrial revolution by the american machine , and india saving hunger by increasing agricultural revenue - the so-called &apos; green revolution &apos; .

durch flexible wechselkurse , die dazu geschaffen wurden schwindendes vertrauen in eine währung zu signalisieren , haben auch exporteure einen wettbewerbsnachteil gegenüber ausländischen produzenten , deren währung nicht von unvorhersehbaren wechselkursschwankungen betroffen sind .
flexible exchange rates , designed to allow the market to signal when confidence in the currency is declining , also put exporters at a competitive disadvantage against foreign-country producers whose prices aren &apos;t batted around by unpredictable exchange rates .
by means of flexible exchange rates , which have been created to give a signal of confidence in a currency , exporters also have a competitive disadvantage towards foreign producers whose currency is not affected by unpredictable exchange rate fluctuations .
through flexible exchange rates , which have created confidence in a currency , exporters also have a competitive disadvantage against foreign producers whose currency is not affected by unpredictable exchange rates .

im gegenteil , seine kriegerische rhetorik und unbeholfene regierung hat viele investoren abgeschreckt , so einen wirtschaftlichen niedergang eingeleitet und die arbeitslosenzahlen und die armut in die höhe schnellen lassen .
on the contrary , his belligerent rhetoric and inept governance scared off investors , inciting economic decline and boosting unemployment and poverty .
on the contrary , its warmth rhetoric and unholed government has remedied many investors , thus starting an economic downturn and allowing unemployment rates and poverty to rise rapidly .
on the contrary , its warmest rhetoric and unholed government have cut a lot of investors , leading to an economic decline and to allow the unemployment rates and poverty to be taken up quickly .

es bleibt nur eine frage : hätte es bessere möglichkeiten gegeben , mit einem bruchteil der kriegskosten von 1 bis 2 billionen dollar , die sicherheit zu stärken , den wohlstand zu erhöhen und die demokratie zu fördern ?
one cannot help but wonder : were there alternative ways of spending a fraction of the war &apos;s $ 1- $ 2 trillion in costs that would have better strengthened security , boosted prosperity , and promoted democracy ?
there is only one question : would there have been better opportunities to strengthen the security , increase prosperity and promote democracy with a fraction of the cost of war between 1 and 2 cheap dollars ?
there is only one question : would there have been better opportunities to increase prosperity with a fraction of the war costs of 1 to 2 cheap dollars , to increase security , to increase prosperity and to promote democracy ?

mehr als 20 % aller firmen -- in so unterschiedlichen ländern wie algerien , bangladesh , brasilien , china , estland und sambia -- betrachten unzureichende fertigkeiten und ausbildung der arbeitnehmer als ein wichtiges oder zentrales problem .
more than 20 % of all firms , in countries as diverse as algeria , bangladesh , brazil , china , estonia , and zambia , rate inadequate skills and education of workers as a major or a severe obstacle .
more than 20 % of all companies - in such different countries as algeria , bangladesh , brazil , china , estonia and sambia - consider inadequate skills and training for workers to be an important or central problem .
more than 20 % of all companies - in so different countries , such as algeria , bangladesh , brazil , china , estonia and zambia - look at insufficient skills and training of workers as an important or central problem .

es wird oft vergessen , dass us-verteidigungsminister donald rumsfeld sich aus seinem komfortablen ruhestand zurückmeldete , um amerikas streitkräfte als kleinere , beweglichere truppe zu reorganisieren , wobei er sich auf einige genau dieser einsichten stützte .
it is often forgotten that us defense secretary donald rumsfeld emerged from a comfortable retirement to reorganize the american military into a smaller , more agile force , using some of these same insights .
it is often forgotten that the us secretary of state donald rumsin was able to reorganise himself from his comrade retirement , in order to organise america as a smaller force , a more flexible force , with some of the support that has been given .
it is often forgotten that the united states defence minister donzsu has returned from his continuing rest in order to organise the armed forces of america as a smaller , more flexible force , with a few of which have been supported .

mit seiner behauptung , man müsste unschuldige serben in kroatien und bosnien verteidigen , zeigte milosevic in den neunziger jahren des vorigen jahrhunderts erneut , dass eine rechtfertigung militärischer interventionen ausschließlich auf der basis moralischer prinzipien zu viel spielraum für deren verdrehung und missbrauch bietet .
as milosevic showed again in the 1990s , when he claimed to be defending innocent serbs in croatia and bosnia , justifying military intervention solely on the basis of moral principles leaves too much room for their distortion and abuse .
with his assertion that we should defend innocent serbs in croatia and bosnia , milosevic once again demonstrated in the nineties of the last century that a justification for military intervention only on the basis of moral principles offers too much room for manoeuvre for their threat and abuse .
with his claim that innocent serbs should be defended in croatia and bosnia , milosevic once again demonstrated in the nineties of the last century that military intervention is only on the basis of moral principles too much room for the threat and abuse of them .

wir unternehmen keinen erklärungsversuch , ob die amerikaner hinsichtlich der kriegskosten bewusst hinters licht geführt wurden , oder ob die krasse unterschätzung der kosten durch die bush-administration auf inkompetenz zurückzuführen ist , wofür im falle der massenvernichtungswaffen einiges spricht .
we do not attempt to explain whether the american people were deliberately misled regarding the war &apos;s costs , or whether the bush administration &apos;s gross underestimate should be attributed to incompetence , as it vehemently argues is true in the case of weapons of mass destruction .
we are not trying to explain to companies whether the americans were deliberately behind the cost of war , or whether the cradle of the cost of the bush administration is due to incompetence , for which there is a lot of talk in the case of weapons of mass destruction .
we do not make any attempt to make the americans aware of the light on the cost of war , or whether the cradle of the costs caused by the bush administration is due to incompetence , for which there is a lot of talk in the case of weapons of mass destruction .

es ist noch nicht so lange her , dass ein republikanischer kongress eine milliarde $ an beiträgen für die uno mit der drohung zurückgehalten hatte , er werde seine schulden nur dann bezahlen , wenn die uno ein reihe von bedingungen erfülle .
it was not long ago that a republican congress held up $ 1 billion of un dues , and threatened that it would only pay what it owed if the un satisfied a raft of conditions .
it is not so long ago that a republican congress held a billion contributions to the un with a threat , but it will only pay its debt if the un meets a series of conditions .
it is not so long ago that a republican congress had returned a billion of contributions to the un with the threat of the threat , it will only pay its debt if the un meets a number of conditions .

das ergebnis war , neben den gesundheitlichen vorteilen für alle , ein nachweisliches wirtschaftswachstum ; man braucht nur einen blick auf die investitionen in die wasserkraft zu werfen , um die positiven auswirkungen von wassermanagementprojekten auf viele volkswirtschaften zu sehen .
the result , beyond the health benefits for all , has been a proven record of economic growth ; one only has to look at investment in hydropower to see the positive impact of water management projects on many economies .
in addition to the health benefits for all , economic growth has been proven ; it is only necessary to look at investment in hydrocarbons in order to see the positive effects of water management projects on many economies .
the result was the result , in addition to the health benefits for all , a proven economic growth ; it is only necessary to look at the investment in hydrocarbons in order to see the positive effects of water management projects on many economies .

bestenfalls wird schrã <unk> der deshalb an seiner philosophie der â <unk> <unk> agenda 2010 &quot; festhalten , und mã ¼ ntefering wird einer widerstrebenden spd geduldig erklã <unk> ren , dass vor dem erreichen des gelobten landes die wã ¼ ste durchquert werden muss .
in the best case scenario , schröder will therefore stick to the &quot; agenda 2010 &quot; philosophy , and müntefering will patiently explain to a reluctant spd that you have to cross the desert in order to make it to the promised land .
at best , this is why the fibre of the philosophy of the 2010 agenda will continue to be &apos; , and the mdgs will be a resurgence of the accomplice of the village , and the most vulnerable of the world will have to be torn through before the country is able to reach its praises .
at best , the premise of the fact that the philosophy of its spiritual philosophy will therefore be maintained in 2010 , as well as the growth of the agenda 2010 , and this will be a resurgence of a conspicuous sper , that , before the country is achieved , the most powerful force must be carried out .

statt sie als bedrohung einer neuen weltordnung zu verunglimpfen , sollten wir erkennen , dass sie , in ermangelung von alternativen , eigentlich die wirkliche hoffnung für eine solche neue ordnung sind und das einzige gegenmodell zur anarchie , die durch das klägliche scheitern der uno verursacht wurde .
far from disparaging them as a threat to a new world order , we should recognize that they are , by default , the best hope for that order , and the true alternative to the anarchy caused by the dismal failure of the united nations .
instead of taking them as a threat to a new world order , we should recognise that , in the absence of alternatives , they are actually the real hope for such a new order and the only counter-model for anarchy , which has been caused by the sinking failure of the un .
instead of being threatened with a threat to a new world order , we should recognise that , in the absence of alternatives , they are really the real hope for such a new order and the only counteract model of anarchy caused by the failure of the un .

während des winters 1976 , als ( der in der maoistischen hierarchie als relativ liberal geltende ) ministerpräsident tschu en-lai starb , strömten zehntausende menschen spontan auf den tiananmen-platz und jagten der partei damit einen gewaltigen schrecken ein .
during the winter of 1976 , when premier zhou enlai ( viewed as a relative liberal in the maoist hierarchy ) died , tens of thousands of people spontaneously flooded tiananmen square , giving the party a tremendous fright .
during the winters in 1976 , when , in the maoist hierarchy , prime minister abu la-lab died , tens of thousands of people died in the tiananmen and hunting of the party .
as the prime minister of the maoist hierarchy of the maoist hierarchy , who , in the maoist hierarchy , died in a relatively liberal ) , prime minister fu lab , smb tens of thousands of people at the ananananandix and the party &apos;s rightful horse .

die anderen haben in den letzten jahren , vielfach einseitig , ihr interesse an einer frühzeitigen euroeinführung , noch vor dem eigentlichen beitritt bekundet . vehement vertreten wird diese position von der polnischen nationalbank , aber auch die ungarische und tschechische nationalbank nehmen diese haltung ein , wenngleich mit weniger nachdruck .
the others have declared for several years their interest in adopting the euro early on , in some cases unilaterally , even before entry into the eu--a position openly supported by the national bank of poland , and less forcefully by the national bank of hungary and the czech national bank .
in recent years , the others have , in many cases unilaterally , expressed their interest in early introduction of the euro , even before the actual accession , and this position is strongly represented by the polish national bank , but also by the hungarian and czech national bank , this attitude , albeit with less emphasis .
in the past few years , the other people have , in many cases , unilaterally , shown their interest in the early introduction of the euro , even before the actual accession , and this position is strongly represented by the polish national bank , but also the hungarian and czech national bank , to take this attitude , even though it is less important .

um dies zu verifizieren , wird es einer objektiven aufstellung der kriegskosten bedürfen , in der opferzahlen , die zerstörung von sachgütern , die wirtschaftlichen folgen für den irak , die auswirkungen auf andere formen der gewalt wie den terrorismus und die geopolitischen folgen berücksichtigt werden .
this will depend on an objective assessment of the costs of the war in terms of loss of life , destruction of property , economic impact within iraq , spillovers into other forms of violence such as terrorism , and geopolitical consequences .
it will require objective preparation of the cost of war , in which victims , the destruction of material goods , the economic consequences for iraq , the impact on other forms of violence such as terrorism and geopolitical consequences , will be taken into account .
it will require an objective establishment of the war costs , in which victims pay , the destruction of material goods , the economic consequences for iraq , the impact on other forms of violence such as terrorism and the geopolitical consequences .

sie basiert auf der einschã <unk> tzung , dass ab mitte 2004 ein bis zu den bundestagswahlen im herbst 2006 anhaltender deutlicher wirtschaftsaufschwung einsetzen wird - und dass die wã <unk> hler die erwartete erholung auf die als â <unk> <unk> agenda 2010 &quot; bezeichneten wirtschafts- , arbeitsmarkt- und sozialreformen zurã ¼ ckfã ¼ hren werden , die schrã <unk> der zum markenzeichen seiner kanzlerschaft erklã <unk> rt hat .
it is based on the bet that there will be a considerable economic upswing from mid-2004 onwards until the next national elections in autumn 2006 - and that voters will attribute the expected recovery to the economic , labour market and welfare state reforms , called &quot; agenda 2010 , &quot; that schröder has made the hallmark of his chancellorship .
in the middle of 2004 , it is based on the intrusion of the foundations that , as from the middle of 2006 , a permanent economic recovery process will be committed to the federal elections in the autumn of 2006 , and that the flemish nature of the episode was expected to lead to a &apos; economic , labour market and social reform agenda 2010 &apos; , which is a trail of the trademark of the trademarks of its chancellor seistoy .
in the middle of 2004 , it is based on the premise that , from the middle of 2004 , an increase in the growth of the economic recovery process in the autumn of the autumn of 2006 , will be strongly committed to the growth of the growth of economic growth - and the fact that the impoverished sphler has expected to recover from the elementary agenda 2010 agenda , economic and social reforms , which will be set up by the reform of the european union and social reforms , which have become the premise of the fight against which the chancellor , the chancellor , has become a powerful sign of his commitment to the growth in the world .

sharons wandel vom bösewicht zum helden innerhalb von nur wenigen jahren ist für sein volk , die region und die welt ein faszinosum , umso mehr , als seine letztlichen intentionen gegenstand endloser diskussionen bleiben werden -- morgen unter historikern , und heute unter jenen politikern , die sich zu seinen getreuen nachfolgern ausrufen .
sharon &apos;s transformation from villain to hero within the space of a mere few years is a source of fascination for his people , the region , and the world -- all the more so because his ultimate intentions will remain a subject of endless dispute among historians tomorrow and among politicians claiming to be his faithful heirs today .
mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , ladies and gentlemen , mr president of the commission , ladies and gentlemen , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president of the commission , ladies and gentlemen , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president of the commission , ladies and gentlemen , mr president of the commission , ladies and gentlemen , mr president of the commission , ladies and gentlemen , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president of the commission , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president of the commission , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president of the commission , mr president-in-office of the commission , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president of the commission , mr president of the commission , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president of the commission , mr president-in-office of the commission , mr president-in-office of the commission , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president-in-office of the commission . mr president of the mr president of the mr president of the mr commissioner , mr president of the commissioner , mr
it is only a few years ago that the region and the world will be a fascinating world , all the more so , the latter will remain the subject of unbridled discussions tomorrow , under the heart of the iranian and politicians today , who are now looking to the successor of his successor , who are now looking to the successor of his successor , the region and the world .

