herbert hoover und der stabilitäts-pakt
herbert hoover and the stability pact
herbert hote and the stability pact
herbert hotel and the stability pact

der westen gegen den rest der welt ?
the west versus the rest ?
does the west oppose the rest of the world ?
are the west against the rest of the world ?

diese theorie kann jedoch nicht überzeugen .
but this theory is not convincing .
however , this theory cannot be convincing .
however , this theory cannot be convince .

erneute kraftprobe auf dem balkan
another balkan high noon
again , the future test in the balkans
renewed test of power in the balkans

die demokratie ausspielen
playing at democracy
democracy is playing off .
democracy is playing democracy .

der westen muss belgrads sirenengesang ignorieren .
the west must ignore belgrade &apos;s siren song .
the west must ignore belgrads siberia .
the west must ignore belgrads .

einer derartigen situation sind nur wenige menschen in den reichen ländern ausgesetzt .
this is a situation that few people in rich countries face .
there are few people in rich countries who are exposed to such a situation .
such a situation is only a few people in the rich countries .

insgesamt jedoch , überwiegen die vorteile die risiken bei weitem .
on balance , however , the advantages far outweigh the risks .
all in all , however , the benefits far outweigh the risks .
overall , however , the benefits of the risks go far beyond .

äthiopien und jemen sind ebenso prägnante beispiele dafür .
ethiopia and yemen are equally stark examples .
ethiopia and yemen are just as predominant examples of this .
ethiopia and yemen are just as premise examples of this .

die neuen tschetschenischen behörden scheinen das zu begrüßen .
the new chechen authorities seem to welcome this prospect .
the new chechen authorities seem to welcome this .
the new chechen authorities seem to welcome this .

aber selbst dieser scheinbare erfolg entpuppte sich als moralisch doppelbödig .
but even this seeming success was morally ambiguous .
however , even this apparent success of depuzzle was regarded as moral double standards .
however , even this impressive success was a moral double effort .

jetzt wird chávez noch nicht einmal mehr von der mehrheit der armen unterstützt .
now chávez lacks majority backing even among the poor .
now chávez is not even supported by the majority of the poor .
now chávez is not even supported by the majority of the poor .

warum gibt es diesen krassen unterschied sowohl in amerika als auch in europa ?
so why do we see this large difference in reality in both america and europe ?
why is there a difference between america and europe ?
why are there this cradle difference both in america and in europe ?

in teilen asiens ist der lebensstandard in den himmel geschossen .
in parts of asia , living standards have skyrocketed .
in parts of asia , the standard of living is in the sky .
in parts of asia , the standard of living is in the sky .

am stärksten gefährdet sind aber die entwicklungsländer und daher die ärmsten dieser welt .
however , it is the developing countries -- and thus the world &apos;s poor -- who are most vulnerable .
however , the most vulnerable are the developing countries and therefore the poorest in this world .
however , the developing countries are most vulnerable , and therefore the poorest of this world .

tatsächlich ist in washington eine spürbare geringschätzung syriens erkennbar .
indeed , there is palpable disdain for syria in washington .
indeed , in washington , there is a tangible lack of assessment of syria .
indeed , in washington , there is a significant low estimate of syria in washington .

normalerweise behutsame regierungen stellen sich an , als ob die zukunft bereits morgen stattfinden würde .
normally cautious governments are positioning themselves now as if the future were around the corner .
normally , governments are acting as if the future had already taken place tomorrow .
usually , governments are facing themselves when the future would take place tomorrow .

wer weiß jedoch , was die wählerschaft bei ablauf der legislaturperiode in drei jahren denken wird ?
but who knows what the electorate will think in three years , at the end of the government &apos;s full term in office ?
who knows , however , what the electorate will think about during the end of the parliamentary term in three years &apos; time ?
who knows , however , what will the electorate think in the course of the parliamentary term in three years &apos; time ?

die wenigen ausnahmen sind großenteils auf fortgesetzte oder neue fortschrittliche staatliche interventionen zurückzuführen .
the few exceptions have been due largely to continued or new progressive government interventions .
the few exceptions are due to large-scale or new advanced state intervention .
the few exceptions are largely due to continued or new progressive state intervention .

tatsächlich hat die liquidität an devisen in indien im vergangenen jahrzehnt dramatisch zugenommen .
indeed , india &apos;s external liquidity position has strengthened dramatically in the past decade .
in fact , liquidity has increased dramatically in india in the last decade .
in fact , liquidity in india has increased dramatically in india last decade .

in diesem breiteren und unsicheren kontext ist die regelung humanitärer militärinterventionen von höchster wichtigkeit .
in this wider and uncertain context , the need to regulate humanitarian military intervention looms large .
in this broader and unsafe context , the regulation of humanitarian military intervention is of paramount importance .
in this wider and unsafe context , the regulation of humanitarian military intervention is of the utmost importance .

außerdem möchte sich die regierung nicht mit den problemen bei der rekrutierung und personalbindung beim militär auseinandersetzen .
nor does the administration want to face up to the military &apos;s recruiting and retention problems .
furthermore , the government does not want to deal with the problems of recruitment and staffing links with the military .
furthermore , the government does not want to deal with the problems of recruitment and staffing in the military .

in zukunft werden auch china und indien massiv zur erhöhung des kohlendioxidgehalts der atmosphäre beitragen .
in future years , china and india also will make massive contributions to increased carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
china and india will continue to play a huge role in increasing carbon dioxide content in the atmosphere in the future .
in the future , china and india will also make a huge contribution to increasing the carbon balance of the atmosphere .

die wahl des zeitpunktes für das verfassungsreferendum scheint teil dieser verzögerungsstrategie zu sein .
the timing of the constitutional referendum appears to be a part of this delaying strategy .
the choice of time for the constitutional referendum seems to be part of this delay strategy .
the election of the time point for the constitutional referendum seems to be part of this delay strategy .

doch nachdem die inflation zum erliegen kam , ist die arbeitslosigkeit nicht gefallen -- zumindest nicht stark .
but after inflation succumbed , unemployment did not fall -- or not by much .
however , after inflation came into being , unemployment has not fallen - at least not strong .
however , after inflation came into being , unemployment has not fallen - at least not strong .

in den entwicklungsländern asiens werden heute computer , halbleiter , pharmazeutika und software produziert .
asian developing countries are now producers of computers , semiconductors , pharmaceuticals , and software .
in the developing countries of asia today , computers , sewage , pharmaceutical products and software are produced .
today , in the developing countries , computers , haliter , pharmaceutical and software will be produced today .

der erste schock war die sich verstärkende globalisierung , die eine massive konkurrenz aus niedriglohnländern brachte .
the first shock was intensified globalization , which brought a lot of new low-wage competition .
the first shock was the increase in globalisation , which brought massive competition from low-wage countries .
the first shock was the increase in globalisation , which resulted in massive competition from low-wage countries .

um dies zu tun , darf keine zu große kluft zwischen unseren nach außen verkündeten prinzipien und unserem tatsächlichen verhalten bestehen .
to do so , there cannot be too wide a gap between our stated principles and our actual behavior .
in order to do so , there must not be too much gap between our principles and our actual behaviour .
in order to do this , there must be no too much gap between the principles that we have proclaimed to the outside world and our real behaviour .

mit ende des diesjã <unk> hrigen â <unk> <unk> superwahljahres &quot; werden wir die antwort kennen .
at the end of this current &quot; super election year , &quot; we will know the answer .
at the end of this year , we will be familiar with the answer , with the jim hmer ghen , &apos; .
we will be aware of the answer at the end of this jams , which is a serious factor in favour of medium- super-election year .

um von beiden seiten akzeptiert werden zu können , muss sich die lösung von den standardvorschlägen beider distanzieren .
to be acceptable to both sides , such a solution must deviate from the favorite proposals of each .
in order to be able to be accepted by both sides , the solution must distance itself from the standard proposals of both .
to be accepted by both sides , the solution must be distance from the standard proposals of both parties .

die federal reserve hat die normalisierung der zinssätze zu spät eingeleitet , und nun zahlt sie den preis dafür .
the fed was late in beginning the interest-rate normalization process , and it is now paying a price .
the federal reserve began the standardisation of interest rates too late and now it pays the price for it .
the federal reserve has initiated the standardisation of interest rates too late , and now it pays the price .

eine spekulative blase , die sich selbst ausschließlich durch die reaktion auf preissteigerungen erhält , kann nicht ewig andauern .
a speculative bubble , sustaining itself solely by reaction to price increases , cannot go on forever .
a speculative blase , which itself receives exclusively through the response to price increases , cannot continue for a long time .
a speculative blasis , which is only received by the response to price increases , cannot always continue .

er möchte teil eines politischen europas sein , aber nur , wenn die anderen mitglieder dem beispiel britischer wirtschafts- und sozialreformen folgen .
he wants to be a part of a political europe ; but only if the other member states follow britain &apos;s model of economic and social reform .
he wants to be part of a political europe , but only if the other members follow the example of british economic and social reforms .
he wants to be part of a political europe , but only if the other members follow the example of british economic and social reforms .

doch lässt sich der verlust von ästhetik und gemeinwesen nicht leicht in einfachen einkommens- und preisstatistiken erfassen .
but the loss of aesthetics and community is not easily captured in simple income and price statistics .
however , the loss of aesthetic and public life cannot easily be included in simple income and price statistics .
however , the loss of thesis and public nature cannot easily be found in simple income and price statistics .

eine derartige wachstumsstrategie zu entwerfen , ist sowohl schwieriger als auch leichter , als die neoliberale standardpolitik umzusetzen .
designing such a growth strategy is both harder and easier than implementing standard neoliberal policies .
drawing up such a growth strategy is both more difficult and easier to implement than the neo-liberal standard policy .
to draw up such a growth strategy is both more difficult and easier to implement the neo-liberal standard policy .

für das system des offiziellen atheismus und der legalisierten verlogenheit war die kirche eine lebendige mahnung .
for the system of official atheism and legalized mendacity , the church was a living rebuke .
the church was a living warning for the official atheism system and for the legalised diligence .
the church has been a lifestyle for the official atheism system and the legalisation of the system .

die regierungsführer selbst müssen den mut aufbringen , häufig knappe parlamentarische mehrheiten über ein popularitätstief hinweg zu retten .
leaders themselves need the nerve to take often precarious parliamentary majorities through the troughs of popularity .
the government leaders themselves must have the courage to save often scarce parliamentary majorities over popularity .
the leaders of government themselves must have the courage to save often narrow parliamentary differences over a populist increase .

dennoch gab man die hoffnung nicht auf , dass die proteinstruktur mittels röntgenbeugemuster irgendwie aufzuklären sein müsste .
but the faith remained that detailed information about protein structure could be obtained from the x-ray patterns in some way , if only it could be discovered .
nevertheless , we did not have the hope that the protein structure would have to be somehow clarified by means of a rubbish model .
nevertheless , we did not hope that the protein structure would have to be resolved by means of rtgents .

warum aber wurden diese , die biologie und medizin in der 2. hälfte des 20. jahrhunderts revolutionierenden entdeckungen , in einem britischen
so why were these two foundation stones of the revolution in biology and medicine that dominated science in the second half of the 20th century uncovered in a british
however , why were these revolutionary discoveries , biological and medicine in the 2 half of the 20th century , in a british one .
but why have these , biological and medicine been covered in 2 half of the 20 century revolutions , in a british british uk .

für eigenheimbesitzer ist das ein enormer gewinn , aber für diejenigen , die einen kauf erst planen , eine schmerzliche sache .
this has been a big windfall to homeowners , but has hurt anyone planning to buy .
it is an enormous gain for domestic owners , but for those who plan to buy a purchase , it is a painful matter .
it is a huge profit for own owners , but it is a painful thing for those who are only planning to buy them .

stellen sie sich vor , ihr job als leitender mitarbeiter eines medienunternehmens sei davon abhängig , ihre zuschauerzahl zu erhöhen .
imagine your job as a media executive depends on expanding your viewing audience .
imagine that your job , as the leading staff of a media company , is dependent on increasing its numbers .
you imagine that your job as a leader of a media company is dependent on increasing its number of people .

wir werden fanatischen terror nicht bezwingen , ja nicht einmal einschränken können , wenn wir den krieg nicht dorthin tragen , wo dieser terrorismus seine wurzeln hat .
we will not defeat or even contain fanatical terror unless we can carry the war to the territories from which it is launched .
we will not force fanatical terror , and we cannot even limit it if we do not have the war where this terrorism has its roots .
we are not going to force fanatical terror , even if we do not support the war where terrorism has its roots .

von zentraler bedeutung dabei ist , inwieweit die alten mitgliedsstaaten bereit sind , für die ankurbelung der weniger entwickelten volkswirtschaften in den neuen mitgliedsländern zu bezahlen .
in particular , the central issue is how far the old member states are willing to pay to boost the less developed economies of the new members .
it is essential to see to what extent the old member states are prepared to pay for boosting the less developed economies in the new member states .
it is of central importance to the extent to which the old member states are prepared to pay for the recovery of less developed economies in the new member states .

eine andere , plausiblere theorie besagt , dass während der vergangenen fünfzehn jahre verschiedene externe herausforderungen oder schocks das land gleichzeitig trafen .
another , more plausible theory is that over the past fifteen years there have been various external challenges or shocks that have hit the country simultaneously .
another , more plausible theory states that , during the past fifteen years , various external challenges or shocks have also met the country .
one other , plausible theory says that over the last 15 years there have been various external challenges or shocks of the country at the same time .

die nato-intervention im kosovo ist ein präzedenzfall , den der amerikanische außenminister colin powell zur rechtfertigung des irakkrieges heranzuziehen pflegte .
nato &apos;s intervention in kosovo is a precedent that us secretary of state colin powell used to justify the war with iraq .
nato intervention in kosovo is a precedent that the us secretary of state colin powell has set for the justification of the war in iraq .
the nato intervention in kosovo is a precedent to bring the american foreign minister colin powell to justify the war in iraq .

die anwälte des ehemaligen yukos-chefs michail chodorkowsky haben eine beschwerde beim europäischen gerichtshof für menschenrechte in straßburg eingebracht .
former yukos ceo mikhail khodorkovsky &apos;s lawyers have sent a complaint to the european court for human rights in strasbourg .
the lawyers of the former coalition leader mikhodorkovsky have submitted a complaint to the european court of human rights in strasbourg .
the lawyers of the former bishop chakil hodorrodorkovsky have submitted a complaint to the european court of human rights in strasbourg .

zwar nährt die demokratie einige gemeinsame werte , doch handelt es sich dabei überwiegend um liberale werte . mit anderen worten : die rechte des einzelnen gehen kollektiven pflichten vor .
democracy does nurture some common values , but they are overwhelmingly liberal values - in other words , individual rights trump collective obligations .
it is true that democracy has some common values , but most of them are liberal values , in other words , the rights of individual collective obligations .
although democracy has a number of common values , it is mainly liberal values , in other words , the rights of individual collective obligations go ahead .

solange diese eingriffe nicht überhand nehmen und das system nicht zur beute der jeweiligen opposition machen , können sie ein sicherheitsventil für präsidialsysteme sein .
as long as these maneuvers do not proliferate and turn into easy ammunition for the opposition of the moment , they may provide a safety valve for presidential systems .
as long as these interventions do not go hand in hand and do not make the system for the respective opposition , they can be a safety valve for presidential systems .
as long as these intervention does not go hand in hand and do not make the system easier for the respective opposition , they can be a security plan for alerting systems .

die weltweite nachfrage nach fisch steigt , und dasselbe gilt für die weltweiten fangkapazitäten , was einige arten bereits bis an den rand des aussterbens gebracht hat .
global demand for fish consumption is growing , and so , too , is the global capacity to catch fish , driving some species to the point of extinction .
global demand for fish is increasing , and the same applies to global fishing capacity , which has already brought some species to the brink of extinction .
global demand for fish is increasing , and the same applies to the global fishing capacity , which has already brought some species back to the margins of the executing .

die schweiz mit ihrem im allgemeinen langsameren lebensstil und ihren gründlichen politischen debatten , die solchen abstimmungen vorweg gehen , mag hier eine ausnahme sein .
switzerland , with its generally slower pace and its thorough political debates before votes are held , may be the exception .
switzerland , with its generally slower lifestyles of life and its thorough political debates , which go ahead with such votes , may be an exception .
switzerland , with its generally slow lifestyle and its thorough political debates , which go ahead with such votes , may be an exception here .

aber durch den anhaltenden widerstand der eu-institutionen sind die meisten kandidatenländer von der idee abgekommen , den euro unilateral oder so schnell wie möglich nach dem beitritt einzuführen .
but continuing opposition by eu institutions has led most candidate countries to abandon the idea of adopting the euro unilaterally or as quickly as possible after entering the union .
however , with the continuing opposition of the eu institutions , most of the candidate countries have come out of the idea of introducing the euro , or as soon as possible , after accession .
however , through the continued resistance of the eu institutions , most candidate countries have come from the idea of introducing the euro or as quickly as possible after accession .

sind unsere heutigen demokratien tugendhaft genug , um jene energien einschließlich der selbstaufopferung freizusetzen , die sie brauchen , um ihre feinde zu besiegen ?
are today &apos;s democracies virtuous enough to rally the energies - including self-sacrifice - needed to defeat their enemies ?
are our democracies today responsible enough to release those energy , including self-opium , which they need in order to defeat their enemies ?
are our current democracies so as to release those energy , including self-sufficiency , which they need in order to label their enemies ?

nun ist es die israelische linke , die -- wenn auch widerwillig -- feststellt , dass sharons neuer pragmatismus ein erster schritt in die richtige richtung sein kann .
it is now the israeli left that , however reluctantly , realizes that sharon &apos;s new pragmatism may be the first step in the right direction .
now it is the israeli left , which , although reluctant , states that sharks of new pragmatism can be a first step in the right direction .
now it is the israeli left , which , although it does not agree , states that sharks of new pragmatism can be a first step in the right direction .

auf der anderen seite weisen kritiker darauf hin , dass die welt heute arm ist : das durchschnittliche jährliche bip pro kopf bei kaufkraftparität beträgt ungefähr $ 7.000 .
on the other hand , critics point out that the world today is poor : average annual gdp per capita at purchasing power parity is roughly $ 7,000 .
on the other hand , critics point out that the world is today poor : the average annual gdp per capita is approximately 7000 in purchasing power .
on the other hand , criticism points out that the world is poor today : the average annual gdp per capita in purchasing power is approximately 7000 .

der messianische idealismus , der europa vor dem nationalsozialismus rettete und westeuropa gegen den kommunismus beschützte , richtet sich nun gegen neue feinde .
the messianic idealism that liberated europe from nazism and protected western europe from communism is now directed at other enemies .
it is now against new enemies that europe has been protesting against communism before national socialism and western europe has protested against communism .
it is now directed against the new enemies against communism , which europe was opposed to national socialism and western europe against communism .

diese beiden voraussetzungen stehen von natur aus im widerspruch zueinander , aber das gleichgewicht zwischen beiden ist nach wie vor am besten durch eine repräsentative , parlamentarische demokratie zu gewährleisten .
these two imperatives are inherently contradictory , but the balance between them is still best achieved through representative , parliamentary democracy .
these two conditions are at odds with each other , but the balance between the two is still best guaranteed by representative , parliamentary democracy .
these two conditions are in conflict with nature , but the balance between the two is still the best way of ensuring a representative , parliamentary democracy .

diese teilnahmslosigkeit macht meine aufgabe als von der staatsduma ( dem russischen parlament ) mit dem schutz politischer rechte in russland beauftragten ombudsmann schwierig , wenn nicht gar unmöglich ..
such apathy makes my task as russia &apos;s ombudsman , an office charged by the state duma ( parliament ) with protecting political rights in russia , difficult , if not impossible .
these particles make my job as a task of the state duma ( the russian parliament ) with the protection of political rights in russia &apos;s ombudsman , if not impossible .
i have a duty to do so as the government ( the russian parliament ) with the protection of political rights in russia , mr starch , if not impossible , if not impossible .

diese politik hat israel tief gespalten : die siedler , die zumeist , aber nicht ausschließlich religiös sind , fühlen sich von sharon , &quot; dem vater der siedlungen &quot; , verraten .
this policy has deeply divided israel : the settlers -- mostly , but not exclusively religious -- feel betrayed by sharon , &quot; the father of the settlements . &quot;
israel has been deeply divided by this policy : the settlers , most of them , but not exclusively religious , feel abandoned by sharon , &apos; the father of the settlements &apos; .
this policy has largely divided israel : the settlers , most of which are not purely religious , feel themselves from sharon , &apos; the father of the settlements &apos; .

eine reihe von ländern erleichtern inzwischen den zugang zu weiter führenden schulen , insbesondere durch bedingungsgebundene förderprogramme , die armen familien , deren kinder regelmäßig am unterricht teilnehmen , stipendien bieten .
several countries now facilitate access to secondary schooling , in particular through &quot; conditional cash transfer programs , &quot; which offer a stipend to poor families whose children regularly attend school .
a number of countries are now facilitating access to higher schools , particularly through unconditional support programmes , which offer grants to poor families whose children regularly participate in teaching .
a number of countries now facilitate access to leading schools , particularly through unconditional support programmes , the poor families , whose children regularly participate in teaching , offer grants .

ob sie dazu bewogen werden können , den terroristen unterstützung und unterschlupf zu entziehen , hängt von der entschlossenheit und effizienz ab , mit der wir ihnen entgegentreten .
whatever hope exists that they can be persuaded to withdraw support or sanctuary from terrorists rests on the certainty and effectiveness with which they are confronted .
whether they can be considered to deprive terrorists of their support and subpf depends on the determination and efficiency with which we oppose them .
whether they can be considered to be able to withdraw terrorists with support and subpf , depends on the determination and efficiency that we are dealing with .

zugegebenermaßen haben reiche länder einen gewissen vorteil : sie profitieren von dem im allgemeinen gemäßigten klima mit regelmäßigem niederschlag und relativ niedrigem dürre- und überschwemmungsrisiko .
granted , rich countries have a certain advantage : they benefit from generally moderate climates , with regular rainfall and relatively low risks of drought and flooding .
admittedly , rich countries have a certain advantage : they benefit from the climate in general , with regular decline and relatively low drought and flood risk .
admittedly , rich countries have a certain advantage : they benefit from the climate in general , with regular setbacks and relatively low drought and flooding risk .

es wird heutzutage oft behauptet , das solidaritätsgefühl der europäischen union wurde durch deren erweiterung und die aufnahme von ländern aus mittel- und osteuropa in gefahr gebracht , wenn nicht überhaupt ganz zerstört .
nowadays it is often alleged that the european union &apos;s sense of solidarity was put in jeopardy , if not shattered outright , by its enlargement to take in the countries of central and eastern europe .
it is often claimed today that the european union &apos;s sense of solidarity has been put at risk by its enlargement and the inclusion of countries from central and eastern europe if not completely destroyed .
today , it is often claimed that the european union &apos;s solidarity feeling has been threatened by enlargement and the inclusion of countries from central and eastern europe , if not completely destroyed at all .

viele von uns sind der ansicht , dass ein derart unmögliches bemühen nur von einem vom schicksal begünstigten zum erfolg geführt werden kann , mit allen hoffnungen -- und risiken -- , die dies birgt .
many of us believe that such an impossible wager can be fulfilled only by a providential man , with all the hopes -- and dangers -- that this entails .
many of us believe that such an impossible effort can only be achieved by the fate of beneficiaries , with all the hopes - and risks - that this entails .
many of us believe that such an impossible effort can only be achieved by one of the fate of beneficiaries , with all hopes and risks .

wer allerdings afrikas dörfer besucht , der erkennt , dass die probleme mehr mit dem kampf ums überleben unter schwierigen natürlichen bedingungen zu tun haben als mit irgendwelchen besonderen problemen , wie allein afrikanische gesellschaften sie haben .
but a visit to africa &apos;s villages makes clear that the problems have more to do with the struggle for survival under difficult physical conditions than with any special problems that are unique to african societies .
however , those who visit africa &apos;s villages recognise that the problems are more to do with the fight against survival under difficult natural conditions than with any particular problems , such as african societies alone .
anyone who visited africa &apos;s villages , however , recognises that the problems have more to do with the fight against survival under difficult natural conditions than with any particular problems , such as african societies alone .

natürlich gibt es in russland noch viel mehr schlagzeilenträchtige beispiele für probleme in den bereichen politische freiheit und menschenrechte , wie den lokalen krieg in tschetschenien oder die yukos-affäre .
of course , russia provides far more headline-grabbling examples of political and human rights problems , such as the low-grade war in chechnya or the yukos affair .
there are , of course , much more powerful examples of problems in the area of political freedom and human rights in russia , such as local war in chechnya or the bank kos-all affair .
of course , there are still much more headlines in russia for problems in the areas of political freedom and human rights , such as the local war in chechnya or the kurdish affair .

neben seiner momentanen rolle in der sicherung traditionellerer konzepte der internationalen sicherheit sollte der sicherheitsrat explizit für , , humanitäre sicherheit &quot; verantwortlich sein und auch mit der kompetenz zum schutz dieser sicherheit ausgestattet werden .
the council should be made explicitly responsible for &quot; human security &quot; and be given a responsibility to protect it , in addition to its current role in safeguarding more traditional notions of international security .
in addition to its current role in safeguarding the traditional concepts of international security , the security council should be explicitly responsible for , humanitarian security and also with the competence to protect this security .
in addition to its current role in safeguarding traditional concepts of international security , the security council should be explicitly responsible for , humanitarian security , and also with the competence to protect this safety .

einige der probleme der politischen rechten in mitteleuropa ähneln denen der politischen rechten anderswo in europa , wo sozialdemokratische parteien viele vormals liberale ideen monopolisieren , um das politische zentrum zu besetzen .
some problems faced by central europe &apos;s right are similar to those the political right faces elsewhere in europe , where social democratic parties expropriated many formerly liberal ideas to seize a monopoly of the political center .
some of the problems of political rights in central europe are similar to those of political rights elsewhere in europe , where social democratic parties are putting forward many more liberal ideas to put the political centre in place .
some of the problems of political rights in central europe are similar to those of the political rights in europe elsewhere , where the socialist party of the party of european socialists is putting forward a great deal of liberal ideas in order to put the political centre in place .

der begriff , , internationale beziehungen &quot; basiert auf dem konzept der westfälischen ordnung souveräner nationalstaaten , das seinerseits die durch persönliche lehnstreue zu einem könig definierte mittelalterliche gemeinschaftsordnung ablöste .
the term &quot; international relations &quot; assumes the westphalian order of commitments among sovereign nation states , which replaced the medieval order of communities defined by personal fealty to a king .
the concept of &apos; international relations &apos; is based on the concept of the western constitutional order of sovereign nation states , which , on the one hand , is the most remote community order , defined by personal tendering .
the concept , international relations &apos; is based on the concept of the western order of sovereign nation states , which , on the one hand , abusive the community order defined by personal contracts to a king .

so mächtig die usa auch sind , gibt es doch wenig , was sie nicht noch besser mit der aktiven beteiligung anderer bewerkstelligen könnten , egal , ob die partner nun regierungen , internationale organisationen oder nicht-regierungsorganisationen sind .
for all of america &apos;s power , there is little that the us can do in the world that it can &apos;t do better with the active participation of others , be they governments , international organizations , or non-governmental organizations .
the united states is so powerful , but there is little that it could do with the active participation of others , regardless of whether the partners are now governments , international organisations or non-government organisations .
the united states is so powerful , but there is little to do with the active participation of other candidates , regardless of whether the partners are now , international organisations or non-government organisations .

grundlage für unsere analyse waren die vom haushaltsbüro des kongresses offen kommunizierten kosten von 500 milliarden dollar , ein betrag , der noch immer zehn mal höher ist , als die summe von der die regierung ursprünglich sprach .
our analysis starts with the $ 500 billion that the congressional budget office openly talks about , which is still ten times higher than what the administration said the war would cost .
on the basis of our analysis , the costs of usd 500 billion , which were openly communicated by the congress &apos;s budgetary office , were a sum that is still ten times higher than the amount originally originally said by the government .
the basis for our analysis was the cost of usd 500 billion , which was open by the congress &apos;s budget office , which is still ten times higher than the sum of the government originally mentioned by the government .

in einer welt , die nach vom schicksal begünstigten führern sucht , ist der fall ariel sharon gleichermaßen beispielhaft wie paradox , denn dieser universelle mann bleibt eine der kontroversesten figuren der letzten jahrzehnte .
in a world searching for providential leaders , the case of ariel sharon is both symbolic and paradoxical , for this universal man remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades .
the case of ariel sharon is equally exemplary , as is paradoxical , because this universal man remains one of the most controversial of the last few decades .
the case of ariel sharon is just like paradoxical , because this universal man remains one of the most controversial locations of the last decades .

doch in der realität -- und hier können zypern , bosnien und das kosovo als beispiele dienen -- kann dasselbe ziel manchmal sogar ohne formale abkommen durch stabilisierung und die langsame deeskalation der gewalt erreicht werden .
but in the real world -- and cyprus , bosnia , and kosovo may be examples -- stabilization and the slow de-escalation of violence can sometimes achieve the same end , even without formal agreement .
however , in reality - and here cyprus , bosnia and kosovo can serve as examples - the same objective can sometimes even be achieved without formal agreements through stabilisation and the slow escalation of violence .
however , in reality - and here , cyprus , bosnia and kosovo can serve as examples - the same objective can sometimes be achieved without formal agreements through stabilisation and the slow escalation of violence .

in diesem sinne bringt die unctad-undp konferenz , , regieren in asien : unterstützung der konkurrenzfähigkeit in einer globalen wirtschaft &quot; in diesem monat politische führungskräfte aus ganz asien zusammen , um die herausforderungen an das regieren zu erörtern , vor denen asien steht .
in this spirit , this month &apos;s unctad-undp conference-- &quot; governance in asia : underpinning competitiveness in a global economy &quot; --will bring together policy-makers from across asia to discuss the governance challenges that asia faces .
in this sense , the unexpected conference , governance , governance in asia : support for competitive capacity in a global economy &apos; in this month &apos;s political leaders from the whole of asia to discuss the challenges of governance facing asia .
in this sense , the unsigned conference , governance in asia : support for competitiveness in a global economy this month of political leaders from the whole of asia to discuss the challenges facing asia .

die erste versuchung , charakteristisch für verängstigte gesellschaften , ist es , sich überstürzt so genannte &quot; traditionelle werte &quot; zu eigen zu machen , die einen rückzug von der welt , abschluss nach außen , intoleranz und sogar hass implizieren .
the first temptation , characteristic of frightened societies , is a rush to embrace so-called &quot; traditional &quot; values , with their implications of withdrawal , closure , intolerance , and even hatred .
the first temptation , which is typical of vulnerable societies , is to take over what is known as &apos; traditional values &apos; , which implies a withdrawal from the world , conclusion to outside , intolerance and even hatred .
the first temptation to enrich societies is to take into account what is known as &apos; traditional values &apos; , which implies a withdrawal from the world , conclusion to outside , intolerance and even hatred .

zwei der drei psychologischen gründe deuten auf eine fortgesetzte aufwärtsdynamik bei den eigenheimpreisen hin , während der dritte nahe legt , dass diese dynamik eines tages zu ende gehen wird , wobei nicht genau definiert ist , wann das sein wird .
two of the three psychological causes suggest continued upward momentum in housing prices , while the third suggests that the momentum will come to an end some day , but does not pinpoint when .
two of the three psychological reasons show that there is a continuing upward dynamic in terms of own prices , while the third point is that this dynamic will end one day , and not exactly when it will be .
two of the three psychological reasons indicate that there is a continued growth in domestic prices , while the third point is that this dynamic will end one day , and it is not precisely defined when it will be .

in san francisco beispielsweise unterhält die symphony ein mit 23 millionen dollar dotiertes projekt namens keeping score , zu dem auch fernsehsendungen , radioprogramme , interaktive musikerziehung und musikprogramme in schulen gehören .
in san francisco , for example , the symphony runs a $ 23 million privately funded project -- called keeping score -- that includes a national public television series , radio shows , interactive music learning , and school music programs .
for example , in san francisco , the cisco subsistence hony is a project of 23 million dollars of the animal , called steering , including television broadcasts , radio programmes , interactive music education and music programmes in schools .
for example , in san francisco , the hony hony is keeping a project with 23 million dollars on the name of information , including television programmes , radio programmes , interactive music education and music programmes in schools .

obwohl politiker rechts vom zentrum formal traditionelle ideologien annehmen , wie zum beispiel den liberalismus oder den konservatismus , verstehen ihre wähler , die mit den westlichen politischen philosophien nicht vertraut sind , oft nicht , welche inhalte hinter diesen begriffen stehen .
although right-of-center politicians in central european countries formally embrace traditional ideologies , for example , liberalism or conservatism , their electorates , unfamiliar with western political philosophies , do not always understand the real meaning of those terms .
despite the fact that politicians are right from the centre of formally traditional ideologies , such as liberalism or conservative fanaticism , their voters who are not familiar with western politics often do not understand the content behind these concepts .
although politicians accept the right from the centre of formal traditional ideologies , such as liberalism or the conservatives , they understand their voters who are not familiar with western political groups , often do not understand what content are behind them .

das versäumnis der federal reserve , die zinsen eher anzuheben , stellt daher eine wichtige lehre für die europäische zentralbank dar : nach einer langen phase der geldstabilität bei ungewöhnlich niedrigen zinssätzen kann es gefährliche folgen haben , wenn man zu lange wartet , die zinsen auf ein normaleres und angemesseneres niveau anzuheben .
the fed &apos;s failure to raise rates earlier thus holds a powerful lesson for the european central bank : after a prolonged period of monetary stability at unusually low interest rates , waiting too long to raise rates to more normal and appropriate levels holds dangerous consequences .
the failure of the federal reserve to raise interest rates is therefore an important lesson for the european central bank : after a long phase of monetary stability in unusually low interest rates , it can have dangerous consequences if we wait too long to raise interest rates to a more normal and appropriate level .
the failure of the federal reserve to raise interest rates is therefore an important lesson for the european central bank : after a long phase of monetary stability in unusually low interest rates , it can have dangerous consequences if we wait too long for interest rates to be increased to a normal and more appropriate level .

die erfahrung lehrt , dass ein angemessenes wachstumsprogramm in zwei strategien verankert sein muss : in einer investitionsstrategie , die so angelegt ist , dass sie das wachstum in kurzer zeit ankurbelt , und in einer strategie zum aufbau solcher institutionen , die der wirtschaft angesichts widriger schocks elastizität verleihen .
the record suggests that an adequate growth program needs to be anchored in two strategies : an investment strategy designed to kick-start growth in the short term , and an institution-building strategy designed to provide an economy with resilience in the face of adverse shocks .
experience shows that an adequate growth programme must be enshrined in two strategies : in an investment strategy that is designed in such a way as to stimulate growth in a short space of time , and in a strategy for the construction of such institutions , which will give the economy an unwarranted azism in the face of shocks .
experience shows that an appropriate growth programme must be enshrined in two strategies : in an investment strategy , which is designed to stimulate growth in a short time , and in a strategy to build up such institutions , which give the economy an enormous amount of confidence in the face of illegal shocks .

auf israelischer seite wäre ein weiterer abzug aus dutzenden von isolierten und kleinen siedlungen im westjordanland politisch machbar , was mit der umsiedlung von 20.000 bis 30.000 siedlern verbunden wäre . dadurch würden die palästinenser ein angrenzendes gebiet im westjordanland erhalten .
on the israeli side , further disengagement from dozens of isolated and small settlements on the west bank , entailing the evacuation of between 20,000 and 30,000 settlers , may be politically feasible and would give the palestinians a contiguous territory on the west bank .
on the israeli side , a further withdrawal from dozens of isolated and small settlements in the west bank would be politically feasible , which would be accompanied by the transfer of 20000 , 30 , 000 settlers , which would give the palestinians a border area in the west bank .
on the israeli side , a further withdrawal from dozens of isolated and small settlements in the west bank would be politically feasible , which would be linked to the transfer of between 2030 000 and 30 000 settings , which would give palestinians a border area in the west bank .

neben dem fehlen einer angemessenen zivil- und sicherheitspräsenz , die jeder volksgruppe das gefühl der sicherheit vermittelt hätte , führte der insgesamt herrschende mangel an rechtlichen mechanismen , um für eine rechtliche aufarbeitung der während und nach der intervention begangenen verbrechen zu sorgen , zu zusätzlichen spannungen .
in addition to the lack of an adequate civilian and security presence to reassure every community of its safety , the overall lack of legal mechanisms to deliver swift justice for crimes committed during and after the intervention created additional tension .
in addition to the lack of an adequate civil and security senate , which would have given each group the feeling of security , the overall lack of legal mechanisms to ensure that the crimes committed during and after the intervention have been carried out , has resulted in additional tensions .
in addition to the lack of an adequate civil and security service , which each ethnic group had given the feeling of security , the total lack of legal mechanisms in order to ensure that the crimes committed during and after the intervention of the crime have been brought up .

für eine wasserinvestitionspolitik , die die wehrlosigkeit der armen verringert und grundlegende wassersicherheit für alle bietet , sind eine maßgeschneiderte planung und eine erfolgreiche partnerschaft zwischen den geberländern , den regierungen der entwicklungsländer , dem privaten sektor und den gemeinden vor ort erforderlich .
a water investment policy that reduces the vulnerability of the poor and offers basic water security for all will require customized planning and an effective partnership of donor countries , developing country governments , the private sector , and local communities .
a moderate planning and successful partnership between donor countries , the governments of developing countries , the private sector , the private sector and the local communities are needed in order to reduce the insecurity of the poor and provide basic water security for all .
there is a gradual planning and a successful partnership between the donor countries , the governments of developing countries , the private sector , the private sector and local communities on the ground .

was wir jedoch wollen , ist eine strukturierte kooperation - was bedeutet , dass einige europäische staaten den ausbau der europäischen verteidigungskapazitäten vorantreiben können - , weil wir nicht bereit sind , uns durch die vorsichtigeren und zögerlicheren eine wiederholung der tragödie der 1990er jahre auf dem balkan aufzwingen zu lassen : damals waren die europäer nicht in der lage , zu handeln , und die amerikaner taten es ( eine zeit lang ) nicht .
but we want structured co-operation - meaning that some european states may press ahead in defense capacity - because we are not prepared to let the more cautious and hesitant dictate a recurrence of the balkan tragedy of the 1990 &apos;s , when europeans couldn &apos;t act and americans wouldn &apos;t ( for a while ) .
however , what we want is structured cooperation - which means that some european states can push ahead with the development of european defence capacities - because we are not prepared to force ourselves through the more cautious and hesitant tragedy of the 1990s in the balkans : europeans were unable to act at the time , to act , to act and to act for a long time ( the americans ) .
however , what we want is a structured cooperation - which means that some european states can push ahead with the development of european defence capacities - because we are not prepared to impose a more cautious and more hesitant effect on the tragedy of the 1990s in the balkans : at that time europeans were unable to act in the situation of the situation , and the americans are not working for a period of time ) .

angefangen im epizentrum in bentonville , arkansas , wo sam walton 1962 sein erstes geschäft eröffnete , haben sich die riesigen , kastenförmigen wal-mart-geschäfte bis heute so stark vermehrt , dass der durchschnittsamerikaner weniger als sieben kilometer von einer verkaufsstelle entfernt wohnt .
starting at the epicenter in bentonville , arkansas , where sam walton opened his first store in 1962 , giant boxy wal-mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average american lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , mr president of the commission , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , mr president of the commission , ladies and gentlemen , mr president of the commission , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , mr president of the commission , mr president of the commission , mr president-in-office of the commission , mr president of the commission , mr president of the commission , mr president of the commission , ladies and gentlemen , mr president of the commission , mr president-in-office of the commission .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , when , first of all , he opened his business in 1962 , the vast castt married , has been so much more today , that the average of tzambique is less than a distance from one another from one another from one another in the epidemizonlle centre .

