polens rechte stellt den schwierigsten fall dar .
poland &apos;s right poses the most difficult case .
poland &apos;s rights are the most difficult case .
poland &apos;s rights are the most difficult case .

eine solche behörde gibt es in großbritannien .
such an office exists in the united kingdom .
there is such an authority in britain .
there is such an authority in britain .

wahlen : die letzte chance für venezuela
elections are venezuela &apos;s last chance
elections : the last chance for venezuela
elections : the last chance for venezuela

konsolidierung jedoch ist keine reform .
consolidation , however , is not reform .
however , consolidation is not a reform .
however , consolidation is not a reform .

niemand will dies .
no one wants this .
no one wants this .
no one wants this .

entfremdete und arbeitslose jugendliche geben überall anlass zur unruhe .
alienated and unemployed youth are a concern everywhere .
remote and unemployed young people are giving cause for concern everywhere .
the unemployed and unemployed young people are cause for concern everywhere .

unterdessen scheinen freihandelsverhandlungen die geschichtlichen trends zu ignorieren .
meanwhile , free-trade negotiations seem to ignore historical trends .
meanwhile , free trade negotiations seem to ignore the historical trends .
meanwhile , free trade negotiations appear to ignore historical trends .

daher sollten diese beweise von unabhängigen experten der uno überprüft werden .
for this reason , independent un experts should assess any evidence that is uncovered .
that is why this evidence should be reviewed by independent experts from the un .
that is why this evidence of independent experts from the un should be reviewed .

die haltung der usa gegenüber der welt ist nicht einheitlich .
the us does not have a &quot; one size fits all &quot; approach to the world .
the united states &apos;s attitude towards the world is not uniform .
the united states &apos;s attitude towards the world is not uniform .

ihr selbstvertrauen kann ansteckend sein .
their self-confidence can be infectious .
their self-confidence can be anchored .
their self-confidence can be anchored .

auch wird so leicht keine weitere schicksalsbegünstigte figur auftauchen .
nor will the emergence of another providential figure come easily .
nor will there be any more schizhsms in the same way .
nor will there be any other shield trampled .

auf der website des australischen ökonomen john quiggin (
the australian economist john quiggin has an illuminating discussion on his website (
on the website of the austrian economy , john quiggin (
john quiggin &apos;s website on the austral economy website (

die amerikanischen streitkräfte sind ein wesentlicher bestandteil dessen , was die usa international leistet .
america &apos;s armed forces are an essential background to much of what the us accomplishes internationally .
the american armed forces are an essential part of what the us is doing internationally .
the american armed forces are an essential part of what the united states is doing internationally .

die europäer müssen allerdings zugeben , dass diese personen eine kleine minderheit darstellen .
but europeans must admit that these individuals represent a small minority .
however , europeans must admit that these people are a small minority .
however , europeans must admit that these people are a small minority .

ein auffälliges beispiel hierfür existiert bereits : die filmproduktion .
a conspicuous example already exists in the movie production industry .
there is already a striking example of this : film production .
an example of this is already in place : film production .

· aufsichtsämter benötigen die befugnis durchzugreifen , so dass strengere vorschriften umgesetzt werden können .
· regulatory agencies need enforcement authority so that stricter rules can be implemented ;
on behalf of the verts / ale group , it is necessary to use the power to ensure that stricter rules can be implemented .
in order to ensure that stricter rules can be implemented more stringent .

wechselkursstabilität ist , solange ein land im reformprozess steckt , sein wichtigster rückhalt .
exchange rate stability is the key anchor when a country &apos;s reform process is underway .
the stability of exchange rates is , as long as a country is in the process of reform , its most important backbone .
exchange rate stability is , as long as a country is in the reform process , its most important return .

wal-mart und seinesgleichen sind ein zentrales merkmal der modernen globalisierungsära .
wal-mart and its ilk are a central feature of the modern era of globalization .
wal-mart and the same is a central feature of the modern globalisation era .
wal-mart and esdp are a central feature of the modern globalisation era .

die franzosen und holländer gaben keine gründe an , warum sie gegen die geplante verfassung stimmten .
french and dutch voters did not say why they voted against the planned constitution .
the french and dutch did not explain why they voted against the planned constitution .
the french and dutch had no reasons why they voted against the planned constitution .

zunächst hatte es auch den anschein , als ob die britische regierung wirklich so vorgehen würde .
at first , this seemed to be the british government &apos;s chosen tactic .
first of all , it would appear that the british government would really act in this way .
first of all , it would seem that the british government really would do so .

ein problem dabei ist , dass die konsequenzen für die vernachlässigung der arzneimittelsicherheit ausbleiben oder minimal sind .
one problem is that the consequences for neglecting drug safety are non-existing or minimal .
one problem is that the consequences for the neglect of the safety of medicines remain or are minimal .
a problem is that the consequences for the failure to ignore the safety of medicines remain or are minimal .

das militär bezahlt invalidenrenten , die allerdings erheblich unter dem wert entgangener verdienste liegen .
but the military pays disability benefits that are markedly lower than the value of lost earnings .
the armed forces pay invalid pensions , which are , however , significantly below the value of deaf services .
the military pay for invalid pensions , which are , however , considerably below the value of abducted services .

diese sehnsucht nach vom schicksal begünstigten männern oder frauen in unserem globalen zeitalter beruht auf drei faktoren .
this yearning for providential men or women in our global age results from at least three factors .
these seals are based on three factors following the fate of beneficiaries of men or women in our global age .
it is based on three factors in our global age on the fate of the beneficiaries of men or women .

reformen , die auf einem schauplatz erfolgreich arbeiten , können auf einem anderen schlecht funktionieren oder völlig versagen .
reforms that succeed in one setting may perform poorly or fail completely in others .
reforms that are successful in a transparent place can work in another bad way or completely fail .
reforms that work successfully on a take place can function in another bad way or completely fail .

wenn es solche präzisen gesetze gäbe , wäre chodorkowsky womöglich nicht in derartigen schwierigkeiten .
khodorkovsky might not be in as much trouble if such precise laws existed .
if there were such precise laws , hodorkovsky would not be in such difficulties .
if such precise laws were put in place , chodorkovsky would perhaps not be in such difficulties .

das amerikanische haushaltsdefizit beträgt momentan 455 mrd. dollar , also 4,1 % des bip .
america &apos;s government budget deficit now stands at $ 455 billion , 4.1 % of gdp .
the american budget deficit is currently usd 455 billion , in other words 4.1 % of gdp .
the american budget deficit is currently 455 billion dollars , that is to say 4.1 % of gdp .

die eile , mit der neue medikamente auf den markt gebracht werden , führt oft zu unzureichenden sicherheitshinweisen .
the rush to get new drugs to market often leads to inadequate safety documentation .
the eggs , with the new medicines being placed on the market , often lead to inadequate safety standards .
the eggs with which new medicines are produced on the market often lead to inadequate safety standards .

sollte die eu die beitrittskriterien als erfüllt betrachten , muss anfang des jahres 2005 die entscheidung zur aufnahme von beitrittsverhandlungen fallen .
should the eu consider the accession criteria as having been fulfilled , it must decide to open negotiations in early 2005 .
if the eu considers the accession criteria to be met , the decision to start accession negotiations must be taken at the beginning of 2005 .
if the eu considers the accession criteria to be met , the decision to include accession negotiations must be taken at the beginning of 2005 .

andere sprechen davon , wie wichtig es sei , sich an die , , spielregeln`<unk> zu halten .
others talk of the importance of obeying the ``rules of the game . &apos; &apos;
others are talking about how important it is to stick to the fact that toys are being held .
others talk about how important it is to stick to the rule of law .

dieser gewaltsame ansatz ist nicht nur für die siedler traumatisch , sondern auch für viele andere israelis .
this forcible approach is traumatic not only for the settlers , but also for many other israelis .
this violent approach is not only for the settlers , but also for many other israelis .
this violent approach is not only for the setting-up of thousands of israelis , but also for many other israelis .

china , indien und andere entwicklungsländer können das heute nicht , und es wäre ungerecht , sie dafür zu bestrafen .
today , china , india , and other developing countries cannot , and it would be unfair to penalize them for that .
china , india and other developing countries cannot do so today , and it would be unfair to punish them .
china , india and other developing countries cannot do this today and it would be unfair to punish them .

das geldmengenwachstum liegt bereits seit einiger zeit deutlich über den zielwerten , ein anzeichen für einen liquiditätsüberschuss .
money-supply growth has been well above target levels for some time now , indicating excess liquidity .
monetary growth has been very clear for some time about the target values , a sign of liquidity surpluses .
monetary growth has already been clearly over the target values for some time , a sign of liquidity surplus .

kurz gesagt , sie befürchten , dass sich ohne eine erhöhung von produktion oder beschäftigung unterm strich lediglich ein anstieg der armut ergibt .
in short , they fear that , with no expansion of output or employment , the net effect will simply be an increase in poverty .
in short , you fear that , without an increase in production or employment , poverty will only increase .
in short , you fear that , without an increase in production or employment , there is only one increase in poverty .

auf der amerikanischen seite des atlantiks wird die nützlichkeit dieser automatischen finanzstabilisatoren nicht in frage gestellt .
on the american side of the atlantic , the usefulness of these automatic fiscal stabilizers is unchallenged .
on the american side of the atlantic , the usefulness of this automatic financial stabilisers will not be called into question .
on the american side of the atlantic , the usefulness of these automatic financial stabilisers is not called into question .

es ist schwieriger , weil jeweiligen wachstumsbeschränkungen üblicherweise landesspezifisch sind und auf standardisierte rezepte nicht gut reagieren .
it is harder because the binding constraints on growth are usually country-specific and do not respond well to standardized recipes .
it is more difficult because individual restrictions on growth are usually national specific fish and do not react well to standardised recipes .
it is more difficult because each country &apos;s growth restrictions are usually specific and do not react well to standardisation .

derartige anpassungen werden wahrscheinlich in den nächsten jahrzehnten ohnehin stattfinden , aber erst nach langen verzögerungen und mit vielen ungerechtigkeiten .
such adjustments will probably happen anyway in the coming decades , but only after a long lag and with many inequities in the process .
such adjustments will probably take place in the next few decades , but only after long delays and many injustices .
such adjustments will probably take place in the next few decades , but only after long delays and many injustices .

es gibt andererseits kaum hinweise darauf , dass die freigabe der kapitalkonten eine nennenswerte auswirkung auf das wachstum eines landes hat .
there is , however , little evidence that capital account convertibility has a meaningful impact on a country &apos;s growth rate .
on the other hand , there is hardly any indication that the release of capital accounts has a significant impact on the growth of a country .
on the other hand , there is hardly any indication that the release of capital accounts has a significant impact on the growth of a country .

die regierungsumbildung vom november , die kanaan und andere ins kabinett brachte , wurde als ausdruck der wünsche assads betrachtet .
the reshuffle last november that brought kanaan and others into the cabinet was seen to reflect assad &apos;s preferences .
the formation of government in november , which led to canada and others in cabinet , was regarded as an expression of the wishes of the tide .
the governance of november , the canadian and other cabin cabinet , was regarded as a expression of the wishes of the assault .

weil aber indien immer noch ein handelsdefizit beibehält , könnte die rupie aufgrund irgendwelcher widriger schocks unter druck geraten .
because india is still running a trade deficit , there could be some pressure on the rupee following any negative shock .
however , because india continues to maintain a trade deficit , the unscrupulous effect could be put under pressure due to any illegal shocks .
however , because india still continues to maintain a trade deficit , the crux could be put under pressure on any illegal shocks .

am 18. april wird eine konferenz in bangkok die perspektiven für die verbesserung des regierungsstils in asien zerpflücken .
failure is punished by unrest , disaffection , and stagnation . on april 18
on 18 april , a conference in bangkok will give rise to the prospects for improving governance in asia .
on 18 april , a conference in bangkok will undermine the prospects for improving the government in asia .

selbst heute sind die einkommensungleichheiten in lateinamerika höher als anderswo auf der welt und spiegeln die alten muster der ethnischen trennungen wider .
even today , income inequality in latin america is among the highest in the world , reflecting the old patterns of ethnic and racial division .
today , even today , income inequalities in latin america are higher than elsewhere in the world and reflect the old design of ethnic divisions .
even today , the income inequalities in latin america are higher than elsewhere in the world and reflect the old model of ethnic division .

es steht nun hinreichend fest , dass die nationalen regierungen ( vor allem diejenigen der großen länder ) substanzielle einschränkungen ihrer haushaltspolitischen entscheidungsmacht niemals akzeptieren werden .
it is now abundantly clear that national governments ( especially those of large countries ) will never accept substantial limitations on their fiscal discretion .
it is now sufficiently clear that national governments ( especially those of the large countries ) will never accept substantial restrictions on their budgetary power .
it is now clear that the national governments ( in particular those of the large countries ) will never accept substantial restrictions on their budgetary decision-making power .

im gegensatz zu früheren wahlkämpfen in denen regionale auffassungsunterschiede dominierten , waren diesmal generationskonflikte der bestimmende faktor im präsidentschaftswahlkampf .
indeed , generational differences were the deciding factor in the race , replacing the regional sentiments that dominated every presidential race before this one .
contrary to the previous election campaign , regional differences were dominated , this time , by generational conflicts of votes in the presidential election campaign .
unlike the previous election campaign in which regional differences of dominance have been dominated , this time there were generational conflicts of votes in the presidential election campaign .

diese drohung ist zwar nicht glaubwürdig ( russlands interessen würden durch einen solchen schritt am stärksten in mitleidenschaft gezogen ) , hat doch eine gewisse logik .
while this threat lacks credibility ( it would harm russian interests most ) it has a certain logic .
although this threat is not credible ( russia &apos;s interests would be hardest hit by such a step ) , it has a certain logic .
although this threat is not credible ( russia &apos;s interests would be the most affected by such a step ) , it has a certain logic .

am sichersten fühlen sich die menschen , wenn sie in ein eigenheim investieren und es gibt keinen grund eine bevorstehende änderung dieser tendenz zu erwarten .
people feel safest investing in their homes , and there is little reason to expect imminent change .
the most secure people feel that if they invest in their own home and there is no reason to expect an upcoming change in this trend .
the most secure people feel that if they invest in their own homes and there is no reason to expect a forthcoming change of this trend .

druck von den befreundeten nationen kann beide seiten dazu bewegen , diese letzte chance zu nutzen , um eine politische und wirtschaftliche katastrophe zu verhindern .
pressure from the group of friendly nations may induce both sides to accept this last chance to avoid a political and economic meltdown .
pressure from the friendly nations can encourage both sides to take advantage of this last opportunity to prevent a political and economic disaster .
pressure from the friendly nations can move both sides to use this last opportunity to prevent a political and economic disaster .

für indien ist es also lebenswichtig , unabhängig davon , ob die kapitalkonten frei oder gebunden sind , den zustrom von langfristig angelegtem kapital zu steigern .
so it is vital for india to increase the inward flow of long-term capital , regardless of whether the capital account is closed or open .
it is therefore vital for india , regardless of whether the capital accounts are free or bound to increase the flow of long-term capital .
it is therefore vital for india , regardless of whether the capital accounts are free or linked to increasing the flow of capital from long-term capital .

das erste problem besteht bereits seit jahrhunderten : die sozialen trennlinien reichen zurück bis zur eroberung des amerikanischen kontinents durch die europäer im sechzehnten jahrhundert .
the first has been around for centuries : the social divisions that trace their origins back to the european conquest over native americans in the sixteenth century .
the first problem has been facing for centuries : the social divisions are lagging behind until the american continent is erupted by the europeans in the sixteen century .
the first problem has already been in place for centuries : the social lines are rich to the top of the american continent by europeans in the sixteen century .

linksgerichtete parteien waren in verschiedenen zentraleuropäischen ländern tatsächlich die erfolgreicheren reformer , weil sie , paradoxerweise , in dieser hinsicht eine größere glaubwürdigkeit besitzen .
leftist parties in various central european countries , indeed , have often turned out to be more successful in reforming because they , paradoxically , have greater legitimacy in this respect .
in various central european countries , left-wing parties were actually the more successful reformers because they , paradoxically , have greater credibility in this respect .
in various central european countries , political parties were actually the more successful reform , because they are paradoxical , in this respect , more credibility .

die verbindungen wurden zwar durch die vierzig jahre sowjetherrschaft auf eine harte probe gestellt , aber der europäische charakter dieser länder wurde dadurch nicht grundlegend verändert .
the ties that bind us together were frayed by forty years of soviet domination , but this did not fundamentally change these states &apos; european character .
the links have been put on a hard test by the forty years of soviet therein , but the european nature of these countries has not been radically changed .
the links have been brought to a hard test by the fourty years of soviet therein , but the european nature of these countries has not been radically changed .

alle sollten anstreben , dass das heutige , ungeteilte europa auf diesen errungenschaften aufbaut , anstatt dass diese von mehreren generationen hoher arbeitslosigkeit aufs spiel gesetzt werden .
everyone should want today &apos;s undivided europe to build on these accomplishments , rather than for generations of high unemployment to jeopardize them .
everyone should strive to ensure that today , undivided europe is based on these achievements , rather than that of several generations of high unemployment .
all should aim to ensure that today , undeclared europe is based on these achievements , instead of being put at risk by several generations of high unemployment .

· die strafen für das versäumnis der pharmaunternehmen , sicherheitsinformationen zu melden und weiterzuleiten , müssen dramatisch erhöht werden , wenn sie als wirksame abschreckung dienen sollen .
· penalties for drug companies &apos; failure to report and communicate safety information must be increased dramatically if they are to serve as effective deterrents ;
on the other hand , the penalties for the failure of the pharmaceutical companies to report and carry out safety formations must be increased dramatically if they are to serve as an effective deterrent .
the death penalty for the failure of pharmaceutical companies to report and pass on safety formations must be dramatically increased if they are to serve as an effective deterrent .

es ist zeit , dass alle wichtigen internationalen institutionen und nationalen regierungen die verantwortung dafür übernehmen , jene naturwissenschaftlichen und technologischen kompetenzen zu erwerben , die sie im 21. jahrhundert brauchen werden .
now is the time for every major international agency and national government to assume responsibility for gaining the scientific and technological expertise that they will need in the twenty-first century .
it is time for all important international institutions and national governments to take responsibility for acquiring the scientific and technological skills they need in the 21st century .
it is time for all the important international institutions and national governments to take responsibility for buying the natural scientific and technological skills they need in the 21st century .

selbst ohne tsunami wäre diese schuldenlast ein enormes hindernis für die entwicklung des landes gewesen , das sich noch immer von den letzten auswirkungen der finanzkrise im jahr 1997 erholt .
even without the tsunami , this debt burden would have been an enormous hindrance to the country &apos;s development as it finally recovers from the aftermath of the 1997 financial crisis .
even without tsunami , this debt burden would have been an enormous obstacle to the development of the country , which is still falling short of the last effects of the financial crisis in 1997 .
even without tsunami , this debt burden would have been an enormous obstacle to the development of the country , which is still recovering from the last effects of the financial crisis in 1997 .

so erscheint es den menschen z.b. , als seien strukturreformen in europa unmöglich -- so sie denn nicht von einer reinkarnation margaret thatchers durchgesetzt werden .
for example , structural reforms in europe are thought impossible to enact unless imposed by some reincarnation of margaret thatcher .
it seems to people , for example , that structural reforms in europe are impossible - because they are not enforced by a pure karim margaret thatcher .
it seems to people , for example , that structural reforms in europe are impossible - they are not imposed by a pure karl nation of margaret thatcher .

natürlich wird durch kürzungen der öffentlichen finanzierung im bereich der darstellenden kunst nicht nur die abhängigkeit von privatem geld größer , auch die kartenpreise müssen angehoben werden .
of course , with reduced public spending on the performing arts , not only will there be greater reliance on private money , but ticket prices will have to rise as well .
of course , cuts in public funding in the area of the art , will not only increase the dependence of private money , even the price of cartels must be increased .
of course , by reducing public funding in the field of art , it will not only increase the dependence of private money , including the price of carteners .

darüber hinaus wurde ein grundsätzlicher fehler in der wirtschaftspolitischen strategie zum größten teil übersehen , ein fehler , der offenbar wird , wenn man den hauptunterschied in den politischen diskussionen zwischen lateinamerika und asien betrachtet .
beyond this , a basic failure of economic strategy has been largely overlooked , one that is reflected in a major difference between public policy discussions in latin america and asia .
furthermore , a fundamental error in the economic policy strategy has been largely overlooked , a mistake which appears to be seen when one considers the main difference in the political discussions between latin america and asia .
moreover , a fundamental error in the economic policy strategy has been overlooked , a mistake that seems to be regarded as the main difference in the political discussions between latin america and asia .

im jahr darauf stellte man ihm hämoglobinkristalle von exzellenter qualität zur verfügung und perutz lieferte die bis dato besten röntgenbeugemuster .
the next year , he was given excellent hemoglobin crystals and soon produced the best x-ray diffraction patterns to date .
in the year , it was made available to him all of the chickens of excellent quality and perilors to the best sophisticated design .
in this year , he made him a shadows of excellent quality available to him by all of his excellent quality and performers , who have been able to use the best ruins .

kein land aber -- egal , ob arm oder reich -- ist begierig darauf , seinen energieverbrauch einzuschränken . alle fürchten , dass dies arbeitsplätze , einkommen und wirtschaftswachstum gefährden könnte .
yet no country , rich or poor , is keen to cut its energy use , owing to concern that to do so would threaten jobs , incomes , and economic growth .
however , no country - regardless of whether poor or rich - is concerned about restricting its energy consumption , and all fear that this could jeopardise jobs , income and economic growth .
however , no country - whether poor or rich - is beg to limit its energy consumption , all fear that this could jeopardise jobs , income and economic growth .

amerikas widerwille , kleine beträge bereitzustellen , um frieden zu schaffen , steht im scharfen gegensatz zu den riesigen summen , die der kongress schnell für das kriegführen freigab .
america &apos;s unwillingness to provide small sums to wage peace contrasts sharply with the huge amounts congress quickly granted to wage war .
america is opposed to the will to provide small sums to create peace , contrary to the huge sums that the congress is rapidly freeing for the war .
america &apos;s will to provide small sums to create peace is , in fact , contrary to the huge sums that the congress will quickly lead to the war .

der regierungstil - die art und weise wie entscheidungen von öffentlichem interesse gefällt werden - hat sich als ein schlüsselfaktor herausgestellt , der das entwicklungstempo eines landes bestimmt .
governance--the way in which decisions that affect the public interest are made--has emerged as a key factor in determining a country &apos;s pace of development .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the way in which decisions of public interest are taken has shown itself to be a key factor in the development of a country .
the government of government - the way in which decisions of public interest are taken - has proved to be a key factor that is determined by the development of a country .

er ist ein konservativer , der die freiheit liebt , ein , , friedenstreiber &quot; , der ungerechtigkeit verdammt , der uns aber daran erinnert , dass gnade wichtiger ist als gerechtigkeit .
he is a conservative who loves freedom and a &quot; peacemonger &quot; who condemns injustice , but who reminds us that mercy is more important than justice .
he is a conservative who is a freedom , a , peace strike , a &apos; injustice &apos; , but who reminds us that it is more important than justice .
he is a conservative who is in favour of freedom , a peace , peacekeeping , the injustice , but who reminds us that it is more important than justice .

die konsequenzen sind großzügige bonuszahlungen bei dienstzeitverlängerungen , bessere sonderleistungen und höhere rekrutierungskosten , die sich im kurzen zeitraum zwischen 2003 und 2005 um 20 % erhöht haben .
the result is large re-enlistment bonuses , improved benefits , and higher recruiting costs -- up 20 % just from 2003 to 2005 .
the consequences are generous bonus payments in time , better special services and higher recruitment costs , which increased by 20 % in the short period between 2003 and 2005 .
the consequences are generous bonus payments in services , better special services and higher training costs , which have increased by 20 % in the short period between 2003 and 2005 .

es lenkt die ezb ab und trägt zu dem eindruck bei , dass europa schlecht ist , und , noch wichtiger , von unfähigen regierungen als sündenbock für ihre fehler benutzt wird .
it distracts the ecb , adds to the impression that europe is bad , and , more importantly , will be used by ineffective governments as a scapegoat for their failings .
it gives the ecb the impression that europe is bad and , even more importantly , it is used by unworkable governments as a scapegoat for their mistakes .
it is the ecb &apos;s central bank and contributes to the impression that europe is bad , and , even more importantly , it is used by unworkable governments as scapegoat for its errors .

es ist nämlich nicht nur moralisch falsch , nationen und gemeinden dem gefühl auszusetzen , unerheblich und ohne stimme zu sein , sondern es ist auch ein weg hin zu frustrationen , wut und terrorismus .
for it is not only morally wrong to leave nations and communities feeling marginalized and without voice ; it is a recipe for frustration , rage , and terrorism .
in fact , it is not only morally wrong to suspend nations and communities with the feeling of being insignificant and without voting , but it is also a path towards frustrations , anger and terrorism .
in fact , it is not only morally wrong to suspend nations and communities from the feeling that they are insignificant and without a vote , but it is also a way of being frustrated , wreck and terrorism .

er nannte die sudetendeutschen hitlers &quot; fünfte kolonne &quot; und schlug vor , israel solle das palästinenserproblem mit der tschechischen methode von 1945 lösen : deportation .
he described the sudeten germans as hitler &apos;s &quot; fifth column &quot; and suggested that israel could solve its palestinian problem through resort to the czech method of 1945 : deportation .
he called the sudeteni hitler &apos; fifth colonne &apos; and suggested that israel should solve the palestinian problem with the czech method of 1945 : deportation .
he referred to the sun german hitler &apos; fifth colonne &apos; and proposed that israel should solve the palestinian problem with the czech method of 1945 : deportation .

genau wie chávez 1999 zweifelhafte konstitutionelle mittel benutzte , um eine veränderung herbeizuführen , sollte sich die internationale gemeinschaft jetzt auch nicht durch die aktuelle verfassung daran gehindert fühlen , eine krise zu beenden , die das land ruiniert .
as chávez used para-constitutional means to advance a desire for change in 1999 , so the international community should not be confined by the present constitution in pressing to resolve a crisis that is ruining the country .
just as chávez used dubious constitutional funds in 1999 to bring about change , the international community should not now feel prevented from ending a crisis that ruins the country by the current constitution .
just like chávez in 1999 , dubious constitutional funds were used to bring about a change , the international community should not now be prevented by the current constitution from ending a crisis that ruins the country .

in der demokratie geht es , in den worten des philosophen karl popper , darum , diejenigen , die an der macht sind , gewaltlos abberufen zu können ; demokratie funktioniert in diesem sinne durch versuch und irrtum .
democracy , in the words of the philosopher karl popper , is about being able to remove those in power without violence ; it is in this sense about trial and error .
in democracy , in the words of mr karl poet , it is about those who are in power to be able to renounce violence ; democracy is working in this sense by trying and wrong .
in democracy , in the words of the karl carl pot , it is about the way in which those who are in power can be used without violence ; democracy is working in this sense through an attempt and error .

so wird der auszuarbeitende bericht normalerweise auf eine web site gestellt und jeder einzelne und alle sind aufgefordert , vorschläge zu unterbreiten , das gilt für nicht-regierungs-organisationen ( ngos ) , gewerkschaften und andere vereinigungen der zivilen gesellschaft .
so the evolving report is usually put up on a web site and suggestions are invited from one and all--ngos , trade unions , and other organizations of civil society .
the report , which is usually being drawn up , is usually based on a project and is called on everyone and all of us to submit proposals that apply to non-government organisations ( ngos ) , trade unions and other civil society organisations .
this is the way in which the work report is usually placed on a basis and every individual and all are called upon to submit proposals for non-government organisations ( ngos ) , trade unions and other civil society associations .

während die regulierungsmechanismen des kyoto-protokolls und des programms für den europäischen emissionshandel zur etablierung eines aufstrebenden marktes für den handel mit emissionsrechten beitrugen , äußern sich interessierte gruppen besorgt über die unmittelbare zukunft .
while the regulatory mechanisms of both kyoto and the european trading scheme have contributed to the establishment of an emerging market for carbon trading , interested parties are now concerned about the immediate future .
during the regulatory mechanisms of the kyoto protocol and the programme for european emissions trading to establish an emerging market for trade in emissions rights , interested groups are concerned about the immediate future .
during the regulatory mechanisms of the kyoto protocol and the european emissions trading programme to establish a emerging market for trade in emission rights , the interested groups are concerned about the immediate future .

die reaktion der regierung auf diese bestrebungen wird ein wichtiger gradmesser dafür sein , ob und in welchem ausmaß die regierung putin beabsichtigt , menschenrechte und politische rechte in ihre so genannte &quot; diktatur des gesetzes &quot; aufzunehmen .
the government &apos;s response to these efforts will be an important indicator of whether and to what extent putin &apos;s administration intends to include human and political rights within its so-called &quot; dictatorship of law . &quot;
the response of the government to these aspirations will be an important test of whether and to what extent the putin government intends to include human rights and political rights in its so-called &apos; dictatorship of the law &apos; .
the government &apos;s response to these aspirations will be an important measure for whether or not the government intends to include human rights and political rights in its so-called &apos; dictatorship of the law &apos; .

ebenso wie menschen zunehmend die internationale prominenz bewundern , glauben sie , dass die berühmten wirtschafts- technologie- und kulturzentren - deren namen jedem überall geläufig sind - von einzigartigem wert sind .
just as people increasingly admire international celebrities , so they believe that world famous centers of business , technology , and culture - whose names are household words to people everywhere - are uniquely valuable .
you believe that the famous economic and cultural centres - the names of each of us all - are of unique value .
they believe that the famous economic and cultural centres - their names are all the same as people - are of unique value .

letztlich allerdings entschloss er sich , seinen urlaub zu unterbrechen und finanzielle hilfe anzubieten . in einem globalen wettbewerb , der versprach , jenen hilfe zugute kommen zu lassen , die sie am dringendsten benötigten , wurde die höhe dieser hilfszusagen immer wieder nach oben korrigiert .
but , in the end , he decided to interrupt his vacation and offer amounts of aid that were successively revised upwards , in a global competition which promised to benefit those who were desperate for help .
at the end of the day , however , he decided to suspend his leave and provide financial assistance , and in a global competition which promised to benefit those aid that they most need , the level of these commitments has always been corrected at the top of the top .
in the end , however , he decided to interrupt his leave and offer financial assistance , in a global competition that promised to benefit those who are most needed , the level of this aid has always been corrected .

europas zentralbanker befürchten , dass ihre politischen meister ihnen befehlen werden , die währungspolitik zu lockern , dass die zur freisetzung des gesamtangebots notwendigen strukturreformen ausbleiben und dass am ende eine rückkehr zur inflation der 70er jahre dabei herauskommt .
europe &apos;s central bankers fear that their political masters will order them to loosen monetary policy , that the structural reforms needed to free up aggregate supply will not be forthcoming , and that the result will be a return to the inflation of the 1970 &apos;s .
europe ’ s central banks fear that their political mayors will not be allowed to relax monetary policy , that the structural reforms needed to release the overall package will remain necessary and that , at the end of the day , a return to inflation of the 1970s will come to an end .
europe &apos;s central banks fear that their political mayors will be lacking in relaxation of monetary policy that the necessary structural reforms needed to release the whole range and that , at the end of the day , a return to inflation of the 70s will be removed .

anständig , besonnen , von hehren motiven geleitet und von der vorstellung beseelt , der uno-sicherheitsrat hätte alleine die autorität , den einsatz von gewalt zu legitimieren , protestierten millionen dagegen , den irak zur rechenschaft zu ziehen .
decent , thoughtful , high-minded , the millions who marched against holding iraq to account were catalyzed by the idea that only the un security council has the authority to legitimize the resort to force .
the united nations security council alone would have the authority to legitimately legitimised the use of force , protested millions to account for iraq .
the un security council alone would have the authority to justify the use of violence , protesting millions of people who have protested to account for iraq .

ohne auf die unmoral dieses krieges einzugehen - und er ist unmoralisch - möchte ich ihre aufmerksamkeit auf diese zunehmende fähigkeit und neigung lenken , wie demokratien mit der öffentlichen meinung , , spielen &quot; , ( das heißt , sie neutralisieren ) .
leaving aside the immorality of this war--and immoral it is--i wish to draw attention to this increasing ability and inclination of democracies to &quot; deal &quot; with ( meaning neutralize ) public opinion .
i would like to draw your attention to this increasing capacity and incalculation , as democracies with public opinion , &apos; play &apos; ( that is , neutral ) .
i would like to draw your attention to this growing capacity and nearer , such as democracies with public opinion , to play &apos; , and that is to say , neutral .

im hinblick auf zahlungen aus dem eu-budget war großbritannien in der vergangenheit der große verlierer , denn zwei drittel der gesamten eu-ausgaben flossen in die landwirtschaft . der britische agrarsektor war klein und deshalb fielen auch die zahlungen mager aus .
in the past , the big loser from the eu system , in budgetary terms , was the uk ; for while agriculture accounted for two thirds of all eu spending , the uk had a small farm sector , and therefore received small farm payments .
with regard to payments from the eu budget , britain has been the great losers in the past , because two thirds of the total eu expenditure has been in agriculture , and the british agricultural sector has been small , and that is why the payments have also been made .
as regards payments from the eu budget , britain has been the great losers in the past , because two thirds of the total eu expenditure was in agriculture , and the british agricultural sector was small , and that is why the payments were also paid for .

obwohl die arbeitsrichtlinien von wal-mart vollkommen legal sind , weisen studien darauf hin , dass sie schlupflöcher im gesetz ausnutzen , z. b. um die last der krankenversicherungskosten für viele arbeitnehmer zu umgehen ( wal-mart versorgt weniger als die hälfte seiner mitarbeiter mit einer gesundheitsvorsorge ) .
while completely legal , studies suggest that wal-mart &apos;s labor policies exploit regulatory loopholes that , for example , allow it to sidestep the burden of healthcare costs for many workers ( wal-mart provides healthcare coverage to less than half its workers ) .
despite the fact that the employment directives of wal-mart are completely legal , studies point out that they use loopholes in the law , for example , in order to circumvent the burden of insurance costs for many workers ( walt mart less than half of their staff with health care ) .
although the labour directives of wal-mart are completely legally legal , studies indicate that they use loopholes in the law , for example , in order to avoid the burden of health insurance costs for many workers ( walking ) , less than half the staff of their health care ) .

als die 13 britischen kolonien in nordamerika ihren unabhängigkeitskrieg gegen das mutterland begannen , lieferte thomas jefferson aus , , geziemender rücksicht auf die meinung der menschen &quot; eine erklärung für diesen krieg , die dann in die unabhängigkeitserklärung aufgenommen wurde .
when the 13 british colonies in north america launched their own war of independence , thomas jefferson understood that &quot; the decent respect to the opinions of mankind &quot; required an explanation for that war , which he set forth in the declaration of independence .
when the 13 british colonies in north america began their independence war against the motherland , mr thomas jefferson , mr gecian , expressed the view of the people &apos; s opinion &apos; a declaration for this war , which was then included in the declaration of independence .
as the 13 british colonies in north america in north america , they began their independence war against the mother country , the winner of mr jefferson , mr geerson , geecians , the view of the people &apos; s opinion on this war &apos; , which was then included in the declaration of independence .

johannes paul ii ist daher kein enthusiastischer anhänger der modernen westlichen kultur , die sich von der welt der werte bereits verabschiedet hat . dieser westlichen kultur stellt er die moralische empfindsamkeit jener gesellschaften gegenüber , in denen die erinnerungen an jahrzehntelange diktatur noch frisch sind .
so john paul ii is no enthusiast of modern western civilization , with its divorce from the world of values , and he contrasts with it the moral sensitivity of societies with fresh memories of decades of dictatorship .
therefore , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mr john paul ii is not an enthusiastic supporter of modern western culture , which has already been adopted by the world of values , and this western culture puts moral sensitivity on the part of those societies in which the memory of decades of dictatorship is still fresh .
for this reason , mr president , commissioner , mr paul ii is not a strong supporter of modern western culture , which has already adopted its values by the world of the world , and this western culture puts the moral sensitivity of those societies in relation to which the memory of a dictatorship is still fresh for decades .

aber trotz aller fortschritte bei der angleichung ihrer inflationsraten und zinssätze an das eu-niveau , fürchten viele beitrittsländer , dass sie nach der vollständigen öffnung für kapitalflüsse - eine grundbedingung für den beitritt - dem risiko plötzlich ausbleibender kapitalflüsse und währungskrisen ausgesetzt sein werden .
but , despite their progress in bringing their inflation and interest rates closer to eu levels , many candidate countries fear that with the full opening up to capital flows--a requirement of accession--they will be exposed to the risk of sudden stops in capital flows and currency crises .
however , despite all the progress made in harmonising their inflation rates and interest rates and interest rates at the eu level , many candidate countries fear that , following the full opening of capital flows - a basic condition for accession - they will suddenly be exposed to the risk of the loss of capital flows and monetary crises .
however , despite all the progress made in harmonising their inflation rates and interest rates at the level of the eu , many candidate countries fear that , following the full opening up of capital rivers - a basic condition for accession - they will suddenly be exposed to the risk of permanent capital rivers and monetary crises .

internationale finanzkrisen mit immenser zerstörungskraft griffen um sich : die situation in mexiko , thailand , korea , brasilien und anderen ländern erinnert an die panik in den usa im jahr 1873 oder an die krise der österreichischen creditanstalt im jahr 1931 .
all of a sudden tremendously destructive herd-driven financial crises were back : mexico , thailand , korea , brazil , and so on looked like nothing as much as the us financial panic of 1873 or the austrian creditanstalt crisis of 1931 .
the situation in mexico , thailand , brazil and other countries reminds us of the panic in the united states in 1873 or the crisis of the austrian tanks in 1931 in 1931 .
the situation in mexico , thailand , korea , brazil and other countries reminds us of the panic panic in the us in 1873 or the crisis of the austrian tanks of office in 1931 in 1931 .

die reflexion an den , , bragg-ebenen &quot; - einzelne atomlagen , an denen einfallende röntgenstrahlen in bestimmten winkeln gebeugt werden , deren größe vom abstand der atomlagen bestimmt ist - ermöglichte den braggs die berechnung der exakten anordnung von natrium- und chloratomen in einem salzkristall .
reflection by &quot; bragg planes &quot; --sheets of atoms that can diffract x-rays at specific angles that are determined by the separation between sheets--enabled the braggs to calculate the exact arrangement of sodium and chloride atoms in a crystal of salt .
the reflection of the thinking of the brake , gg levels - individual nuclear facilities , which will be used in certain coffers , whose size of nuclear waste has been made available - the exact calculation of the suitability of the suitability of the suitability of the suitability of the suitability of the suitability of the suitability of the suitability of the suitability of tenders - and of a nuclear power in a scapegoat .
the reflection of the thinking , brag , gg levels - individual nuclear radiation , which will be sophisticated in certain knees , whose size has been made up of nuclear resources - the light of which the light of the extinction of the extinction of the extinction of the extinction of the extinction of the extinction of the extortion of the extinction of petrol and nuclear giant nuclear power in a trickle of all of the types .

als die niederschlagung der proteste nach diesen aufregenden wochen der meinungs- und versammlungsfreiheit in der nacht vom 3. auf den 4. juni ihr apokalyptisches ende fand , ließ man zhao , wie schon so viele andere führungspersönlichkeiten seit der &quot; sozialistischen befreiung &quot; chinas in der versenkung der partei verschwinden .
as the crackdown following those heady weeks of free expression and assembly came to its apocalyptic end on the night of june 3-4 , zhao vanished , sucked down the party &apos;s memory hole into which so many other leaders have vanished since china &apos;s &quot; socialist liberation . &quot;
as far as the protests were concerned , following these recent weeks of freedom of expression and assembly in the night of 3 june , there was an increase in the calathy , as has been so many others since the &apos; withdrawal of the socialist party &apos; since the &apos; withdrawal of the socialist party &apos; .
in the light of these recent weeks of protests - and freedom of assembly in night of 3 june , on 4 june , mr zatolo , as many other leaders have been left since the &apos; reduction in the socialist group &apos; , since the &apos; reduction in the socialist party &apos; .

