aber wir sind noch immer kein globales dorf .
we are , however , still not a global village .
but we are still not a global village .
but we are still not a global village .

wir müssen vielmehr lernen , damit umzugehen .
rather , we have to learn to cope with them .
instead , we must learn to deal with it .
instead , we need to learn to deal with it .

was kommt als nächstes für europa ?
what next for europe ?
what will happen next to europe ?
what will happen next to europe ?

die wahren kosten des irakkrieges
the true costs of the iraq war
the real cost of the iraq war
the real cost of the war in iraq

europas neoliberale herausforderung
europe &apos;s neo-liberal challenge
europe &apos;s neo-liberal challenge .
europe &apos;s neoliberal challenge is a neo-liberal challenge .

es handelt sich hierbei sogar nicht einmal um eine frage der haushaltsdisziplin .
nor is it even a fiscal discipline issue .
this is not even a question of budgetary discipline .
this is not even a question of budgetary discipline .

als kind war es wichtig , die grausame kunst von
as a child , mastering the cruel art of
as a child , it was important that the cruelty of cruel art was done .
it was important as a child that was the cruel art of art .

diejenigen , die gerade im weißen haus sitzen , glauben an
those in the white house today believe in
those who are just sitting in the white house believe in belief .
those who are currently in the white house believe in those who are in the house .

währungspolitik ist aber nicht die einzige art wirtschaftspolitik zu machen .
yet monetary policy is not a unique species of economic policymaking .
monetary policy is not , however , the only kind of economic policy .
but monetary policy is not the only kind of economic policy .

die beiden ereignisse stehen in unmittelbarem zusammenhang .
the two events are intimately connected .
the two events are closely linked .
the two events are directly linked .

( natürlich waren bushs akademischen referenzen noch nie sonderlich beeindruckend ) .
( of course , bush &apos;s academic credentials were never very impressive . )
( of course coach academic references were never particularly impressive ) .
( of course , busy academic reports were never very impressive ) .

besonders erfolgreich ist man im export von flugzeugen und langlebigen verbrauchsgütern .
it has succeeded , notably , in exporting airplanes and many consumer durable goods .
it is particularly successful in exporting aircraft and landing goods .
it is particularly successful in the export of aircraft and landing products .

und diese direkten kosten sind nur ein bruchteil der gesamtwirtschaftlichen kosten .
and the budgetary costs are but a fraction of the costs to the economy as a whole .
these and direct costs are only a fraction of the total economic costs .
these direct costs are only a fraction of the total economic costs .

viele regierungen in asien anerkennen die notwendigkeit , ihre rollen deutlicher zu bestimmen .
many asian governments recognize the need to define their roles more clearly .
many governments in asia recognise the need to define their roles more clearly .
many governments in asia recognise the need to define their roles more clearly .

nicht jeder bedrohung der nationalen interessen amerikas kann man mit militärischer macht begegnen .
not every threat to america &apos;s national interests can be addressed with military power .
no threat to the national interests of america can be faced with military power .
not any threat to the national interests of america can be addressed with military power .

terroristische beweggründe unterscheiden sich von zelle zu zelle und sogar zwischen den einzelnen personen .
terrorist motivations differ from cell to cell , even from person to person .
terrorist motives differ from zanton and even between the individual people .
terrorist reasons are different from zal and even between the individual people .

politische und wirtschaftliche reformen , so sie denn vorankommen , erfolgen im schneckentempo .
political and economic reform , when it advances , does so at a glacial pace .
political and economic reforms , for they are making progress , are taking place at a snail pace .
political and economic reforms , as they move forward , are taking place at the pace .

diese art innovativer programme ist sowohl für europäische als auch für amerikanische orchester von bedeutung .
this type of innovative program is relevant for european as well as american orchestras .
this type of innovative programmes is important for both european and american orchestra .
this type of innovative programmes is important both for european and american orchestors .

&quot; es tut mir so leid &quot; , sagte er zu den erschrockenen menschen .
&quot; i am very sorry , &quot; he said to startled onlookers .
&apos;i am so sorry &apos; he said that he was a man in the back .
&apos;i am so sorry &apos; he said to the people who died .

eine welt , in der sich alles verändert braucht einen bewahrer des bleibenden .
a world where everything changes needs a guardian of what remains the same .
a world in which everything is changing needs to be a trustworthy of the rest .
a world in which everything is changing needs to be trusted .

meine gastgeber waren ehemalige kommunistische führer , die nun als mehr oder weniger demokratisch gewählte präsidenten fungierten .
my hosts were former communist leaders who were now more or less democratically elected presidents .
my host was former communist leaders who now worked as more or less democratically elected president .
my host donors were former communist leaders , who have now been more or less democratically elected president .

die gespenster der vergangenheit holen uns wieder ein , weil die lektionen der gegenwart nicht verstanden werden .
the ghosts of economics &apos; past return because the lessons of the present are always oversold .
the spectre of the past brings us back because the lessons of the present are not understood .
the holy of the past is once again getting us out because the lessons of the present are not understood .

die europäische kommission legte 2005 einen vorschlag vor -- gerade , als die verfassung zur abstimmung gebracht wurde .
the european commission submitted a proposal in 2005 -- just as the constitution was being put up for a vote .
the european commission presented a proposal in 2005 - just when the constitution was put to the vote .
the european commission presented a proposal in 2005 - just when the constitution was put to the vote .

versuch und irrtum bedeutet die gelegenheit , fehler zu machen und anschließend einen neuen anlauf zu nehmen .
trial and error implies the opportunity to err before we try again .
attempts and error mean the opportunity to make mistakes and then take a new step forward .
attempts and error mean the opportunity to make mistakes and then take a new approach .

andere regierungen sollten diesem modell folgen , um ihrer vernachlässigten funktion als hüter der volksgesundheit nachzukommen .
other governments should follow this model in order to fulfill their neglected role as guardian of public health .
other governments should follow this model in order to fulfil their neglected role as guardian of public health .
other governments should follow this model in order to comply with its neglected role as guardian of public health .

im mittelpunkt dieser debatte steht die so genannte doktrin der &quot; schutzverantwortung &quot; ( responsibility to protect ) .
at the center of this debate is the so-called doctrine of the &quot; responsibility to protect . &quot;
at the heart of this debate is the so-called doctrine in the &apos; safeguard responsibility &apos; .
at the heart of this debate , the so-called dotrum in the &apos; protection responsibility &apos; ( it ) .

hierbei hat sich bush auffällig unerlaubt von der truppe entfernt ( wie man beim militär sagt ) .
here bush is conspicuously absent without leave ( awol in military jargon ) .
in this respect , bush has taken a great deal of abusive away from the force ( as the military says ) .
in this regard , bush has been untenable from the force ( as you say to the military ) .

der palästinensische führer abu mazen begreift dies , doch die frage ist , ob ihm die umsetzung gelingt .
the palestinian leader , abu mazen , recognizes this , but the question is whether he can deliver .
the palestinian leader abu mazen is taking this into account , but the question is whether he will be able to implement it .
the palestinian leader of abu mack is aware of this , but the question is whether it will succeed in implementing it .

bis vor kurzem wusste man nicht , wer denn nun recht hat -- weil keiner mitgezählt hat .
until recently , no one knew who is right , because no one was keeping score .
until recently , we did not know who has the right to do so , because none of them has been involved .
until recently , we did not know who is right now - because none of them was involved .

je weniger wir von einem &quot; normalen &quot; politiker erwarten , desto stärker halten wir ausschau nach einem helden .
the less we expect from a &quot; normal &quot; politician , the more we look for a hero .
the less we expect from a &apos; ordinary &apos; politician , the more we keep to a hell .
the less we expect from a &apos; normal &apos; politician , the more we keep to a hell .

die diskussionen über defizite sollten sich daher eher den generationenfragen widmen , auf die es wirklich ankommt .
so discussions about deficits should be recast in terms of the really long-term intergenerational issues that matter .
the discussions on deficits should therefore focus more on the general issues on which it really is important .
the discussions on deficits should therefore focus more on the issues of generosity , which are really important .

so war ich beispielsweise als ombudsmann gegen die beschneidung des rechts der russen auf einen geschworenenprozess .
for example , as ombudsman , i was opposed to curtailing the right of russians to jury trials .
for example , as an ombudsman , i was opposed to the curtailment of the right of the russians to a process that has been broken down .
for example , as a ombudsman , i was against the denial of the right of the russians to a trial .

mancher zukünftige politiker könnte diese idee wieder erfolgreich verkaufen , dass inflation aufgrund ihres stimulierenden effekts gut für die wirtschaft ist .
some future politicians may succeed again in planting the idea that inflation , being stimulative , is good for the economy .
some future politicians could successfully sell this idea that inflation is good for the economy due to its encouraging effect .
some future politicians could once again sell this idea that inflation is good for the economy because of its stimulating effects .

syriens vermutete unterstützung von mitgliedern der irakischen baath-partei droht , die beziehungen zum neuen irak zu beschädigen .
syria &apos;s suspected support for iraqi baathist exiles threatens to damage relations with the new iraq .
syria suspected support from members of the iraqi bail-out party to damage relations with the new iraq .
syria expected support from members of the iraqi bathing party to damage relations with the new iraq .

man meint , die sozialisten würden die wirtschaft nur privatisieren oder wohlfahrtssysteme drastisch reduzieren , wenn es absolut erforderlich wäre .
many people believe that the socialists would not privatize the economy or slash welfare systems if such measures were not absolutely necessary .
you think that the socialists would only privatise the economy or drastically reduce welfare systems if it were absolutely necessary .
we believe that the socialists would only privatise the economy or drastically reduce welfare systems if it were absolutely necessary .

vor den kriegen 1967 und 1973 zog sich die uno aus dem nahen osten zurück und überließ israel seinem schicksal .
in both 1967 and 1973 , with war looming , the un withdrew from the middle east , leaving israel to defend itself .
before the war in 1967 and 1973 , the un came back from the middle east and left israel to its fate .
before the wars of guinea and 1973 , the un came back from the middle east and overturned israel to its fate .

schließlich sind institutionen wie treibhauspflanzen , die man auch nicht in jedes erdreich pflanzen und jedem klima aussetzen kann .
after all , institutions are not hot-house plants capable of being planted in any soil and climate .
after all , institutions such as drift flanders , which cannot be exchanged in every three-year i and every climate .
finally , institutions such as drift flanders , which cannot be put into any three plants and any climate .

dies jedoch nutzte den kleinen ländern europas mehr als den großen -- und bedeutete mehr konkurrenz für deutschland , europas größter volkswirtschaft .
but this helped europe &apos;s small countries more than the big ones , and it implied more competition for germany , europe &apos;s biggest economy .
however , this took advantage of the small countries of europe more than the big - and meant more competition for germany , europe &apos;s largest economy .
however , this was more beneficial to the small countries of europe than the large - and it meant more competition for germany , europe &apos;s largest economy .

warum beklagen sich die unternehmen in diesen ländern über einen mangel an qualifizierten arbeitskräften , wenn so viele universitätsabsolventen arbeitslos sind ?
why do businesses in these countries complain of a lack of skilled workers when so many university students are jobless ?
why are companies in these countries complaining about a lack of qualified labour if so many university workers are unemployed ?
why do companies in these countries complain about a lack of qualified labour if so many university workers are unemployed ?

dafür sind vor allem die großen drei verantwortlich -- frankreich , deutschland und italien -- , die 70 % des europäischen bip produzieren .
this is mostly due to the big three -- france , germany , and italy -- which produce 70 % of europe &apos;s gdp .
in particular , the major three responsible - france , germany and italy - are the 70 % of european gdp .
above all , the major three responsible - france , germany and italy - are producing 70 % of european gdp .

die lohnkosten in den zehn ländern , die 2004 der eu beitraten , betragen im durchschnitt lediglich 14 % des westdeutschen niveaus .
on average , wage costs in the ten countries that joined the eu in 2004 are only 14 % of the west german level .
the cost of wage costs in the ten countries that joined the eu in 2004 is only 14 % of the west german level .
on average , the cost of pay in the ten countries that joined the eu in 2004 is only 14 % of the west german level .

auch die usa , ebenfalls ein opfer eines schrecklichen angriffs , fühlen sich der welt verbunden - allerdings nicht , um ein ähnliches modell der kooperation zu fördern .
the us , also victim of a horrendous attack , feels drawn to the world but not to promote a similar model of cooperation .
the usa , too , is a victim of a terrible attack , but it does not feel that the world is in a position to promote a similar model of cooperation .
the united states , including a victim of a terrible attack , feel linked to the world , but not to promote a similar model of cooperation .

man sollte das augenmerk vermehrt auf die wissenschaftliche und technologische ausbildung richten und eine größere anzahl von schülern zu einem universitätsstudium motivieren .
they should also increase their focus on scientific and technological training and encourage a higher proportion of students to go on to university education .
we should focus more on scientific and technological training and encourage a greater number of students to study university students .
we should pay more attention to scientific and technological training and encourage a greater number of students to study university students .

aus der tsunami-katastrophe , die in asien derartige verwüstungen angerichtet und so viele menschenleben gefordert hat , sind viele lehren zu ziehen .
there are many lessons that emerge from the tsunami that brought such devastation and loss of life to asia .
there are many lessons to be learned from the tsunami disaster that has caused such devastation in asia and has called for so many lives .
there are many lessons to be learned from the tsunami disaster , which has caused such devastation in asia and so many lives .

tatsächlich besuchen selbst in ländern , wo die quote derer , die die grundschule abschließen , hoch ist , viele junge leute keine weiter führende schule .
indeed , even in countries with high primary-school completion rates , many young people do not attend secondary school .
in fact , even in countries where the quota of those who complete primary school is high , many young people do not continue to be a leading school .
in fact , even in countries where the quota of those who end the primary school is high , many young people do not go further than school .

dennoch ist festzuhalten : wie zwingend der grund für eine humanitäre militäraktion auch sein möge , derartige operationen müssen auf basis der uno-charta erfolgen .
but , however compelling the cause of humanitarian military intervention , such actions must be brought under the umbrella of the un charter .
nevertheless , it must be said that , on the basis of the un charter , such operations must be carried out on the basis of the un charter .
nevertheless , there is a need to maintain that , as is the obligation for a humanitarian military operation , such operations must be carried out on the basis of the un charter .

die zweite sorge ist , dass , während die erweiterung von nato und eu voranschreitet , diese unschönen debatten die beziehungen innerhalb dieser internationalen gemeinschaften vergiftet .
the second worry is that , as nato and the eu expand , these ugly debates will infect relations within these international bodies .
the second concern is that , while the enlargement of nato and the eu is moving forward , these unpleasant debates poisoned relations within these international communities .
the second concern is that , while the enlargement of nato and the eu is moving forward , these unfine debates are poisoning relations within these international communities .

genau das tat die europäische kommission vor kurzem , als sie ihre erste strategie für die post-kyoto-arä vorlegte , die der europäische rat im märz diskutieren wird .
this is exactly what the european commission did recently by providing its first strategy for a post-kyoto era , which will be discussed by the european council next march .
this is precisely what the european commission did recently when it presented its first strategy for post-kyoto , which will be discussed by the european council in march .
this is precisely what the european commission recently said when it presented its first strategy for the post-kyoto stock , which the european council will discuss in march .

allerdings , im vergleich zur hilfe , die von ländern mit einem bruchteil der amerikanischen wirtschaftskraft angeboten wurde , erscheint amerikas hilfsleistung knauserig .
america &apos;s aid still appeared niggardly when compared with the amounts offered by countries with a fraction of america &apos;s economic wealth .
however , compared with the aid offered by countries with a fraction of the american economic force , america seems to be providing aid .
however , in comparison with the aid offered by countries with a fraction of the american economic force , latin america seems to be a source of aid .

die bush-administration argumentiert , dass wegen des endes des kalten krieges die formale aufhebung des abm-vertrages keine verringerung der atomaren stabilität bedeuten würde .
the bush administration argues that , because the cold war is over , the formal disappearance of the abm treaty would not mean a loss of nuclear stability .
the bush administration argues that , due to the end of the cold war , the formal lifting of the abm treaty would not mean a reduction in nuclear stability .
the bush administration says that , because of the cold war , the formal abolition of the abm treaty would not mean a reduction in nuclear stability .

igel sind denker mit großen ideen . sie lieben großartige theorien : libertarismus , marxismus , umweltideologie , usw .
hedgehogs are big-idea thinkers in love with grand theories : libertarianism , marxism , environmentalism , etc .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , it is with great ideas that we have great ideas : liberism , marxism , environmental standards , and so on .
we have a great deal of ideas , and you have great thesis : liberism , marxism , the environment , and so on .

ein totalitäres regime zu stürzen und wahlen zu organisieren kann schwierig sein . doch die größere aufgabe ist es , von der bloßen stimmabgabe zur errichtung einer wirklichen demokratie überzugehen .
overthrowing a totalitarian regime and organizing elections may be hard , but the harder task is to go from voting to establishing a true democracy .
a totalitarian regime may be difficult to organise and organise elections , but the greater task is to move from the mere vote to the establishment of a genuine democracy .
a totalitarian regime can be broken and organise elections , but the more important task is to move from the mere vote to the establishment of a genuine democracy .

während sie den wortschatz und die abkürzungen aus der abschreckungs-ära der supermächte auffrischen , entdecken sie , dass diese welt von gestern ist .
while brushing up the vocabulary and abbreviations of the age of superpower deterrence , they discover that such a world has gone .
while you take the line and cut off from the deterrent era of the superpowers , you discover that this world is yesterday .
while you look at the gap and the cuts from the deterrent era of the superpowers , you are discovering the world of yesterday &apos;s world .

orbans recht erfolgreiche anstrengungen , die rechte unter dem banner der fidesz zu vereinen , sind einzigartig unter osteuropas zersplitterten und verdrossenen rechten parteien .
premier orban &apos;s semi-successful efforts to unify the right under the banner of fidesz are unique among eastern europe &apos;s fractured and fractious rightist parties .
the right of successful efforts to unite the rights under the fidesz are unique under eastern europe &apos;s fragmented and sophisticated rights .
successful efforts to unite the rights of fidesz under the fidesz are unique and fragmented parties under eastern europe .

in anderen gegenden - wie zum beispiel in guatemala und in teilen der andenregion - sind die sozialen trennlinien allerdings noch immer von gewalt und misstrauen überschattet .
in other places - for example , guatemala and parts of the andean region - social divisions remain fraught with violence and distrust .
in other areas - as in guatemala and in parts of the andean region , for example - the social separation lines are still overshadowed by violence and mistrust .
in other areas , such as guatemala and parts of the andean region , however , the social divisions are still under threat from violence and mistrust .

das übertreiben des politischen schadens führte vor dreißig jahren dazu , dass zunächst die usa und dann die sowjetunion auf einen effektiven schutz gegen strategische atomraketen verzichteten .
inflating this political damage is the fact that , thirty years ago , the us and the then soviet union renounced effective defense against strategic nuclear missiles .
the overhaul of the political damage began thirty years ago to ensure that the united states and then the soviet union were based on effective protection against strategic nuclear missiles .
last 30 years ago , the political damage caused by the united states and then the soviet union on effective protection against strategic nuclear missiles .

wenn sich nun sich im anschluss an die wahlen eine legitime irakische staatsgewalt herausbildet , werden die syrer die voraussicht zeigen müssen , ihre saddam-freundlichen bekannten loszuwerden .
as a legitimate iraqi authority emerges following the elections , the syrians will have to show foresight in jettisoning their pro-saddam acquaintances .
if , following the elections , there is a legitimate iraqi state violence , the syrians will have to show the foresight that their saddam will have to be dismissed .
if , following the elections , there is a legitimate iraqi state violence , the syrians will have to show the premise that their saddam is being exhausted .

es wurde initiiert , um &quot; solidarités de fait &quot; ( faktische solidarität ) hervorzubringen , die politische stabilität zu fördern und die demokratie und das europäische sozialmodell zu konsolidieren .
it was initiated to create &quot; solidarités de fait , &quot; promote political stability , and consolidate democracy and europe &apos;s social model .
it was initiated in order to &apos; solidarity &apos; ( de fait ) to promote political stability and consolidate democracy and the european social model .
it has been initiated to bring &apos; solidarity de fait &apos; ( de facto solidarity ) to promote political stability and consolidate democracy and the european social model .

das jährliche pro-kopf-einkommen in den usa , japan und westeuropa beträgt derzeit durchschnittlich ungefähr $ 40.000 -- und unter $ 6.000 für die ärmere hälfte der weltbevölkerung .
average annual per capita incomes in the us , japan , and western europe are currently around $ 40,000 , and less than $ 6,000 for the poorer half of the world &apos;s population .
the annual per capita income per capita in the united states , japan and western europe is currently around 440 000 , 000 , and under 6000 , for the poorer half of the world &apos;s population .
the annual per capita income in the united states , japan and western europe is currently around 40-50 000 and , under 6000 , for the poorer half of the world &apos;s population .

es verlangt anstrengungen , um vier arten von institutionen aufzubauen , die erforderlich sind , um den wachstumsimpuls aufrechtzuerhalten und elastizität gegenüber wirtschaftseinbrüchen zu erzielen :
it also requires effort to build four types of institutions required to maintain growth momentum and build resilience to shocks :
it calls for efforts to build four types of institutions that are necessary in order to maintain the objective of growth and to achieve elastiity in relation to economic spaces :
it requires efforts to build four types of institutions that are necessary to maintain the growth of growth and to achieve elastics towards economic interference :

so hat die duma beispielsweise viel zu lang gebraucht , um ein gesetz über lobbying zu verabschieden , das in den meisten entwickelten demokratien rechtlich einwandfreies und nicht einwandfreies verhalten genau definiert .
for example , the duma has taken far too long to enact a law on lobbying , which in most developed democracies clearly defines what constitutes acceptable and unacceptable behavior .
for example , the duma has needed far too long to adopt a law on lobbying which , in the majority of developed democracies , is clearly defined in a fair and unsuitable manner .
for example , the duma has used far too long to adopt a law on lobbying , which is clearly defined in the most developed democracies and not properly free behaviour .

dies ist der grund , warum die usa die entwicklung einer gemeinsamen sicherheits- und verteidigungspolitik unterstützen sollten : dies bedeutet lediglich , dass wir unseren anteil an der gemeinsamen last tragen - etwas , wozu amerika europa seit jahrzehnten auffordert .
this is why the us should encourage the development of a common european security and defense policy , which is merely the burden sharing that america has been pressing on europe for decades .
this is the reason why the united states should support the development of a common security and defence policy : this simply means that we share our share of the common burden - something that america has been calling on europe for decades .
this is the reason why the united states should support the development of a common security and defence policy : this only means that we share our share of the common burden - something that europe has been calling for for decades .

die opposition , angeschlagen von ihrem verpfuschten staatsstreich im april 2002 , will chávez jetzt mit einem generalstreik der macht entheben , der das land viel kostet .
the opposition , tainted by their botched coup of april 2002 , now seeks to force chávez from office through a costly general strike .
the opposition , the anchávez of its chávez in april 2002 , wants a general strike of power , which costs the country a great deal .
in april 2002 , the opposition , led by the state coup d &apos;évez , is now going to pay a general strike of power , which costs the country a great deal .

im vergleich zu ihren kollegen weltweit produzieren afrikas bauern pro hektar landwirtschaftlicher nutzfläche etwa ein drittel oder weniger der anbaumenge . die folge ist massive hungersnot , verschärft durch eine schwere last an krankheiten .
africa &apos;s farmers produce roughly one-third or less food per hectare of farmland than their counterparts around the world , resulting in massive hunger , which is exacerbated by a heavy disease burden .
in comparison with their colleagues in the world , africa &apos;s farmers produce per hectare of agricultural land , for example , a third or less the amount of crops , resulting in massive famine , is exacerbated by a serious burden on diseases .
in comparison with your colleagues in the world , africa &apos;s farmers produce africa per hectare , around a third or less of the amount of crops , resulting in massive famine , is exacerbated by a serious burden on diseases .

ein wichtiges innerhalb syriens debattiertes thema ist das wiedererstarken des islam als alternative zu einem politischen und wirtschaftlichen system , das außer den granden des regimes kaum jemandem etwas zu bieten hat .
a major item of discussion in syria is the revival of islam as an alternative to a political and economic system offering few incentives except to regime grandees .
an important issue within syria is the resurgence of islam as an alternative to a political and economic system , which , apart from the grances of the regime , has little to offer to anyone .
an important subject within syria is the regeneration of islam as an alternative to a political and economic system which , apart from the shame of the regime , has little to offer someone .

angesichts der tatsache , dass ein großteil der schulden durch kredite an das korrupte suharto-regime angefallen ist , sollte ein schuldenerlass für indonesien in jedem fall zwingend ins auge gefasst werden .
indeed , there is a compelling case to be made for indonesian debt relief in any case , given that much of the debt was incurred in loans to the corrupt suharto government .
in view of the fact that a large proportion of the debt has fallen by loans to the corrupt harharvest regime , a debt relief for indonesia should , in any case , be taken into account .
in view of the fact that a large proportion of the debt is made up of the corrupt sun regime , a debt relief for indonesia should , in any case , be taken into account .

der &quot; bulldozer &quot; hatte sich für die meisten israelis zur großvaterfigur entwickelt -- und zum letzten trumpf der westlichen diplomatie , für die amerikaner und , überraschenderweise , auch für die europäer .
the &quot; bulldozer &quot; had become the grandfather of most israelis and the last card of western diplomacy , for americans and , surprisingly , for europeans , too .
the &apos; bulldoen &apos; was developed for most israelis to become a major player - and for the last truck of western diplomacy , for the americans and , surprise , also for europeans .
the &apos; bulldot &apos; has been developed for most israelis to develop the large numbers of people - and the last fat of western diplomacy , for the americans and , surprise , for europeans too .

niemand , der bei vollem verstand ist , kann ernsthaft davon ausgehen , dass etwas , was bisher niemals gelungen ist -- nämlich die zerstörung einiger weniger sprengköpfe mitten im flug -- , von heute auf morgen gelingen wird .
no one in his right mind can assume that something never achieved before , namely destroying a small number of warheads in flight , will happen over night .
no one , who is fully aware , can seriously assume that something that has never been achieved so far - that is to say the destruction of some less cruelty in the middle of the flight - will succeed from this morning .
no one , who is fully aware , can seriously assume that something that has never been achieved so far - namely the destruction of a few less bottlenecks in the midst of the flight - will be achieved by this morning .

es ist zu erwarten , dass die welt 2100 durch verbesserte technologie und ihre verbreitung bei einer jährlichen wachstumsrate von 2 % wesentlich reicher ist : $ 50.000 pro kopf , gemessen an der kaufkraft des jahres 2006 .
we expect improved technology and its spread to make the world of 2100 , at a 2 % annual growth rate , much richer : $ 50,000 per capita of year-2006 purchasing power .
it is to be expected that the world will have 2100 through improved technology and its spread in an annual growth rate of 2 % is much richer : 50 000 per capita , compared with the purchasing power of 2006 .
it is to be expected that the world is 2100 by improved technology and its spread in an annual growth rate of 2 % is much more rich : 50 000 per capita per capita , in view of the purchasing power of 2006 .

in der tat können wir die partizipatorische demokratie für eine metainstitution halten , die hilft , aus einer art , , speisekarte &quot; möglicher institutioneller anordnungen auf jedem gebiet eine auswahl zu treffen .
in fact , we can think of participatory democracy as a meta-institution that helps select among the &quot; menu &quot; of possible institutional arrangements in each area .
in fact , we can believe that participatory democracy can be a metaphor institution that helps to make a choice from a kind of , spectacular card &apos; possible institutional regulations in each area .
in fact , we can think of the partisan democracy for a metaic institution that helps to make a choice from a kind of , market card &apos; possible institutional instruments in each area .

die bevölkerung kaliforniens wird natürlich nicht dergestalt ihrer politischen rechte verlustig gehen , aber ihre mutwilligkeit droht , eine unberechenbare und unverantwortliche form einzelstaatlicher politik nach sich zu ziehen .
californians , of course , won &apos;t be disenfranchised , but their willfulness threatens to yield a wayward and irresponsible form of state politics .
of course , the population of california will not lose its political rights in the form of its political rights , but its willingness is threatening to move towards an unpredictable and irresponsible form of national policy .
of course , the population of california will not lose sight of its political rights , but its willingness to take an unpredictable and irresponsible form of national policy .

europäer , die fürchten , dass eine größere abhängigkeit von privatem geld zu konservativerer programmwahl führt , seien darauf hingewiesen , dass die san francisco symphony über eines der ausgefallensten repertoires in den usa verfügt .
it also should be reassuring to europeans who are concerned that greater reliance on private money necessarily means conservative programming that the san francisco symphony has one of the most adventuresome repertoires in the us .
europeans who fear that a greater dependence on private money will lead to a conservative election of the programme should point out that san francisco hony hony has one of the most recent toires in the united states .
europeans fear that a greater dependence on private money will lead to conservative programming elections , should be pointed out that the san francisco hony hony has one of the most remote toires in the united states .

der stabilitäts- und wachstums-pakt sollte die schulden der öffentlichen hand in südeuropa und damit auch die zinsen niedrig halten , indem man investoren versicherte , man würde keinen so hohen anstieg der nationalen schulden dulden , dass daraus ein ernsthafter inflationsdruck entsteht .
the stability and growth pact was intended to keep the public debts of southern europe low , and thus keep interest rates low by reassuring investors that national debts would never be allowed to rise high enough to generate serious inflationary pressures .
the stability and growth pact should keep the debt of the public hand in southern europe and thus also low interest rates by insurance investors , if they were not to tolerate such a high rise in national debt that this would bring serious inflation pressure .
the stability and growth pact should keep the public debt in southern europe and therefore the interest rates low by insurance investors , would not allow such a high increase in national debt , that this would result in serious pressure on inflation .

die antwort ist , dass haushaltspolitik ein schlüsselwerkzeug für politiker darstellt , um die unterstützung einer wählermehrheit aus , sagen wir , rentnern , beamten und dem mittelstand zu gewinnen und zu erhalten , während die kosten auf die verlierer abgewälzt werden .
the answer is that fiscal policy is the key tool politicians use to attract and maintain the support of a winning coalition of voters , say retirees , public employees , and middle-class homeowners , while imposing the costs on the losers .
the answer is that budgetary policy is a key tool for politicians , in order to support a majority of voters , we say , pensioners , officials and the middle east , while the costs are being reduced to the losers .
the answer is that budgetary policy is a key tool for politicians in order to support a majority , we say that pensioners , officials and the state of funds , while the costs are reduced to the losers .

indem er lautstark verkündete , dass es , , kein gerechtes europa ohne ein unabhängiges polen auf der landkarte &quot; geben konnte , zog er einen schlussstrich unter die ungerechte nachkriegsordnung , die polen der sowjetunion unterworfen hatte .
in saying aloud that &quot; there can be no just europe without an independent poland on its map , &quot; the pope effectively swept away the unjust postwar settlement that had subjugated poland to soviet power .
by proclaiming very strongly that , without an independent poland on the map , there was no fair europe , he was able to give a conclusion to the unfair war order that the soviet union had been subject to .
by saying that it was very strong that , without an independent poland , there could be no fair europe on the map of the map , it was in the end under the unfair post-war order , which has been subject to poland of the soviet union .

selbst bürger , die großen wert auf treffsichere aussagen legen , können kaum erkennen , dass sie auf diese verzichten , wenn sie , um statt einem langweiligen fuchs einem charismatischen igel zuzuhören , den sender wechseln .
even citizens who prize accuracy have little way of knowing that they are sacrificing it when they switch channels from boring foxes to charismatic hedgehogs .
the citizens themselves , the great value of reliable statements , can hardly be aware that , if they do not listen to a charisque , they will be able to change the channel .
it is hardly possible for citizens themselves to recognise the great value of safe statements that they are unable to abandon them if they listen instead of a slow hole of a charismatic ick .

genau seit dem 19. mai 1989 , als zhao ziyang vor dem einbruch der morgendämmerung auf dem tiananmen-platz erschien und die demonstranten unter tränen um verzeihung bat .
but the political agenda that he espoused while in office passed away long ago , on may 19 , 1989 , when he appeared in tiananmen square just before dawn to beg tearfully for the forgiveness of protesters .
it was precisely since 19 may 1989 , when zhao ziyang came before the death of the assassination in the tiananan-mentality and asked the demonstrators under tears to forge .
just since 19 may 1989 , when zhao ziyang took place before the killing of the mortgage in the tiananmen and asked the demonstrators under tears .

als ergebnis laufender überschüsse auf den umsatzkonten und der unterschiede bei den zinssätzen von 3-4 % beliefen sich die devisenreserven indiens ende 2002 auf 70.3 milliarden dollar gegenüber 4 milliarden $ im jahr 1990 . sie reichen aus , um den import von nahezu 15 monaten zu decken .
as a result of a current-account surplus and an interest-rate differential of 3-4 % , foreign reserves reached $ 70.3 billion by the end of 2002--enough to cover almost 15 months of imports--up from only us $ 4 billion in 1990 .
as a result of ongoing surpluses on the accounts and the differences in interest rates of 3 % , the exchange reserves at the end of 2002 were at the end of 2002 to usd 73 billion compared to usd 4 billion in 1990 , and they are enough to cover the import of almost 15 months .
as a result of constant surplus surpluses on the accounts and the differences in interest rates of 3 % , the exchange reserves at the end of 2002 to 73 billion dollars compared to 4 billion in 1990 , in order to cover the import of almost 15 months .

entsprechend steht der bundeskanzler in der regel einer koalitionsregierung vor , und seine tatsã <unk> chliche autoritã <unk> t innerhalb einer solchen politischen allianz basiert auf der loyalitã <unk> t der von ihm gefã ¼ hrten krã <unk> fte aus der eigenen partei .
as a consequence , german chancellors usually preside over coalition governments , and their effective authority is based on the loyalty of the party forces they command within such political alliances .
in accordance with the rule of a coalition government , the chancellor is in the hands of a coalitive government , and his response to this kind of authoritarian question is based on such a political alliance ’ s loyalty , on the loyalty of the questions he has raised from his own party .
in accordance with the chancellor , the rule of a coalition government is under way , and his commitment to the act of authoritarian action is based on the loyalty of such a political alliance , based on the loyalty of the action that he has put into being by his own party .

schrã <unk> der vertritt innerhalb der politischen linken eine moderate linie , die sich mit der â <unk> <unk> new labour &quot; -philosophie des britischen premierministers tony blair oder dem zentrismus des frã ¼ heren us-prã <unk> sidenten bill clinton vergleichen lã <unk> sst .
schröder has been representing a moderately left political platform and agenda , one comparable to british prime minister tony blair &apos;s new labour philosophy or former us president bill clinton &apos;s centrism .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen , mr blair , ladies and gentlemen , mr blair , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen , it is the political left that has a moderate line in which , in the political left , the british prime minister , mr blair blair , is opposed to the anti-labour philosophy of the british prime minister , mr blair , or the centralist rism of the situation in which we have just received , mr clinton ’ s attention .
in the political left , there is a moderate line of concern in the way that the british prime minister , mr blair or mr blair , who , in the political left , represents a radical approach which , with the united states of america , is becoming the united front of the united states , which is the united states &apos; leader , who is a powerful example of the fact that president clinton ’ s commitment to the development of the new labour force of new labour , is a bad philosophy of the british prime minister .

trotzdem entfacht das thema alte diskussionen über abschreckung , gegenseitige androhung von zerstörung sowie atomwaffenkontrolle aufs neue und lässt die rivalität zwischen den atommächten just zu einem zeitpunkt wieder aufleben , an dem atomwaffen viel von ihrer bedeutung verloren haben .
nevertheless , the issue rekindles old debates over deterrence , mutual assured destruction and nuclear arms control , and revives the rivalry between the nuclear powers just when nuclear weapons had lost much of their relevance .
nevertheless , the issue of old discussions on deterrent , mutual threat of destruction and nuclear control , and the rivalry between the nuclear powers at a time when nuclear weapons have lost a great deal of their importance .
nevertheless , the issue of the old debate on deterrent , mutual threat of destruction and nuclear control and the nuclear control of nuclear weapons leaves new and the rivalry between the nuclear power stations again at a time when nuclear weapons have lost much of their importance .

wenn wir nun die trümmer des krieges zur befreiung des irak sichten , ist es von bedeutung , sich das intellektuelle wrack der liberalen vorstellung von sicherheit vor augen zu halten - oder eigentlich zu verstehen - wonach diese sicherheit von internationalen institutionen mittels völkerrecht gewährleistet wird .
as we sift the debris of the war to liberate iraq , it will be important to preserve-the better to understand-the intellectual wreckage of the liberal conceit of security through international law administered by international institutions .
it is important to keep an eye on the intellectual scrap of the liberal idea of security - or , in fact , to understand - that this safety of international institutions is guaranteed by international institutions by means of international law .
it is important to look at the liberal idea of safety - or , in fact , to understand that this safety of international institutions will be guaranteed by international institutions through international institutions .

unter ihnen befanden sich zwei junge cambridge-absolventen , nämlich william astbury und john desmond bernal , die sich beide für das problem der proteinstruktur interessierten - astbury deshalb , weil er von bragg gebeten wurde , röntgendiagramme von wolle und seide anzufertigen .
among them were two recent cambridge graduates , william astbury and john desmond bernal , who became interested in the problem of protein structure--astbury as a result of being asked by bragg to provide x-ray diagrams of wool and silk .
there were two young cameras , in other words william williay and john desmond , who were in favour of the protein structure - bursty because he was asked to be called for - of hgvy ramid and asom .
there have been two young campon , namely wildo-bury and john monberd , who were both in favour of the problem of the protein structure - which was asked for by mr bursty , because of the ragg , he was asked for two new cambons of campon , the wildo-dog , and mr mornberd , who would like to see both those who are in favour of the problem of the protein structure of the protein structure of protein , which was asked for , because he was asked for by bragd , from brahgg , to be scasgvsemie , smies and a thimouren , a thiothide of athiothirian and a thirid . .

wir dürfen uns im klima der nachkriegsversöhnung , das die diplomaten immer so eifrig heraufbeschwören , nicht ängstlich der unheilvollen vorstellung hingeben , dass wir wegen der weltordnung vor schurkenstaaten in die knie zu gehen haben , die ihre völker terrorisieren und amerikanische bürger bedrohen .
in the spirit of post-war reconciliation that diplomats are always keen to engender , we must not reconcile ourselves to the timid , blighted notion that world order requires us to recoil before rogue states that terrorize their citizens and menace our own .
in the climate of war reconciliation , we must not , in the context of the climate of reconciliation which is always so sophisticated , unwarranted by the impoverished idea that , because of the order of the states , we never have a threat to the peoples of the nations of america and their citizens , we must never have the threat of war reconciliation .
in the climate of reconciliation , the diplomats of the warmest , not to give the unpleasant idea that we never have to go to the people of america , the people of terrorism and the citizens of the american people , because of the order of order .

