il faut donc créer de nouvelles règles du jeu .
so new rules of the game are needed .
we must therefore create new rules for the game .
we must therefore create new rules of the game .

nous ne sommes pas encore un village mondial .
we are , however , still not a global village .
we are not yet a global village .
we are not yet a global village .

l&apos; économie mondiale a également changé radicalement .
the global economy has changed dramatically , too .
the global economy has also changed radically .
the world economy has also changed radically .

ce n&apos; est donc pas la
so it is not the
so that is not the case .
that is not why this is not the case .

bien sûr que non !
heavens , no !
of course not !
of course not !

l&apos; amérique latine se glorifie d&apos; autres avantages sur le long terme .
latin america boasts still other long-term advantages .
latin america is proud of other benefits in the long term .
latin america has other benefits in the long term .

bien que cela puisse être vrai , la maturité possède son propre inconvénient .
while this may be true , there is a downside to maturity .
although this may be true , maturity has its own disadvantage .
although this may be true , maturity has its own disadvantage .

le 11 mars représente désormais la version européenne du 11 septembre américain .
march 11 is now europe &apos;s version of september 11 in america .
on 11 march , the european version of 11 september is now the american version .
on 11 march now represents the european version of 11 september in america .

pas plus que cela ne représente une question de discipline fiscale .
nor is it even a fiscal discipline issue .
nor is it a question of fiscal discipline .
nor is this a question of fiscal discipline .

je m&apos; occupe habituellement d&apos; économie , pas de politique .
i normally write about economics , not politics .
i am usually concerned about economics , not about politics .
i usually have a business , not a policy .

dans un monde idéal , les conflits se règlent à force d&apos; accords et de traités .
in an ideal world , conflicts end by agreements and treaties .
in an ideal world , conflicts are committed to agreements and treaties .
in an ideal world , conflicts are governed by agreements and treaties .

comme ils évitent de trop simplifier , les renards commettent moins d&apos; erreurs .
because they avoid over-simplification , foxes make fewer mistakes .
as they avoid over-simplifying them , they make less mistakes .
as they prevent too much simplification , there are fewer errors .

les caractéristiques de cette nouvelle structure ont déjà été étudiées dans un contexte très différent .
the characteristics of this new structure have already been studied in a very different context .
the characteristics of this new structure have already been studied in a very different context .
the characteristics of this new structure have already been studied in a very different context .

la solidarité européenne ne peut survivre à cette négligence et n&apos; y survivra pas .
european solidarity cannot and will not survive their neglect .
european solidarity cannot survive this negligence and will not survive it .
european solidarity cannot survive for this negligence and will not survive .

j&apos; en rejette la responsabilité sur deux problèmes non résolus , mais solubles .
i blame two unsolved , but solvable , problems .
i do not accept the responsibility for two unresolved problems , but to deal with them .
i reject the responsibility on two unresolved problems , but can be solved .

le fait que les américains soient prêts à la payer suggère que cette valeur potentielle est supérieure aux coûts .
that americans are willing to pay this suggests that the option value exceeds the costs .
the fact that the americans are prepared to pay it suggests that this potential value is higher than the costs .
the fact that the americans are prepared to pay it suggests that this potential value is higher than costs .

outre l&apos; enterrement de la proposition de traité constitutionnel , elle a largement abandonné la question du budget .
besides burying the draft constitution , it has largely sidestepped the budget issue .
in addition to the bubble of the draft constitutional treaty , it has largely abandoned the issue of the budget .
in addition to burying the proposal for a constitutional treaty , it has largely abandoned the issue of the budget .

le président chávez devra clarifier le contenu et le sens de sa « révolution bolivarienne » .
president chávez will need to clarify the content and meaning of his &quot; bolivarian revolution . &quot;
president chávez will have to clarify the content and meaning of his &apos; bolivarian revolution &apos; .
president chávez will have to clarify the content and meaning of his &apos; bolibolivia &apos; .

la première ville importante à connaître un boom fut londres , aux alentours de 1996 .
the first big city to boom was london , starting around 1996 .
the first important city to know a boom was in london , in the alententings of 1996 .
the first important city to know a boom was london , in the 1996 round .

ces considérations devraient guider le choix du dispositif destiné à remplacer le pacte de stabilité en europe .
these considerations should guide the choice of what will follow the stability pact in europe .
these considerations should guide the choice of the mechanism to replace the stability pact in europe .
these considerations should guide the choice of the mechanism to replace the stability pact in europe .

la critique indirecte du présent est souvent un élément clé d&apos; une vision idéalisée du passé .
indirect criticism of the present is usually a key element in idealized views of the past .
the indirect criticism of the present is often a key element in an idealised vision of the past .
the indirect criticism of the present is often a key element of an ideal vision of the past .

a sydney , les prix des habitations sont en fait tombés au cours du deuxième trimestre .
in sydney , home prices actually fell in the second quarter .
in the second quarter of the quarter , the price of homes has actually fallen .
the price of homes has actually fallen during the second quarter .

mais ce que les critiques omettent souvent de mentionner est que la même logique s&apos; applique au monde actuel .
but what the critics often don &apos;t say is that the same logic applies to the world today .
but what criticism often fails to mention is that the same logic applies to the current world .
but what the criticism often fails to mention is that the same logic applies to the current world .

dans les faits , cependant , la pression des pairs s&apos; est transformée en collusion de pairs .
in practice , however , peer pressure has become peer collusion .
in fact , however , peer pressure has turned into peer collusion .
in fact , however , the peer pressure has turned into peer collusion .

et l&apos; élément clé qui détermine s&apos; ils garderont cette bonne santé reste l&apos; accès à une eau propre .
and a key determinant of whether they will have good health or not is access to clean water .
and the key element that determines whether they will keep this healthy health remains access to clean water .
and the key element which determines whether they will retain this good health remains access to clean water .

finalement , le processus d&apos; élargissement lui-même est manifestement un symbole d&apos; unité européenne sociale , civile et culturelle .
finally , the enlargement process itself is also manifestly a symbol of european social , civic , and cultural unity .
finally , the enlargement process itself is clearly a symbol of european social , civil and cultural unity .
finally , the enlargement process itself is clearly a symbol of european social , civil and cultural unity .

les forces militaires américaines représentent un élément essentiel de la majeure partie des actions accomplies par les etats-unis sur le plan international .
america &apos;s armed forces are an essential background to much of what the us accomplishes internationally .
the us military forces are an essential element of the major part of the actions carried out by the united states internationally .
the us military forces represent a key element in the most important part of the actions carried out by the united states at international level .

leurs recherches comprennent sûrement la jeune science du management de l&apos; entreprise virtuelle : comment nourrir et soutenir des cellules auto-organisées .
their research surely includes the young science of virtual enterprise management : how to nurture and support self-organizing cells .
their research certainly includes the young science of the management of the virtual company : how to feed and support self-organised cells .
their research certainly includes the young science of virtual business management : how to feed and support self-organised cells .

il est inutile de nier que la participation civique sert trop souvent uniquement à légitimer des faux-semblants .
it is no use denying that civic participation too often serves only to legitimize a sham .
it is pointless to deny that civic participation is too often used only to legitimise the mistakes .
it is unnecessary to deny that civil participation is all too often used to legitimise the mistakes that seem to be apparent .

malheureusement , le système européen de financement gouvernemental direct est victime de la croissance économique européenne lente et des déficits budgétaires .
unfortunately , europe &apos;s system of direct government financial support is falling victim to europe &apos;s slow economic growth and budget deficits .
unfortunately , the european direct government funding system is a victim of slow european economic growth and budgetary deficits .
unfortunately , the european direct government financing system is a victim of slow european economic growth and budget deficits .

la situation actuelle de la droite dans les pays d&apos; europe centrale s&apos; explique aussi par leur histoire et leur tradition .
the situation of the political right in each central european country is also influenced by experiences that are rooted in history and tradition .
the current situation of the right in the countries of central europe is also explained by their history and tradition .
the current situation of the right in central european countries is also due to their history and tradition .

finalement , quelle que soit la lumière au bout du tunnel , elle ne brillera peut-être pas avant 2007 , après les élections françaises .
in the end , whatever light there is , it may not shine until 2007 , after the french elections .
finally , whatever the light at the end of the tunnel , it may not be successful before 2007 , after the french elections .
finally , regardless of the light at the end of the tunnel , it may not be successful before 2007 , after the french elections .

envisager le monde post-kyoto nous offre la chance d&apos; entamer un nouveau dialogue et de considérer les nouvelles options possibles sur le changement climatique .
looking ahead to the post-kyoto world offers us the chance to start a new dialogue and to look at new options on climate change .
looking at the post-kyoto world offers us the chance to start a new dialogue and to consider the new possible options for climate change .
looking at the post-kyoto world offers us the chance to start a new dialogue and to look at the new options on climate change .

mais les inégalités et un certain sens de la privation contribuent au ressentiment et à l&apos; instabilité sociale , et menacent la sécurité .
but inequality and a sense of deprivation do contribute to resentment and social instability , threatening security .
but inequalities and a certain sense of depopulation contribute to the resentment and social instability , and threaten security .
but inequalities and a sense of depletion contribute to the resentment and social instability , and threaten security .

un tel débat devrait aussi concerner l&apos; école , ses règles , ses objectifs et les contenus qu&apos; elle doit véhiculer .
such a debate should also involve education - its rules , objectives , and contents .
such a debate should also concern school , its rules , its objectives and the content it needs to make .
such a debate should also concern school , its rules , its objectives and the content it needs to carry out .

faute d&apos; alternative plausible , on ne peut qu&apos; espérer que ce sera aussi le cas pour les israéliens et les palestiniens .
in the absence of plausible alternatives , one hopes that this will also be the case for israelis and palestinians .
without a plausible alternative , we can only hope that this will also be the case for the israelis and the palestinians .
we can only hope that this will also be the case for the israelis and the palestinians .

il est certain que la démocratie implique une durée limitée dans le temps pendant laquelle les puissants de ce monde doivent pouvoir exercer leur pouvoir sans contestation .
to be sure , democracy implies limiting the time that the powerful have to exercise their power without challenge .
it is certain that democracy means a limited period in which the powerful in this world must be able to exercise their power without dispute .
it is certain that democracy means a limited period in which the powerful world must be able to exercise their power without dispute .

dans les mois à venir , plusieurs cycles de mise à la retraite devraient permettre au président de placer ses pions à des postes de responsabilité .
in the coming month , several rounds of retirements should allow the president to place more of his people in positions of power .
in the coming months , a number of retirement cycles should allow the president to place his own posts of responsibility .
in the coming months , a number of retirement cycles should allow the president to put his own hands into positions of responsibility .

l&apos; envie populaire pressante pour le changement plutôt que pour une situation confortable est donc devenue maintenant le souci principal de tout coréen moyen .
a popular yearning for change , not the security situation , is now the overriding concern of ordinary koreans .
the pressing popular desire for change rather than for a comfortable situation has now become the main concern of all korean people in the medium term .
the pressing popular desire for change rather than a strong situation has now become the main concern of korean as a means .

même s&apos; il est motivé par les meilleures intentions du monde , l&apos; espoir de ressusciter la feuille de route n&apos; a rien de réaliste .
while motivated by the best of intentions , the hope of reviving the road map is out of touch with reality .
even if it is motivated by the best intentions of the world , the hope that the roadmap will continue to be realistic .
even if it is motivated by the best intentions of the world , the hope to regenerate the road map has nothing realistic .

toute politique extérieure américaine doit associer intérêts et valeurs car le public américain insiste toujours pour que les objectifs nationaux américains soient liés aux idéaux nationaux .
any us foreign policy must combine interests and values , because the american public always insists that us national objectives be linked to national ideals .
any us foreign policy must combine interests and values , because the us public always insists that the american national objectives should be linked to national ideals .
any american foreign policy must involve interests and values , because the us public is always insisting that the american national objectives should be linked to national ideals .

le fait que tous les médicaments , outre leurs bénéfices , produisent des effets indésirables chez certains patients est l&apos; une des raisons d&apos; être de la pharmacovigilance .
inherent to drug safety is the fact that all drugs , in addition to their benefits , cause harm in certain patients .
the fact that all medicinal products , in addition to their profits , produce undesirable effects among some patients is one of the reasons for being pharmacovigilance .
the fact that all medicinal products , in addition to their profits , produce undesirable effects among certain patients is one of the reasons for being more vigilant .

puis , à l&apos; exception d&apos; un seul ministre , ils ont tous décidé que leur économie devait souffrir encore un peu de cette infamie ou pire encore .
then , to a minister , without exception , they all but decided that their economies should suffer more of the same , if not worse .
then , with the exception of one minister , they all decided that their economy should still suffer a little from this infamy or even worse .
then , with the exception of a single minister , they have all decided that their economy should still suffer a little from this infamous or worse .

ils doivent faire la preuve de ce qu&apos; ils avancent , et ils doivent le faire devant une opinion internationale qui les pense capables de trafiquer des preuves .
it is incumbent upon bush and blair to prove their case , and to prove it in the face of worldwide suspicion that the us and uk security agencies might plant phony evidence .
they must show the evidence of what they are moving forward , and they must do so in the face of an international opinion which thinks they can give evidence .
they must show what they are moving , and they must do so before an international opinion which thinks they can put evidence .

mais , si convaincante que soit la cause d&apos; une intervention humanitaire militaire , de telles actions doivent être entreprises sous l&apos; égide de la charte de l&apos; onu .
but , however compelling the cause of humanitarian military intervention , such actions must be brought under the umbrella of the un charter .
but , if convincing that is the cause of military humanitarian intervention , such actions must be undertaken under the aegis of the un charter .
but , if convincing , if the cause of military humanitarian intervention , such action must be taken under the auspices of the un charter .

il est remarquable que roh ait remporté l&apos; élection en dépit de la décision nord-coréenne de réactiver ses réacteurs nucléaires arrêtés depuis 1994 .
remarkably , roh won the election despite north korea &apos;s decision to reactivate nuclear reactors that had been frozen since 1994 .
it is remarkable that roh won the election despite the north korean decision to reactivate its nuclear reactors arrested since 1994 .
it is remarkable that roh won the election despite the north korean decision to reactivate its nuclear reactors arrested since 1994 .

la plupart de ses citoyens vivent sur les côtes et bénéficient d&apos; un accès privilégié au commerce international , et d&apos; autres vivent dans les villes , un autre avantage pour la croissance .
most people live near the coasts , with good access to international trade , and most live in cities - another advantage for growth .
most of its citizens live on the coast and enjoy privileged access to international trade , and others live in cities , another advantage for growth .
most of its citizens live on the coast and enjoy privileged access to international trade , and others live in cities , another advantage for growth .

une autorité fiscale indépendante pourrait sans doute appliquer les objectifs à long terme d&apos; une société dans ces domaines mieux que les politiciens qui ont leurs yeux fixés sur les prochaines élections .
an independent fiscal authority could arguably implement a society &apos;s long-term goals in these areas better than politicians , who have their eyes on the next election .
an independent fiscal authority could probably apply the long-term objectives of a society in these areas better than politicians who have their eyes on the next elections .
an independent tax authority could undoubtedly apply the long-term objectives of a society in these areas better than politicians who have set their eyes on the next elections .

quatre ans plus tôt , m. chávez s&apos; est séparé de l&apos; ancienne constitution en utilisant un plébiscite pour en créer une nouvelle , faite sur mesure pour lui .
four years ago , chávez deviated from the old constitution by using a plebiscite to engineer a new one , tailor-made for him .
four years earlier , mr chávez separate himself from the old constitution using a plebiscite to create a new measure for him .
four years earlier , mr chávez has separate from the old constitution by using a joke in order to create a new measure for him .

les entreprises virtuelles sont inhabituellement novatrices , et dans le secteur des affaires , elles constituent sans doute le seul système capable d&apos; élaborer efficacement un produit unique .
virtual enterprises are unusually innovative , and , in the business sector , they are possibly the only system that can build a one-off product well .
the virtual companies are usually innovative , and in the business sector they are undoubtedly the only system capable of producing a single product effectively .
virtual companies are usually innovative , and in the business sector they are probably the only system that can effectively draw up a single product .

une structure claire de règles formelles reste le meilleur antidote à ces défaillances parce qu&apos; elles renforcent les habitudes informelles sur lesquelles s&apos; appuient tant les sociétés .
a clear structure of formal rules is the best antidote to these flaws , for they bolster the informal customs on which so much in society depends .
a clear structure of formal rules remains the best antitrust to these failures because they strengthen the informal habits on which companies are based .
a clear structure of formal rules remains the best way to these shortcomings because they strengthen the informal habits on which companies are based .

malgré le sida et la résurgence de la malaria et de la tuberculose , l&apos; espérance de vie a augmenté presque partout dans le monde grâce à l&apos; amélioration des systèmes de santé publique .
despite aids and the resurgence of malaria and tuberculosis , life expectancy has increased in much of the world due to improved public health systems .
despite aids and the resurgence of malaria and tuberculosis , life expectancy has increased almost everywhere in the world through improving public health systems .
despite aids and the resurgence of malaria and tuberculosis , life expectancy has increased almost everywhere in the world by improving public health systems .

la déflation --le déclin régulier et continu des prix-- encourageait le monde des affaires et les consommateurs à réduire leurs dépenses et à thésauriser leurs liquidités .
deflation --a steady ongoing decline in prices-- gave businesses and consumers powerful incentives to cut spending and hoard cash .
the regular and continuing decline of prides - encouraged the business world and consumers to reduce their spending and theirs to risk their liquidity .
the constant and continuous decline of the primacy - encouraging the business world and consumers to reduce their expenditure and to risk their liquidity .

les événements de 1989 restent très sensibles et la place tienanmen est si bien gardée qu&apos; il est difficile d&apos; imaginer qu&apos; il puisse bientôt s&apos; y produire une quelconque manifestation .
the events of 1989 remain so sensitive , and tiananmen square so securely guarded , that it is hard to imagine a protest happening there soon .
the events of 1989 remain very sensitive and tianmen &apos;s place is so well kept that it is difficult to imagine that there will soon be any demonstration .
the events of 1989 remain very sensitive and the tienanmen is so good that it is difficult to imagine that there will soon be any demonstration .

en fait , nombreux sont les coréens qui perçoivent maintenant la présence américaine , et non le régime communiste de la corée du nord , comme le plus grand obstacle à l&apos; unification .
indeed , many ordinary people now view the us presence , and not north korea &apos;s communist regime , as the biggest obstacle to unification .
in fact , there are many korean people who now see us presence , not the communist regime in north korea , as the greatest obstacle to unification .
in fact , there are many korean people who now see the us presence , not the communist regime of north korea , as the greatest obstacle to unification .

les avocats de l&apos; ancien directeur général de yukos , mikhaïl khodorkovsky , ont porté plainte devant la cour européenne des droits de l&apos; homme à strasbourg .
former yukos ceo mikhail khodorkovsky &apos;s lawyers have sent a complaint to the european court for human rights in strasbourg .
the lawyers of the former director-general of laos , mikhail khodorkovsky , have complained to the european court of human rights in strasbourg .
lawyers of the former directorate of the former directorate , mila mil khodorkovsky , have complained to the european court of human rights in strasbourg .

le système de double cours du change a agi comme un impôt sur exportation , mais il n&apos; a pas survécu longtemps , cédant la place à un cours du change unifié au niveau des échanges .
the two-tier exchange-rate system acted as an export tax , but it did not survive for long , giving way to a unified exchange rate on the trade account .
the dual exchange rate system has acted as an export tax , but it has not survived for a long time , giving room for a unified exchange exchange rate .
the dual exchange system has acted as a export tax , but it has not lived for a long time , giving place to a unified exchange rate in trade .

l&apos; homme d&apos; affaires qui fait la première « découverte » peut uniquement capturer une petite partie de la valeur sociale que ce savoir génère , et rapidement , il est suivi sur ce chemin par d&apos; autres .
the entrepreneur who makes the initial &quot; discovery &quot; can capture only a small part of the social value that this knowledge generates , as other entrepreneurs will quickly emulate him .
the businessman who is the first discovery can only catch a small part of the social value that this knowledge creates , and quickly , it is followed on this path by others .
human beings who are the first ‘ dis’ can only captain a small part of the social value that this knowledge creates , and quickly , it is followed up on this path by others .

plus de 80 % des enfants vont à l&apos; école primaire , contre 50 % en 1970 et la mortalité infantile a diminué , passant de plus de 10 % à 6,5 % durant la même période .
more than 80 % of children now attend primary school , up from 50 % in 1970 , and infant mortality has fallen from more than 10 % to 6.5 % over the same period .
more than 80 % of children go to primary school , compared with 50 % in 1970 and infant mortality has declined , from more than 10 % to 6.5 % during the same period .
more than 80 % of children go to primary school , against 50 % in 1970s and child mortality has fallen by over 10 % to 6.5 % during the same period .

quand les chefs de gouvernement élus pour des mandats fixes ne bénéficient plus d&apos; aucun soutien politique , ils ne peuvent être déchus par une motion de censure telle qu&apos; elle existe dans les systèmes parlementaires .
when chief executives with fixed terms of office lose political support , they cannot be removed through a no-confidence vote , as in parliamentary systems .
when the elected heads of government for fixed mandates no longer receive political support , they cannot be dismissed by a motion of censure as it exists in parliamentary systems .
when the heads of government elected for fixed mandates no longer receive political support , they cannot be dismissed by a motion of censure as it exists in parliamentary systems .

l&apos; ironie , évidemment , réside dans le fait que la plupart des quinze anciens états membres ont refusé aux nouveaux pays entrants l&apos; accès complet et immédiat aux marchés de l&apos; emploi occidentaux .
the irony , of course , was that most of the 15 old member states had refused to give the new members full and immediate access to the western job markets .
the irony , of course , lies in the fact that most of the fifteen old member states have refused the new countries full and immediate access to western employment markets .
the irony , of course , lies in the fact that most of the fifteen old member states have refused to deny the new countries full and immediate access to western employment markets .

l&apos; argentine , le chili et d&apos; autres pays pourraient devenir des producteurs agricoles de pointe , à l&apos; avant-garde de l&apos; agro-biotechnologie par exemple , s&apos; ils s&apos; en donnaient la peine .
argentina , chile , and other countries could become high-tech agricultural producers , in the forefront of agro-biotechnology for example , if they put their minds to it .
argentina , chile and other countries could become leading agricultural producers , for example , at the forefront of agri-biotechnology , if they were to make the penalty .
argentina , chile and other countries could become leading agricultural producers , at the forefront of agri-biotechnology , for example , if they were worth it .

une telle spécificité aide à comprendre pourquoi certains pays réussissent ( la chine , l&apos; inde , la corée du sud et taiwan parmi d&apos; autres ) en associant des éléments peu orthodoxes à des politiques tout à fait traditionnelles .
such specificity helps explain why successful countries--china , india , south korea , and taiwan , among others--usually combined unorthodox elements with orthodox policies .
such a specific help to understand why some countries succeed ( china , india , south korea and taiwan among others ) by involving unorthodox elements to completely traditional policies .
such a specific nature of aid to understand why some countries succeed ( china , india , south korea and taiwan among others ) by linking unorthodox elements to totally traditional policies .

les experts peuvent ne pas tomber d&apos; accord sur la pertinence de cette décision , mais personne n&apos; est d&apos; accord avec les nombreux leaders politiques qui déclarent que cette petite augmentation fera dérailler la petite reprise de la croissance économique .
experts can disagree about whether the move was premature , but no one agrees with the many political leaders who have argued that the tiny hike will derail the timid resumption of economic growth .
experts cannot agree on the relevance of this decision , but no one agrees with the many political leaders who say that this small increase will make the small recovery of economic growth easier .
experts cannot agree on the relevance of this decision , but no one agrees with the many political leaders who say that this small increase will remove the small recovery of economic growth .

ils ont réaffirmé leur engagement envers le pacte de stabilité et de croissance , qui exige des pays de la zone euro des augmentations d&apos; impôts et des baisses de dépenses publiques , accentuant la pression sur leur économie .
they reiterated their commitment to the stability and growth pact , which requires euro-zone countries to raise taxes and cut spending , putting even more downward pressure on their economies .
they reaffirmed their commitment to the stability and growth pact , which requires countries in the euro zone to increase tax increases and cuts in public spending , increasing pressure on their economy .
they reaffirmed their commitment to the stability and growth pact , which requires countries in the euro area to increase taxes and cuts in public expenditure , increasing pressure on their economy .

les groupes d&apos; opposition libanais , tout comme les partisans de m. hariri , accusent ouvertement le régime de bashir assad , le président syrien , d&apos; être responsable de cette tuerie .
opposition groups in lebanon , as well as hariri supporters , openly accused syrian president bashar assad &apos;s regime of being responsible for the killing .
the lebanese opposition groups , like the supporters of mr hariri , openly condemn the regime of bashir assad , the syrian president , to be responsible for this killing .
the lebanese opposition groups , like the supporters of mr hariri , openly blame the bashassad regime , the syrian president , for being responsible for this tuary .

les états les plus dangereux sont ceux qui possèdent des armes de destruction massive , les armes chimiques , biologiques et nucléaires qui peuvent tuer non pas des centaines ou des milliers d&apos; individus , mais des centaines de milliers .
the most dangerous of these states are those that possess weapons of mass destruction , the chemical , biological , and nuclear weapons that can kill not hundreds or thousands but hundreds of thousands .
the most dangerous states are those with weapons of mass destruction , chemical , biological and nuclear weapons that can kill hundreds or thousands of individuals , but hundreds of thousands .
the most dangerous states are those who have weapons of mass destruction , chemical , biological and nuclear weapons that may not kill hundreds or thousands of individuals , but hundreds of thousands .

la croissance presque partout dans le monde au cours de ces vingt-cinq dernières années s&apos; est montrée plus faible qu&apos; au cours des vingt-cinq années précédentes , malgré la croissance fulgurante de l&apos; asie de l&apos; est , de l&apos; inde et de quelques autres pays .
growth in much of the world during the past quarter-century has been slower than in the previous 25 years , despite more rapid growth in east asia , india , and a few other countries .
almost all over the world over the past 25 years has shown itself to be lower than in the past 25 years , despite the huge growth in east asia , india and a few other countries .
almost all growth in the world over the last 25 years has been weaker than in the last 25 years , despite the growing growth in east asia , india and a few other countries .

les citoyens de l&apos; union européenne dont les origines sont dans d&apos; autres continents et dont la religion est hindoue , islamiste , sikh ou bouddhiste pourront-ils s&apos; identifier avec les valeurs et la culture « européennes » ?
will eu citizens whose origins are in other continents and whose religion is hindu or islam , sikh or buddhist , be able to identify with &quot; european &quot; values and culture ?
the citizens of the european union whose origins are in other continents and whose religion is theatre , islamist , islamic or buddhist , can they identify with the values and culture of europe ?
the citizens of the european union whose origins are in other continents , whose religion is dubious , islamist , islamic , sikh or buddistic , will identify with the values and culture of europe ?

cependant , facteurs militaires mis à part , là où de telles interventions sont envisagées il est d&apos; une importance vitale de concentrer les discussions de politique internationale sur le déploiement rapide d&apos; une présence civile et de sécurité liées l&apos; une à l&apos; autre .
however , apart from military factors , where such intervention is being considered , it is of vital importance to focus international policy discussion on the rapid deployment of a linked civilian and security presence .
however , military factors apart from this , where such interventions are envisaged , it is vitally important to concentrate international political discussions on the rapid deployment of a civil and security presence linked to each other .
however , apart from that , military factors , where such interventions are considered , it is of vital importance to focus international political discussions on the rapid deployment of civil and security presence linked to one another .

les entreprises indiennes côtées sur les bourses étrangères peuvent acquérir des biens immobiliers dans des pays étrangers et les entreprises résidentes sont habilitées à payer d&apos; avance la dette commerciale externe jusqu&apos; à concurrence de 100 millions de dollars .
indian companies listed abroad can buy property in foreign countries , and resident firms will be allowed to pre-pay external commercial debt up to us $ 100 million .
indian companies on foreign stock exchanges can acquire property in foreign countries and residential companies are entitled to pay for external trade debt until usd 100 million .
indian companies on foreign stock exchanges can acquire property in foreign countries and residential businesses are entitled to pay for external trade debt until usd 100 million .

la dernière fois que le gouvernement américain a essayé d&apos; assurer un budget équilibré malgré la récession , c&apos; était il y a soixante-dix ans , sous la présidence de herbert hoover au début de la grande dépression .
the last time an american government tried to ensure a balanced budget in the face of a recession was over seventy years ago , during the presidency of herbert hoover at the outset of the great depression .
last time the us government tried to ensure a balanced budget despite the recession , it was 70 years ago , under the presidency of herbert hoat the beginning of the great depressing pressure .
last time the american government tried to ensure a balanced budget despite the recession , it was 70 years ago under the presidency of herbert hoat the beginning of the great depressure .

voyez l&apos; étonnant fait suivant : avec quelques autres magasins du même style : target , best buy et home depot , wal-mart compte pour environ 50 % de la hausse de productivité tant vantée de l&apos; amérique par rapport à l&apos; europe au cours des dix dernières années .
consider the following stunning fact : together with a few sister &quot; big box &quot; stores ( target , best buy , and home depot ) , wal-mart accounts for roughly 50 % of america &apos;s much vaunted productivity growth edge over europe during the last decade .
look at the astonishing fact : with a few other shops of the same kind : the best possible way , the best possible and fax , wwart al-mart account for about 50 % of the increase in productivity of america in comparison with europe over the last ten years .
let us look at the wonder : with a few other shops of the same kind : on the one hand , on the one hand , on the one hand , on the one hand , and on the one hand , on the one hand , on the one hand , on the one hand , on the one hand , on the one hand , on the one hand , and on the other , on the one hand , on the other ten years .

si et quand la grande-bretagne se prononcera sur l&apos; adoption de l&apos; euro , il est plus que probable que le résultat de ce vote nous apprendra toutes sortes de choses sur tony blair et sur l&apos; union européenne , mais bien peu sur les mérites de la devise commune .
if and when britain votes on joining the euro , the result will most likely tell us all sorts of things about tony blair and about the european union , but little about the merits of the common currency .
if and when britain votes on the adoption of the euro , it is more than likely that the result of this vote will learn all sorts of things about tony blair and the european union , but little about the merits of the common currency .
if and when britain decides on the adoption of the euro , it is more likely that the result of this vote will learn all sorts of things on tony blair and on the european union , but little on the merits of the common currency .

l&apos; on s&apos; attend à ce que l&apos; amélioration des technologies et de leur diffusion rende le monde beaucoup plus riche en 2100 : avec une croissance annuelle de 2 pour cent , il atteindra presque 40.000 € par tête en termes de pouvoir d&apos; achat 2006 .
we expect improved technology and its spread to make the world of 2100 , at a 2 % annual growth rate , much richer : $ 50,000 per capita of year-2006 purchasing power .
it is expected that the improvement of technologies and the dissemination of technology will bring the world much more rich in 2100 : with annual growth of 2 % , it will reach almost 450 000 per head in terms of purchasing power in 2006 .
it is expected that the improvement of technologies and the dissemination of them will make the world much richer in 2100 : with an annual growth of 2 % , it will reach almost 40000000 per head in terms of purchasing power 2006 .

un exemple : lorsque la nouvelle classe d&apos; antalgiques appelée inhibiteurs cox-2 a été mise sur le marché , les régulateurs , les médecins et les patients ignoraient que ces médicaments pouvaient provoquer des crises cardiaques et des ictus .
for example , when the new class of painkillers called cox-2 inhibitors was introduced , regulators , physicians , and patients were unaware that these drugs could cause heart attacks and strokes .
one example is that when the new family of antalics called inhico2 was placed on the market , regulators , doctors and patients ignored that these medicines could cause heart crises and dci .
an example of this is that when the new class of anguish called cop 2 was put in place on the market , regulators , doctors and patients ignored that these medicines could cause heart crises and icatuses .

mais ce qu&apos; ils font , en fait , revient à gérer les problèmes les plus importants du moment au détriment de la disparition d&apos; institutions et de politiques mises en place par leurs prédécesseurs pour contrôler des problèmes qu&apos; ils percevaient comme les plus urgents .
but what they are doing , however , is dealing with the biggest problem of the moment but at the price of removing institutions and policies that policymakers before them had put into place to control problems which they felt to be the most pressing .
what they do , in fact , is to deal with the most important problems at the moment at the expense of the disappearance of institutions and policies put in place by their predecessors to control the problems that they felt were the most urgent .
but what they do , in fact , is to deal with the most important problems at the expense of the disappearance of institutions and policies put in place by their predecessors in order to monitor the problems they have seen as the most urgent .

en effet , le rythme des avertissements de la bce sur les risques d&apos; inflation s&apos; est accéléré ces derniers mois , et ce qui n&apos; était qu&apos; un « soyons vigilant » est devenu un « soyons très vigilant » en septembre , avant de se transformer en « vigilance accrue nécessaire quant aux risques élevés vis-à-vis de la stabilité des prix » en octobre .
indeed , the pace of ecb warnings about the risks of inflation has quickened in recent months -- the earlier &quot; we are vigilant &quot; became &quot; we are particularly vigilant &quot; in september , which became &quot; strong vigilance with regard to upside risks to price stability is warranted &quot; in october .
indeed , the pace of the ecb &apos;s warnings on the risks of inflation has speeded up in recent months , and what was only a &apos; vigilance &apos; has become a very vigilant &apos; in september , before turning into &apos; greater vigilance as regards the high risks to price stability &apos; in october .
indeed , the pace of the ecb &apos;s warnings on inflation risks has accelerated over the last few months , and this was only a &apos; vigilant &apos; has become a &apos; very vigilant &apos; in september , before turning into a &apos; greater vigilance necessary as regards the high risks of price stability in october .

le boom actuel a vu la contagion se propager à l&apos; intérieur des marchés et à travers les marchés , la hausse des prix alimentant l&apos; excitation populaire -et ainsi la hausse des prix elle-même-dans la même ville , puis dans d&apos; autres villes , jusqu&apos; à l&apos; autre côté de la planète .
the current boom has seen contagion within markets and across markets , as rising prices fuel popular excitement - and hence further price increases - in the same city , and then in other cities , even on the other side of the globe .
the current boom has seen the contagion spread within the markets and through the markets , rising the price of popular extermination and thus rising prices in the same city , and then in other cities , on the other side of the planet .
the current boom has seen the containers spread within the markets and through markets , the rise in prices that feed the popular excesses and thus the rise in prices in the same city , and then in other cities , to the other side of the planet .

à san francisco , par exemple , le symphony gère un projet appelé keeping score , financé avec des fonds privés à hauteur de 23 millions de dollars , qui comprend une série télévisée nationale , des émissions de radio , un apprentissage interactif de la musique et des programmes musicaux scolaires .
in san francisco , for example , the symphony runs a $ 23 million privately funded project -- called keeping score -- that includes a national public television series , radio shows , interactive music learning , and school music programs .
for example , in aung san franzco , for example , the symphony of a project called elegant , financed with private funds up to usd 23 million , which includes a series of national television television , radio emissions , interactive learning of music and music programmes in schools .
for example , the sis of a project known as a project , financed by private funds of usd 23 million , which includes a series of national television , radio emissions , interactive learning of music and ccs programmes .

schrã <unk> der reprã <unk> sente une plate-forme et un programme politique de gauche modã <unk> rã <unk> e , similaire ã la philosophie du nouveau parti travailliste du premier ministre anglais tony blair ou au centrisme de l&apos; ancien prã <unk> sident amã <unk> ricain bill clinton .
schröder has been representing a moderately left political platform and agenda , one comparable to british prime minister tony blair &apos;s new labour philosophy or former us president bill clinton &apos;s centrism .
a platform and a political programme of the would-be would-be left , similar to the philosophy of the new labour party of the british prime minister tony blair or the centrism of the former primand , the former priamriunited clinton bill , which is a leader of the british prime minister , mr blair and the centrism of the former primand .
a platform and a political programme for the whole of the united left has been repeated , similar to the philosophy of the new british prime minister tony blair or the centralisation of the former primacy of the former priests , which will include a platform and a political programme of the left of the left , which was repeated , similar to the philosophy of the new labour party of the british prime minister tony blair or the centrism of the former primacy of the primacy of the pramamming of amriamriad bill bill clinton .

toute approche doit être conçue en relation avec le contexte spécifique de chaque pays et les besoins de leur peuple respectif , mais il n&apos; y a aucune contrainte de base liée aux investissements d&apos; exploitation de l&apos; eau qui garantisse que les communautés locales et l&apos; environnement puissent en tirer des avantages tangibles rapidement .
any approach must be tailored to the circumstances of each country and the needs of its people , but there is no fundamental constraint to designing water development investments that ensure that local communities and the environment gain tangible and early benefits .
any approach must be designed in relation to the specific context of each country and the needs of their respective people , but there is no basic requirement for investment in water exploitation which ensures that local communities and the environment can benefit quickly .
in relation to the specific context of each country and the needs of their people are respected , but there is no basis for the use of water investment , which guarantees that local communities and the environment can gain tangible benefits quickly .

roh , un autodidacte qui réussit l&apos; examen du barreau sans jamais aller à l&apos; université ni faire son droit , a réussi à convaincre son électorat qu&apos; il ouvrirait une ère nouvelle en politique , reflétant mieux une corée du sud enrichie et dont la classe moyenne s&apos; est renforcée , balayant ainsi les jeux politique dominés par les initiés , les disputes régionales et les luttes de factions .
roh , a self-made man who passed a bar examination without going to college and law school , succeeded in convincing voters that he would usher in a new brand of politics reflecting south korea &apos;s growing wealth and middle class sentiments , thereby sweeping away insider-dominated politics , regional bickering , and factional struggles .
it has been possible to convince its electorate that it would open a new era in politics , which is better reflected in south korea and whose average class has strengthened , thereby leading the political games which have been dominated by the political games that have been launched by the previous speakers , the regional and the struggle , the regional factions and the struggle and the factions of the factions .
a self-didh , a self-didh , which is successful in examining the bull without ever going to the university or to do its right , has managed to convince his electorate that he would have a new era in politics , reflect better a benefit of the south korea and the average class , which has been strengthened , leading to the political games that have been dominated by the former regional disputes , the fighting and the struggle of the factions .

a cet endroit , dans ce golgotha des temps modernes , il a appelé les polonais qui se souvenaient de leurs familles gazées dans le crématoire d&apos; auschwitz ainsi que de celles gelées dans les camps de concentration en sibérie , à une fraternité consacrée à la lutte contre la haine et la vengeance , même justifiées .
on that spot , that golgotha of modern times , he called the poles , who remembered dear ones gassed to death in auschwitz &apos;s crematoria as well as those frozen into glass in siberia &apos;s concentration camps , to a brotherhood devoted to struggle against even justified hatred and revenge .
in that place , in the gola of modern times , he called on the poles who remember their gas families in the mashenko and those frozen in the concentration camps in siberia , to fraternity , to fight against hatred and even justified hatred .
in this context , in this context , it called for modern times , the polish people who reminded themselves of their gas families in the maauschchch, as well as frozen camps in siberia in siberian concentration camps in siberian concentration camps in siberberia , in a fraternberity of the fight against hatred and even justified , justified use of the fight against hatred .

