certainement pas par une foi aveugle dans la technologie .
not blind faith in technology .
certainly not blind faith in technology .
certainly not by a blind faith in technology .

aussi ne changea-t-on pas les politiques environnementales .
so no change in policy .
environmental policies too have not changed .
also , environmental policies have not changed .

le vrai prix de la guerre en irak
the true costs of the iraq war
the real price of the war in iraq
the real price of war in iraq

expérience est le mot juste ici .
experiment is the right word here .
experience is the right word here .
experience is the right word here .

le syndrome interventionniste
the intervention syndrome
interventionist syndrome
the intervention of the interventionist policy

après kyoto
after kyoto
after kyoto ,
after kyoto ,

de manière ironique , les nations unies sombreront avec lui .
in a fitting irony , the united nations is going down with him .
ironically , the united nations will compete with it .
ironic , the united nations will sink with him .

les consommateurs y dépensent considérablement moins que dans des magasins traditionnels .
consumers pay significantly less than at traditional outlets .
consumers spend much less on it than in traditional shops .
consumers do not think that much less than in traditional shops .

l&apos; europe a accepté l&apos; idée d&apos; une politique commerciale unique .
europe has agreed to a single trade policy .
europe accepted the idea of a single trade policy .
europe has accepted the idea of a single trade policy .

l&apos; immigration ne devrait pas non plus causer de préoccupations inutiles .
immigration should not be a cause for undue concern , either .
nor should immigration cause unnecessary concern .
immigration should not cause unnecessary concerns either .

les décideurs européens semblent paralysés par une double peur .
twin fears appear to be paralyzing european policymakers .
european decision-makers seem to be paralysed by double fear .
european decision-makers seem to be paralysed by double fear .

· le problème de la pharmacovigilance doit être considéré comme un échec du système .
· the drug-safety problem must be seen as a systemic failure .
can the problem of pharmacovigilance be regarded as a failure of the system .
the problem of pharmacovigilance must be seen as a failure of the system .

ne liraient-ils pas davantage les rapports d&apos; experts ayant eu le plus souvent raison ?
wouldn &apos;t they be more likely to read pundits with better track records ?
do they not have more to do with expert reports that have been most often right ?
do they not get any more of the reports of experts who have been most often right ?

la guerre qui se déroule actuellement en irak en est sans doute la meilleure preuve .
the current war in iraq is perhaps the strongest proof of this .
the war currently taking place in iraq is undoubtedly the best proof .
the war that is currently taking place in iraq is probably the best proof .

les vieux stratèges de la guerre froide sont très déçus par tout ça .
all this comes as a disappointment to old cold war strategists .
the old stratters of the cold war are very disappointed by all this .
the old strains of the cold war are very disappointed by all this .

mais la stabilité est autant un problème de perception politique que de calculs techniques .
but stability is as much a matter of political perceptions as of technical calculations .
but stability is a problem of political perception and technical calculations .
but stability is a problem of political perception as well as technical calculations .

là , la confiance ne peut être construite que sur un rapprochement entre la chine et les etats-unis .
here confidence can only be built through the approach taken by the us to china .
there , confidence can only be built on a rapprochement between china and the united states .
there , confidence can only be built on closer relations between china and the united states .

les etats-unis n&apos; observent pas une approche &quot; une seule taille pour tous &quot; envers le monde .
the us does not have a &quot; one size fits all &quot; approach to the world .
the united states does not use a &apos; one size for all &apos; approach to the world .
the united states does not achieve a &apos; one size for all &apos; approach to the world .

était-ce là une vaine illusion ou une prophétie qui s&apos; exauce ?
was this wishful thinking or self-fulfilling prophecy ?
was that an illusion or a prophecy that exasperated this ?
was there an illusion or a prophony that is excesses ?

il a réussi , manifestement , à exporter des avions et de nombreux biens de consommation durables .
it has succeeded , notably , in exporting airplanes and many consumer durable goods .
it has obviously succeeded in exporting aircraft and many sustainable consumption goods .
it has obviously succeeded in exporting aircraft and many sustainable consumer goods .

cette accusation suggère que l&apos; eglise ne peut pas cohabiter facilement avec une démocratie pluraliste .
the accusation is meant to suggest that the church cannot live comfortably with a pluralist democracy .
this accusation suggests that egnos cannot easily live with pluralist democracy .
this charge suggests that egegnos cannot easily live with pluralist democracy .

le 18 avril se tiendra à bangkok une conférence pour examiner les perspectives d&apos; amélioration de la gouvernance en asie .
failure is punished by unrest , disaffection , and stagnation . on april 18
on 18 april , a conference will be held in kok to examine the prospects for improving governance in asia .
on 18 april , a conference will be held in kok to examine the prospects for improving governance in asia .

la police communiste a disparu des rues principales de varsovie , les rues sont devenues des modèles d&apos; ordre .
communist police disappeared from the main streets of warsaw , yet the streets became models of order .
the communist police have disappeared from the main streets of warsaw , the streets have become models of order .
the communist police have disappeared from the main streets of warsaw , the streets have become models of order .

l&apos; administration ne veut pas non plus regarder en face les problèmes de recrutement militaire et de maintien des troupes .
nor does the administration want to face up to the military &apos;s recruiting and retention problems .
the administration also does not want to look at the problems of military recruitment and the maintenance of troops .
the administration also does not want to look at the problems of military recruitment and the maintenance of troops .

du côté américain de l&apos; atlantique , l&apos; utilité de ces stabilisateurs fiscaux n&apos; est pas remise en cause .
on the american side of the atlantic , the usefulness of these automatic fiscal stabilizers is unchallenged .
on the us side of the atlantic , the usefulness of these fiscal stabilisation is not being called into question .
on the american side of the atlantic , the usefulness of these tax stabilising will not be called into question .

après tout , eux ont pu accéder à l&apos; industrialisation et à la richesse en polluant allégrement .
after all , they could take an easy , emissions-intensive path to industrialization and wealth .
after all , they have been able to access liberalisation and wealth by polluting it .
after all , they were able to access the co-existence and wealth by polluting them .

encourager l&apos; investissement étranger ou s&apos; adonner à la libéralisation totale puis attendre que la situation s&apos; améliore n&apos; est pas viable .
encouraging foreign investment or liberalizing everything and then waiting for things to improve does not work .
encouraging foreign investment or adjusting to complete liberalisation and then waiting for the situation to be improved is not sustainable .
encouraging foreign investment or adjusting to total liberalisation and then waiting for the situation to be improved is not viable .

les pressions du groupe des nations amies pourraient entraîner chaque partie à accepter cette dernière chance d&apos; éviter un krach politique .
pressure from the group of friendly nations may induce both sides to accept this last chance to avoid a political and economic meltdown .
the pressure from the amus group could lead each side to accept this last chance of avoiding a political plate .
the pressure of the amies group could lead to each part in accepting this last opportunity to avoid a political euch .

cette décision , cruciale pour l&apos; avenir d&apos; une région instable , mettra à l&apos; épreuve la détermination et l&apos; unité occidentales .
this decision -- crucial to the future of an unstable region -- will test western determination and unity .
this decision , which is crucial for the future of an unstable region , will test the determination and western unity .
this decision , which is crucial for the future of an unstable region , will test the determination and unity of western unity .

c&apos; est pour cette raison que des experts indépendants mandatés par l&apos; onu devraient examiner les preuves qui pourraient être découvertes .
for this reason , independent un experts should assess any evidence that is uncovered .
it is for this reason that independent experts mandated by the un should examine the evidence that could be discovered .
it is for this reason that independent experts granted by the un should examine the evidence that could be discovered .

mais il existe dans toute démocratie , où des groupes extrémistes pourraient détourner le processus démocratique pour parvenir à leurs fins .
but the same is true for any other democracy , where radical groups could well misuse the democratic process for their purposes .
but there are in any democracy , where extremist groups could divert the democratic process to achieve their ends .
but there is in any democracy , where extremist groups could divert the democratic process in order to achieve their purpose .

chaque facteur mérite une attention plus grande si l&apos; on souhaite comprendre les conditions actuelles du marché et discerner les futures tendances des prix .
each factor deserves greater attention if we are to understand current housing market conditions and discern future price trends .
each factor deserves greater attention if the current market conditions are to be understood and future price trends are to be seen .
every factor deserves greater attention if we want to understand the current conditions of the market and look at future price trends .

la californie a ainsi montré le mauvais exemple et les californiens devront probablement payer un prix élevé pour leur erreur .
so california has set a bad example , and californians will probably pay a heavy price for it .
this has shown the wrong example and the fornians will probably have to pay a high price for their error .
in this way , the fornia has shown the bad example and the fornians will probably have to pay a high price for their error .

c&apos; est seulement en invitant le parti travailliste de shimon peres dans son cabinet que sharon a réussi à conserver sa majorité parlementaire .
only by bringing shimon peres &apos;s labor party into his cabinet did sharon manage to retain his parliamentary majority .
it is only by calling on the labour party in shimon peres in its cabinet that sharon has managed to retain its parliamentary majority .
it is only by calling on the labour party of shimon peres in his office that sharon has succeeded in maintaining its parliamentary majority .

malheureusement , le réchauffement de la planète détruira probablement les mêmes pays que ceux qui viennent d&apos; être ravagés par le tsunami .
sadly , global warming will likely destroy some of the same countries ravaged by the tsunami .
unfortunately , global warming will probably destroy the same countries as those that have just been devastated by the tsunami .
unfortunately , global warming will probably destroy the same countries as those who have just been affected by the tsunami .

ils n&apos; ont reçu en réponse , du moins au moment où j&apos; écris ces lignes , qu&apos; un silence implacable .
the response , at least at the time of this column &apos;s writing , has mostly been deafening silence .
they have not received an answer , at least at the time when i write these lines , that there is an absolute silence .
they have not received a reply , at least at the moment when i write these lines , than a strong silence .

la question fondamentale consiste à savoir si une convertibilité complète encouragerait les rentrées ou les sorties de fonds nettes de capitaux .
the fundamental question is whether full convertibility will encourage higher net inflows or outflows of capital .
the fundamental question is whether a complete convergent converge would encourage the rbs or the outbreaks of net capital funds .
the fundamental question is whether full conversion would encourage the tens or the outlets of capital funds .

normalement , un projet de défense américain encore à l&apos; état d&apos; embryon , ne devrait pas causer autant d&apos; excitation que le nmd .
normally , a us defense project in its infancy would not cause the excitement nmd generates .
normally , an american defence project still applies to the embryo state , should not cause as much excitement as the nmd .
normally , an american defence project still to the state of embryo should not cause as many excesses as the nmd .

on dit les états-unis très en colère contre la syrie et son refus de retirer ses troupes du liban comme l&apos; exige une résolution des nations unies .
the us is said to be extremely angry at syria &apos;s refusal to withdraw its forces from lebanon in line with a united nations resolution .
it is said that the united states is very angry against syria and its refusal to withdraw its troops from lebanon as required by a un resolution .
we are told by the united states in anger against syria and its refusal to withdraw its troops from lebanon as required by a united nations resolution .

pourtant , dans les pays où la très grande majorité des enfants achèvent une éducation primaire , peu d&apos; entre eux accèdent au cycle secondaire .
indeed , even in countries with high primary-school completion rates , many young people do not attend secondary school .
however , in countries where the vast majority of children are buying primary education , few of them are entering the secondary round .
however , in the countries where the vast majority of children buy primary education , few of which are accredited to the secondary round .

le soutien des exilés baasistes irakiens imputé à la syrie menace de faire du tort à ses relations avec le nouvel irak .
syria &apos;s suspected support for iraqi baathist exiles threatens to damage relations with the new iraq .
the support of the iraqi exasts who have been accused of syria threatens to harm its relations with the new iraq .
the support of iraqi exasbaist excesses for syria is threatening to make its relations with the new iraq wrong .

elle s&apos; est montrée conservatrice dans sa fidélité absolue aux valeurs évangéliques , à la vérité de la foi , à son identité historique .
it was conservative in its absolute fidelity to evangelical values , to the truth of faith , to its historical identity .
it has shown itself to be conservative in its absolute fidelity to the evictive values , to the truth of faith , to its historic identity .
it has shown itself to be conservative in its absolute fibre of the values of evangan , to the truth of faith , to its historic identity .

mais cela ne semble pas correspondre au désir de l&apos; électorat allemand , ce qui rend absolument imprévisible l&apos; aspect de la politique allemande d&apos; ici quatre ans .
but this does not seem to be what the german electorate wants , and this makes the complexion of german politics four years from now incalculable .
however , this does not seem to be in line with the desire of the german electorate , which makes the german policy aspect unpredictable by four years .
however , this does not appear to be in line with the desire of the german electorate , which makes the german policy aspect absolutely unpredictable by four years .

cela m&apos; amène à un autre point clé : une stratégie de sortie possible est aussi importante au succès de toute intervention humanitaire future que la stratégie d&apos; entrée .
this brings me to another key point : a workable exit strategy is just as important to the success of any future humanitarian intervention as the entry strategy .
this brings me to another key point : a possible exit strategy is as important as the success of any future humanitarian intervention as the entry strategy .
this brings me to another key point : a possible exit strategy is as important to the success of any future humanitarian intervention as the entry strategy .

mais en tchécoslovaquie , le rigide parti communiste n&apos; a pas pu donner naissance à un parti démocratique fort , encré à gauche .
no strong social democratic party in czechoslovakia could emerge from the rigid czechoslovak communist party .
but in czechoslovakia , the rigid communist party has not been able to create a strong democratic party , encred on the left .
in czechoslovakia , however , the rigid communist party has not been able to create a strong democratic party , which has been left to the left .

peut-être en partie en cause de leur position résolument anticommuniste , l&apos; eglise catholique et jean-paul ii reçoivent souvent l&apos; étiquette de « conservateurs » .
perhaps in part because of their strong anticommunist stance , the polish church and john paul ii are often branded as &quot; conservative . &quot;
perhaps partly because of their strong anti-communist position , the catholic egnos and jean-paul ii often receive the label of &apos; conservatives &apos; .
perhaps partly because of their firmly anti-communist position , the catholic egnos and john paul ii often receive the ‘ conservatives ’ label .

les hérissons sont ceux qui ont de grandes idées et s&apos; amourachent de grandes théories : idées libertaires , marxisme , environnementalisme , etc .
hedgehogs are big-idea thinkers in love with grand theories : libertarianism , marxism , environmentalism , etc .
the inheritance is those who have great ideas and are suffering from great theories : free ideas , marxism , climate change , etc .
they are those who have great ideas and are squeezing major theories : liberating ideas , marxism , trust and so on .

la seule manière rationnelle de procéder est probablement de reconnaître que les démarches unilatérales de chaque camp peuvent davantage favoriser la cause de la régression de la violence et de la réconciliation finale .
probably the only rational way to proceed would be to acknowledge that unilateral steps on both sides can still further the cause of de-escalation and ultimate reconciliation .
the only rational way to proceed is probably to recognise that unilateral steps by each side can further encourage the cause of the regression of violence and final reconciliation .
the only rational way to proceed is probably to recognise that the unilateral steps of each camp can further encourage the cause of the regaining of violence and final reconciliation .

la libéralisation économique mise en place dans de nombreux pays au cours des 25 dernières années était , dès le début , une politique discutable et ses conséquences sont devenues complètement évidentes .
the economic liberalization carried out in much of the world in the last 25 years was a flawed policy from the start , and its consequences have become glaringly obvious .
economic liberalisation in many countries in the last 25 years was , from the very beginning , a questionable policy and its consequences have become completely obvious .
economic liberalisation in many countries over the last 25 years was , from the beginning , a questionable policy and its consequences have become completely obvious .

la solidarité comme sens d&apos; une unité résultant d&apos; intérêts communs existe également clairement au sein des 15 membres d&apos; origine que des membres de l&apos; union élargie d&apos; aujourd&apos; hui .
solidarity , in the sense of unity resulting from common interests , also clearly exists within both the original eu-15 and the enlarged union .
solidarity as a sense of unity resulting from common interests also exists clearly in the 15 members of origin that members of the enlarged union of today .
solidarity as a sense of unity resulting from common interests also clearly exists within the 15 member states of origin than members of the enlarged union today .

quelles mesures devons-nous prendre aujourd&apos; hui pour réduire les risques posés à nos descendants et à notre planète par la probabilité croissante du réchauffement global et du changement climatiques ?
what actions are we obligated to take now in order to diminish the risks to our descendants and our planet from the increasing likelihood of global warming and climate change ?
what measures should we take today to reduce the risks posed to our downwards and to our planet by the growing probability of global warming and climate change ?
what measures should we take today to reduce the risks posed by our heads and our planet by the growing probability of global warming and climate change ?

la possibilité d&apos; une insuffisance budgétaire en matière de sécurité sociale et de santé est bien pire en europe et au japon en raison de statistiques démographiques bien plus difficiles .
the potential for budgetary shortfall with social security and health care is even worse in europe and japan , due to their more troublesome demographics .
the possibility of a lack of budget for social and health security is much worse in europe and japan because of much more difficult demographic statistics .
the possibility of insufficient budgetary security in the field of social security and health is much worse in europe and japan because of much more difficult demographic statistics .

si ces chiffres sont avérés , cela signifie que les décès provoqués par des médicaments se classent quatrième ou cinquième principale cause de mortalité ( selon les estimations sur la mortalité utilisées ) .
if true , drug-induced death would qualify as the fourth or fifth leading cause of death ( depending on which mortality estimates are used ) .
if these figures are proven , this means that the deaths caused by medicinal products are carried out by fourth or fifth main cause of death ( according to the estimates on the mortality used ) .
if these figures are proven , this means that the deaths caused by medicines are wiped out fourth or fifth main cause of mortality ( according to the estimates on the mortality used ) .

les sceptiques avertissent pourtant que les médias nous imposent leurs choix d&apos; orateurs et qu&apos; ils sont moins intéressés par des débats raisonnés que par la manière de s&apos; adapter aux préjugés populaires .
skeptics , however , warn that the mass media dictate the voices we hear and are less interested in reasoned debate than in catering to popular prejudices .
however , the sceptics warn us that the media impose their choices on speakers and that they are less interested in debates that are thought to adapt to popular prejudices .
the sceptical , however , is that the media impose their choice of speakers and that they are less interested in sensible debates than in the way they adapt to popular prejudice .

l&apos; opposition , entachée par son coup d&apos; état raté d&apos; avril 2002 , cherche maintenant à forcer m. chávez à la démission par l&apos; organisation d&apos; une grève général très coûteuse .
the opposition , tainted by their botched coup of april 2002 , now seeks to force chávez from office through a costly general strike .
the opposition , initiated by its coup d &apos;état in april 2002 , is now seeking to force mr chávez to resign by organising a very expensive general strike .
the opposition , initiated by its coup d &apos;rated coup in april 2002 , is now seeking to force mr chávez to the resignation by the organisation of a very expensive general strike .

william bragg obtint un diplôme de mathématiques à cambridge en 1884 et devint professeur de physique à adélaïde en australie .
william bragg graduated in mathematics in cambridge in 1884 , and became professor of physics in adelaide , australia .
william bragg obtint is a mathematical graduate in cambridge in 1884 and guests of physical professor in lake in australia .
william bragmtint obtint a mathematim in camera in 1884 and had a physical professor in lake in australia .

l&apos; une des impulsions qui régissent l&apos; engagement international de l&apos; amérique ( et l&apos; une des principales sources de sa puissance mondiale ) est sa volonté de rendre le monde meilleur .
one impulse behind america &apos;s international engagement , and one of the great sources of its global power , has been its enduring impulse to make the world a better place .
one of the impetus governing the international commitment of america ( and one of the main sources of its global power ) is its desire to make the world the best .
one of the impetus that governs the international commitment of america ( and one of the main sources of its global power ) is its desire to make the world better .

selon une récente étude soutenue par la banque mondiale sur les sociétés intéressées par le financement du carbone , seule une société sur cinq interrogées a déclaré qu&apos; elle était intéressée par les réductions des émissions après 2012 .
according to a recent world bank-supported survey of companies interested in carbon finance , only one in five respondents declared that they were interested in buying post-2012 emissions reductions .
according to a recent study supported by the world bank on carbon finance companies , only one in five cases has said that it is interested in emissions reductions after 2012 .
according to a recent study supported by the world bank on companies interested in carbon financing , only a company on five questions said that it was interested in reductions in emissions after 2012 .

· les pénalités applicables aux entreprises pharmaceutiques qui omettent de signaler et de communiquer les informations sur la sécurité de leurs médicaments doivent être augmentées de façon conséquente pour un effet dissuasif efficace .
· penalties for drug companies &apos; failure to report and communicate safety information must be increased dramatically if they are to serve as effective deterrents ;
the criminal penalties applicable to pharmaceutical companies that omit to point out and communicate information on the safety of their medicines must be substantially increased for an effective deterrent effect .
the penalties applicable to pharmaceutical companies who omit to point out and communicate information on the safety of their medicines must be substantially increased for an effective deterrent effect .

même ainsi , ils ne sont pas à l&apos; abri de catastrophes liées à l&apos; eau , comme la destruction de la nouvelle orléans par le cyclone katrina nous l&apos; a montré .
even so , they are not immune to water-related disasters , as hurricane katrina &apos;s destruction of new orleans taught us .
even so , they are not homelessness of water disasters , such as the destruction of the new orororleans by cyclone alirina has shown us .
even so , they are not homeless from water disasters , such as the destruction of the new orants suffered by the cyclone , mr rina , has shown us that .

les attaques terroristes du 11 septembre 2001 contre les etats-unis ont changé tout cela - non seulement les relations internationales mais aussi l&apos; équilibre entre les droits et les obligations que nous considérons depuis longtemps comme acquises .
the september 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in the united states allegedly changed everything - not only international relations , but the balance between rights and obligations that we long took for granted .
the terrorist attacks of 11 september 2001 against the united states changed all this - not only international relations but also the balance between the rights and obligations that we have been considering for a long time .
the terrorist attacks of 11 september 2001 against the united states have changed all this - not only international relations but also the balance between the rights and obligations that we have seen for a long time .

bien entendu , la russie offre des exemples de problèmes relatifs aux libertés politiques et fondamentales bien plus à la une de l&apos; actualité , comme la sale guerre en tchétchénie ou l&apos; affaire yukos .
of course , russia provides far more headline-grabbling examples of political and human rights problems , such as the low-grade war in chechnya or the yukos affair .
of course , russia offers examples of problems relating to political and fundamental freedoms much more than one of the current events , such as the dirty war in chechnya or the romanian affair .
of course , russia offers examples of the problems relating to political and fundamental freedoms much more than one of the topical events , such as the dirty war in chechnya or the randzio-plath affair .

a ce stade , les prix se montreront probablement instables à la baisse , parce que l&apos; enthousiasme pour l&apos; investissement dans la pierre s&apos; effondrera probablement en même temps que le déclin de la croissance des prix .
at this point , there is likely to be some downward instability in prices , because enthusiasm for investing in houses is likely to wane in line with declining price growth .
at this stage , prices will probably be unstable , because the enthusiasm for investment in the stone will probably collapse at the same time as the decline in price growth .
at this stage , prices will probably prove to be unstable because the enthusiasm for investment in the stone will probably collapse at the same time as the decline in price growth .

outre le manque d&apos; une présence civile et de sécurité visant à rassurer chaque communauté , le manque en général de mécanisme judiciaire permettant de rendre justice rapidement pour les crimes commis pendant et après l&apos; intervention a créé une tension supplémentaire .
in addition to the lack of an adequate civilian and security presence to reassure every community of its safety , the overall lack of legal mechanisms to deliver swift justice for crimes committed during and after the intervention created additional tension .
in addition to the lack of a civil and security presence to reassure each community , the lack of a judicial mechanism in general enabling justice to be brought to justice quickly for crimes committed during and after intervention has created further tension .
in addition to the lack of a civil and security presence to reassure each community , the general lack of a judicial mechanism to make justice quickly for crimes committed during and after intervention created additional tension .

les négociations se poursuivent , mais , comme l&apos; a dit avec beaucoup de tact le négociateur de l&apos; onu et ancien président finlandais martti ahtisaari au conseil de sécurité , elles sont mortes dans les faits .
talks continue , but , as un negotiator and former finnish president martti ahtisaari diplomatically told the security council , they are effectively dead .
the negotiations are continuing , but , as has been said by many tacts by the un negotiator and former finnish president martti ahtisaari in the security council , they are morally in reality .
the negotiations continue , but , as has been said with a great deal of tact , the un negotiator and the former finnish president , the security council , are dead in the facts .

l&apos; organisation mondiale du commerce ( omc ) , soi-disant fondée sur le principe d&apos; un pays un vote , voit en réalité son ordre du jour programmé dans les coulisses par un petit groupe de nations .
the world trade organization ( wto ) , supposedly run on the principle of one country one vote , actually has its agenda selected behind the stage by a small group of nations .
the world trade organisation ( wto ) , which is supposed to be based on the principle of a country voting , actually sees its agenda planned in the corridors by a small group of nations .
the world trade organisation ( wto ) , which is supposed to be based on the principle of a country &apos; s vote , actually sees its agenda as planned by a small group of nations .

il est peu réaliste de demander aux pays pauvres , où plus de 1,6 milliards d&apos; individus n&apos; ont pas accès à l&apos; énergie et aux technologies propres , de supporter les coûts associés au changement technologique tant attendu .
it is unrealistic to ask poor countries , where more than 1.6 billion people do not have access to clean energy and technologies , to bear the costs associated with the much needed technological change .
it is not realistic to call on poor countries , where more than 1.6 billion people do not have access to energy and clean technologies , to bear the costs associated with technological change so long overdue .
it is not realistic to ask poor countries , where more than 1.6 billion people do not have access to energy and clean technologies , to bear the costs associated with the expected technological change .

en dépit des ronchonnements occasionnels des politiciens , personne ne doute sérieusement de l&apos; indépendance de la banque centrale européenne pas plus que du fait que la politique monétaire en vigueur dans la zone euro ne soit par conséquent bien protégée contre les pressions politiques .
despite occasional grumbles from politicians , no one seriously doubts the european central bank &apos;s independence , or that monetary policy within the euro zone is therefore well insulated from political pressures .
in spite of the ruins of politicians , no one doubts the independence of the european central bank more than the fact that the monetary policy in force in the euro area is therefore protected against political pressures .
despite the fact that politicians , no one seriously doubts the independence of the european central bank as a result of the fact that the monetary policy in force in the euro area is therefore not protected against political pressure .

en d&apos; autres termes , si les riches sont avares aujourd&apos; hui envers nos descendants plus riches et si nous décidons de leur laisser se débrouiller avec un désastre écologique , nous devons maintenant être généreux avec les pauvres de ce monde .
in short , if the world &apos;s rich are stingy today toward our much richer descendants , and if we want to leave our environmental mess to them to deal with , we should be lavish toward the world &apos;s poor .
in other words , if the rich are swamped today towards our rich and if we decide to leave them out with an ecological disaster , we must now be generous with the poor in the world .
in other words , if the rich are now in favour of our richer ones , and if we decide to leave them with an ecological disaster , we must now be generous with the poor in this world .

les dangers sanitaires -- réacteurs nucléaires , armes à feu , et aliments contaminés -- nous menacent tous , c&apos; est pourquoi les gouvernements jouent un rôle actif pour les limiter , par le biais de réglementations souvent couronnées de succès .
health hazards -- nuclear reactors , guns , and contaminated foods -- surround all of us , so governments take an active role in limiting these hazards through regulations , which , in many cases , are very successful .
the health dangers - nuclear reactors , nuclear weapons , fire and contaminated food - threaten us all , which is why governments play an active role in limiting them , through often successful regulations .
we all threaten the health dangers - nuclear reactors , weapons , fire and contaminated food - that is why governments play an active role in limiting them , through often successful regulations .

plus facile cependant car une fois ces contraintes clairement objectivées , des changements de politique relativement simples peuvent rapporter énormément d&apos; un point de vue économique et ouvrir la voie à un cercle virtuel de croissance et de réformes institutionnelles .
but it is easier because once those constraints are appropriately targeted , relatively simple policy changes can yield enormous economic payoffs and start a virtuous cycle of growth and institutional reform .
however , it is easier to make it easier , because once these clear constraints have been raised , relatively simple political changes can bring a great deal of economic significance and open the way to a virtual circle of growth and institutional reform .
however , it is easier , however , because once these very clear constraints have been imposed , relatively simple political changes can bring about a great deal from an economic point of view and open the way to a virtual circle of growth and institutional reforms .

il y a vingt-cinq ans , le peuple polonais s&apos; est étonné que l&apos; un d&apos; entre eux , le cardinal karol wojtyla de cracovie , ait été désigné pour accéder à la papauté .
twenty-five years ago , poland &apos;s people were stunned by the choice of their compatriot , cardinal karol wojtyla of cracow , as pope .
25 years ago , the polish people was astonished that one of them , cardkaemia wojtyre , was appointed to gain access to the poll .
25 years ago , the polish people were surprised that one of them , carddder wojtyl wojtyla , was appointed in order to access the paint .

la décision de la corée du nord d&apos; expulser les inspecteurs en énergie atomique des nations unies représente une raison de plus de considérer l&apos; élection de roh moo hyun à la présidence de la corée du sud deux semaines plus tôt comme un raz-de-marée historique .
north korea &apos;s decision to expel un atomic energy inspectors is but another reason to view roh moo hyun &apos;s election as south korea &apos;s president two weeks ago as an historical watershed .
the north korea decision to expel the united nations atomic energy inspectors is a reason for more consideration of the election of roh mohyo to the south korea presidency of two weeks earlier as an historic slap in the face .
the decision by north korea to expel the united nations atomic energy inspectors is a reason to consider the election of roh moo to the presidency of south korea earlier as a historic raft .

les européens , inquiets à l&apos; idée qu&apos; une plus grande dépendance vis-à-vis de l&apos; argent privé signifie forcément une programmation conservatrice , devraient aussi se rassurer en voyant que le san francisco symphony possède l&apos; un des répertoires les plus audacieux des états-unis .
it also should be reassuring to europeans who are concerned that greater reliance on private money necessarily means conservative programming that the san francisco symphony has one of the most adventuresome repertoires in the us .
europeans are concerned about the idea that greater dependence on private money necessarily means conservative programming , and should also be reassured by the fact that aung san franzco imperialist has one of the most bold republics in the united states .
europeans , who are concerned about the idea that greater dependence on private money necessarily means conservative programming , should also be reassured by the fact that san franco phet phony has one of the most courageous reviews of the united states .

la stratégie formulée par le pape pour l&apos; eglise catholique et sa capacité à mobiliser des millions de croyants à sa cause ont signifié que personne ne pourra plus jamais réitérer la question posée par staline : « combien de divisions le pape a-t-il ? »
the strategy formulated by the pope for the catholic church , and his ability to mobilize millions of believers in its cause , meant that no one could ever again repeat stalin &apos;s question : &quot; how many divisions does the pope have ? &quot;
the strategy formulated by the pope for catholic egg and its capacity to mobilise millions of faith in its cause have meant that no one can ever repeat the question asked by stalin : &apos; how many divisions is the pope ? &apos;
the strategy set out by the pape for the catholic egg and its ability to mobilise millions of beliefs for his cause have meant that no one can ever repeat the question put by stalin : &apos; how many divisions are the pope ? &apos;

toutefois , pour la plupart des gens , la vie sous une dictature totalitaire n&apos; avait certes rien d&apos; ennoblissant ; il s&apos; agissait plutôt d&apos; une immersion quotidienne dans les mensonges , la dépravation spirituelle et la corruption matérielle .
for most people , however , life under totalitarian dictatorship was not ennobling ; it was , rather , a daily immersion in lies , spiritual depravity , and material corruption .
however , for most people , life under a totalitarian dictatorship certainly had nothing to do with blessing ; rather , it was a daily immersion into lies , spiritual dementia and material corruption .
however , for the majority of people , life under a totalitarian dictatorship had certainly nothing to be blamed ; instead , it was a daily immersion in lies , the spiritual depletion and material corruption .

en disant tout haut qu &apos; « il ne pourra pas y avoir d&apos; europe sans une pologne indépendante sur sa carte » , le pape a réussi à balayer la colonisation injuste d&apos; après-guerre qui avait assujetti la pologne à la puissance soviétique .
in saying aloud that &quot; there can be no just europe without an independent poland on its map , &quot; the pope effectively swept away the unjust postwar settlement that had subjugated poland to soviet power .
by saying quite clearly that &apos; there can be no europe without an independent poland on its card &apos; , the pope has succeeded in sweeping the unjust settlement of post-war warns poland into the soviet power .
by saying at the very top that &apos; there will not be a europe without an independent poland on its card &apos; , the pape has managed to put the unfair settlement of post-war war which had taken poland into the soviet power .

sur des questions telles que le terrorisme , la prolifération des armes , l&apos; iran , l&apos; afghanistan ( pays dans lequel nous entraînons conjointement la future armée du pays ) et l&apos; afrique ( où les initiatives françaises et le soutien américain ont récemment permis de stabiliser la côte d&apos; ivoire et le congo ) , l&apos; europe et les etats-unis parlent d&apos; une seule voix .
on issues such as terrorism , weapons proliferation , iran , afghanistan ( where we jointly train the country &apos;s future army ) , and africa ( where french initiatives with american support recently succeeded in stabilizing côte d &apos;ivoire and congo ) , europe and the us speak with a common voice .
on issues such as terrorism , the proliferation of weapons , iran , afghanistan ( in which we jointly form the future army of the country ) and africa ( where french initiatives and us support recently allowed the côte d &apos;ivoire and congo to stabilise the ivory coast ) , europe and the united states speak with one voice .
on issues such as terrorism , the proliferation of weapons , iran , afghanistan ( country in which we are jointly building the future army of the country ) and africa ( where the french initiatives and american support have recently made it possible to stabilise côte d &apos;ivoire and congo ) , europe and the united states speak with one voice .

ironie du sort , alors que les défenseurs des arts aux états-unis demandent depuis longtemps l&apos; adoption du &quot; modèle européen &quot; , qui a produit une vie artistique riche et variée , l&apos; europe se voit forcée de changer de cap et d&apos; orienter son système de soutien vers une plus grande dépendance vis-à-vis de l&apos; argent privé et des recettes .
ironically , while arts advocates in the united states have long argued for adoption of the &quot; european model &quot; -- which has produced a rich and varied artistic life for europeans -- europe is being forced to change its system of support to one that depends more on private money and the box office .
the irony of the fate is ironic , while the defenders of the arts in the united states have for a long time been calling for the adoption of the &apos; european model &apos; , which has produced a rich and varied artistic life , europe is forced to change its course and to direct its support system towards greater dependence on private money and revenue .
irony irony of the fate , while the defenders of the elections in the united states have for a long time been calling for the adoption of the &apos; european model &apos; , which has produced a rich and varied artistic life , europe is forced to change course and to direct its support system towards greater dependence on private money and revenue .

bernal revint à cambridge en tant que professeur de cristallographie structurale en 1927 et fut promu au poste d&apos; assistant du directeur de recherche en cristallographie en 1923 , à cette époque un sous-département du laboratoire cavendish .
bernal moved back to cambridge as a lecturer in structural crystallography in 1927 , and in 1931 was promoted to assistant director of research in crystallography , by then a sub-department of the cavendish laboratory .
mr bernal rerevised in cambridge as a professor of cralloglogist structured editry in 1927 was promoted as the director of the research director in crallogist in 1923 , at the time of a bluetongue department of the laboratory .
mr bernal , who was in cameroded as a professor of creralgeria structured in 1927 , was promoted to the post of the director of research in crrore in 1923 , at that time , a sub-department of laboratory laboratory .

les deux politiciens constitueront un tandem , mais schrã <unk> der dã <unk> pendra davantage de la loyautã <unk> de mã <unk> ntefering que mã <unk> ntefering dã <unk> pendra de la rã <unk> ussite de schrã <unk> der .
both politicians will constitute a tandem , but schröder will be more dependent on müntefering &apos;s loyalty than müntefering is dependent on schröder &apos;s success .
the two politicians will be a europeanist , but schrder mdder will be further led by the mistreatment of mistrenteing fering that mteamer mntententefering will be a brake , leading to the mendangering of schrder from schrder .
however , the two politicians will be a member of the two politicians , but schrder schrder , who will have done so , will have more to do with the loyalty of mmner , who will have to do more to ensure that there is a need for the dussr , who will have to act as a result of the &apos; rususory site &apos; .

l&apos; incapacité de la réserve à relever ses taux plus tôt donne ainsi une leçon à la banque centrale européenne : après une période prolongée de stabilité monétaire à des taux directeurs inhabituellement bas , attendre trop longtemps avant de relever les taux à des niveaux plus normaux et appropriés comporte des conséquences dangereuses .
the fed &apos;s failure to raise rates earlier thus holds a powerful lesson for the european central bank : after a prolonged period of monetary stability at unusually low interest rates , waiting too long to raise rates to more normal and appropriate levels holds dangerous consequences .
the failure of the reserve to meet its rates earlier gives a lesson to the european central bank : after a prolonged period of monetary stability to unusually low rates , wait too long before we meet the rates at more standard levels and have dangerous consequences .
in this way , the inability of the reserve to meet its rates earlier gives a lesson to the european central bank : after a extended period of monetary stability to unusually low rates , waiting for too long before the rates at the highest standard levels and there are dangerous consequences .

ensuite , cela fait de nombreuses années que la grande-bretagne jouit d&apos; une croissance économique plus rapide que la plupart des autres états membres si bien qu&apos; elle est devenue l&apos; un des pays les plus riches de l&apos; ue et ce , même en comparaison avec la france et l&apos; allemagne . pour finir , les nouveaux états membres sont tellement plus pauvres que les plus pauvres des anciens pays membres qu&apos; ils ont un argument moral de poids pour demander une part généreuse du budget négocié , quel qu&apos; il soit .
eu farm policy has started to be reformed , and its share of the eu budget has fallen from over 60 % to 40 % ; britain has for several years enjoyed significantly faster economic growth than most other member states , so that it is now one of the richer eu countries , even compared with france and germany ; and the new member states are so much poorer than even the poorest of the old members , that they have an unanswerable moral case for a generous share of whatever budget could be negotiated .
after many years , britain has more rapid economic growth than most other member states , although it has become one of the richest countries in the eu , and even in comparison with france and germany , the new member states are so poor that the poorest of the old member states have a moral argument to demand a generous share of the negotiated budget , whatever it is .
for many years , britain has had a faster economic growth than most of the other member states , so that it has become one of the richest countries of the eu , even in comparison with france and germany , so that the new member states are so poor than the poorest of the old member states that they have a moral argument for asking for a generous share of the budget , regardless of what it is .

edmund stoiber , le chef du gouvernement de la bavière , le candidat des conservateurs de la cdu / csu pour le chancelier allemand contre le chancelier actuel schroeder , et un défenseur dévoué des allemands de sudeten , a exigé que schroder annule une visite prévue à prague en réponse la réaction explosive de zeman .
edmund stoiber , bavaria &apos;s leader , the conservative cdu / csu candidate for german chancellor against current chancellor schroeder , and a staunch advocate of the sudeten germans , demanded that schroeder cancel a scheduled visit to prague in response to zeman &apos;s outburst .
the head of the government of bavaria , the conservative candidate of the cjd for the german chancellor against the current chancellor , and a defender of german sugars , has demanded that an annual visit to the prague reaction in response to the danish reaction of zeman .
mr stoiber , the leader of the bera government , the conservative candidate for the german chancellor for the current chancellor , eder , and a dedication of the german chancellor of the german chancellor to the german chancellor , who has been given a commitment to the german chancellor against the current german chancellor , and who has been given a commitment to the german counterpart of the ilo , called for a visit to prague to respond to the explosive response of zan .

