herbert hoover et le pacte de stabilité
herbert hoover and the stability pact
herbert hoa and the stability pact
herbert hoo and the stability pact

le processus de fin est en marche .
the exit process has begun .
the end process is in progress .
the end process is in progress .

les démocraties ont-elles besoin de valeurs ?
do democracies need values ?
do democracies need values ?
do democracies need values ?

ce bureau existe au royaume-uni .
such an office exists in the united kingdom .
this office exists in the uk .
this office exists in the united kingdom .

les leçons du tsunami
lessons from the tsunami
the lessons of the tsunami are learned from the tsunami .
lessons from the tsunami

les inspections de l&apos; onu ne permettaient pas d&apos; éliminer cette menace .
un inspections were not eliminating that threat ;
un inspections did not allow this threat to be eliminated .
un inspections did not allow this threat to be removed .

alors , pourquoi a-t-il donc déclaré sa ferveur pro-européenne ?
so why does he say he is a passionate pro-european ?
so why did he say his pro-european fervour ?
so why did he say his pro-european fervator ?

quelques tentatives sont faites discrètement à l&apos; arrière-plan .
such efforts are getting discretely underway .
some attempts are made to discredit the background .
some attempts are being made to the background .

le mexique a également commencé à mobiliser un savoir-faire technologique considérable .
mexico , too , has begun to mobilize significant technological prowess .
mexico has also begun to mobilise considerable technological know-how .
mexico has also begun to mobilise considerable technological know-how .

je ne parle pas de principes , mais de politique .
i speak not of principles , but of policy .
i am not talking about principles , but about politics .
i am not talking about principles , but about politics .

les bénéfices des entreprises virtuelles viennent de leur légèreté en termes de stabilité .
the benefits of virtual enterprises stem from their lightness over stability .
the benefits of virtual companies come from their scarcity in terms of stability .
the profits of virtual companies come from their legally-based terms in terms of stability .

en outre , la guerre use considérablement les équipements , dont il faudra remplacer une partie .
moreover , the war is extremely wearing on equipment , some of which will have to be replaced .
in addition , the war is making the equipment considerably , which will have to be replaced by part .
furthermore , the war uses the equipment considerably , which will have to be replaced by part of it .

la politique monétaire ne constitue toutefois pas un mode unique d&apos; élaboration de politiques économiques .
yet monetary policy is not a unique species of economic policymaking .
monetary policy is not , however , a single way of developing economic policies .
however , monetary policy is not a single way of developing economic policies .

la création d&apos; une telle capacité ferait de l&apos; ue un partenaire transatlantique plus efficace .
the creation of such a capacity will make the eu a more effective transatlantic partner .
the creation of such a capacity would make the eu a more effective transatlantic partner .
the creation of such a capacity would make the eu a more effective transatlantic partner .

mais l&apos; impact de tels événements sur les pays pauvres est bien plus important .
but the impact of such events on poor countries is much greater .
but the impact of such events on poor countries is much more important .
but the impact of such events on poor countries is much more important .

l&apos; organisation d&apos; élections au venezuela aujourd&apos; hui sauverait la démocratie mais ne la saperait pas .
an election now in venezuela will save , not undermine , democracy .
the organisation of elections in venezuela today would save democracy , but would not undermine it .
the organisation of elections in venezuela today would save democracy , but it would not undermine it .

les attentats à la bombe de madrid ont amené aux portes de l&apos; europe le fléau du terrorisme .
the madrid bombings have made europeans feel the scourge of terrorism in their bones .
the attacks at the madrid bomb led to the doors of europe the scourge of terrorism .
the attacks on the madrid bomb have led europe to the scourge of terrorism .

voulez-vous savoir quel vidéo-clip fera bientôt trembler les décideurs du monde entier ?
do you want to know which video clip will soon be scaring the daylights out of policymakers throughout the world ?
do you want to know what video-clip will soon turn the decision-makers around the world ?
do you want to know what video video video &apos;s video will soon turn the decision-makers across the world ?

mais cela ne signifie pas pour autant que les retraites et autres obligations sociales soient complètement figées .
but this does not mean that pensions and other welfare obligations are entirely fixed .
however , this does not mean that pensions and other social obligations are completely fired .
however , this does not mean that pensions and other social obligations are completely fired .

comment expliquer , alors , le manque étonnant de véritable croissance au cours des 25 dernières années ?
what , then , accounts for the puzzling lack of real growth over the past 25 years ?
how can we explain , then , the lack of real growth over the last 25 years ?
how can we explain , then , the astonishing lack of real growth over the last 25 years ?

dans l&apos; ensemble , cependant , le fossé des inégalités reste profond et dans certains cas il est même en expansion .
overall , however , the inequality gaps are large and , in many cases , growing .
all in all , however , the gap between inequalities remains deep and in some cases it is even expanding .
overall , however , the gap in inequalities remains deep and in some cases it is even growing .

des gardes armés jusqu&apos; aux dents l&apos; entouraient , alors qu&apos; il soutenait fermement la notion de démocratisation .
guards armed to the teeth surrounded him , yet he firmly supported the notion of democratization .
armed guards would be around , while he strongly supported the concept of democratisation .
armed guards up to the rest of them , while it strongly supported the concept of democratisation .

résultat : les hérissons commettent davantage d&apos; erreurs , mais ils accumulent plus de succès sur google .
the result : hedgehogs make more mistakes , but they pile up more hits on google .
the result is that the inheritance is making more mistakes , but they are accumulating more successes on google .
the result is that people are making more mistakes , but they are more successful on the palestinian side .

un monde dans lequel tout change a besoin d&apos; un gardien pour veiller sur ce qui ne change pas .
a world where everything changes needs a guardian of what remains the same .
a world in which all changes need a guardian to ensure that what does not change .
a world in which any change needs a guardian to ensure that what does not change .

parce que les services représentent 70 % du pib européen et l&apos; impact potentiel d&apos; une concurrence améliorée est important .
because services account for 70 % of european gdp , the potential impact from enhanced competition is substantial .
because services account for 70 % of european gdp and the potential impact of improved competition is important .
because services account for 70 % of european gdp and the potential impact of improved competition is important .

dans ce cas , pour ne pas aggraver la situation , le président américain et le premier ministre britannique devraient démissionner .
in that case , a critical step towards healing the world would be their quick departure from office .
in this case , in order not to exacerbate the situation , the us president and the british prime minister should resign .
in this case , in order not to make the situation worse , the american president and the british prime minister should resign .

les big-box stores ne sont pas vraiment jolis , d&apos; où leur nom &#91; grosses boîtes &#93; .
big-box stores are not exactly attractive -- hence their name .
there is no real jolis , hence their name &#91; big boxes &#93; .
the biebox is not really jolis , where their name &#91; great bots &#93; .

nous savons que l&apos; irak a possédé des armes chimiques et biologiques , parce que les usa les lui ont vendues .
we know that iraq at one time possessed chemical and biological weapons , because the us sold them to iraq .
we know that iraq has chemical and biological weapons , because the usa has sold them .
we know that iraq has had chemical and biological weapons , because the usa has sold it .

pendant plus de vingt ans , j&apos; ai soutenu que les forts taux de chômage d&apos; europe occidentale ne pouvaient persister .
for over 20 years i have argued that western europe &apos;s high unemployment rates are unsustainable .
for more than twenty years , i supported the fact that the high unemployment rates in western europe could not persist .
for more than twenty years , i supported the strong unemployment rates in western europe .

en fait , le gouvernement de serbie essaie déjà de convaincre l&apos; occident de repousser la décision jusqu&apos; à mi-2007 .
in fact , serbia &apos;s government is already trying to persuade the west to postpone a decision until mid-2007 .
in fact , the government of serbia is already trying to persuade the west to postpone the decision until mid-2007 .
in fact , the government of serbia is already trying to convince the west to postpone the decision until mid-2007 .

une fois la guerre terminée , la paix fut conclue à dayton , dans l&apos; ohio , et non à l&apos; onu .
when the war was over , peace was made in dayton , ohio , not at the un .
once the war ended , peace was concluded in dayton , in the ohio , and not in the un .
once the war was completed , peace was concluded in dayton , in the ohio , not at the un .

· les citoyens et les gouvernements doivent faire de la pharmacovigilance une priorité , et engager des ressources nécessaires pour régler le problème .
· citizens and government must make drug safety a priority and commit adequate resources to fixing the problems ;
the citizens and governments must make pharmacovigilance a priority , and commit the necessary resources to solve the problem .
the citizens and governments must make it a priority , and commit the necessary resources to solve the problem .

la douloureuse bataille de la semaine dernière concernant l&apos; avenir à moyen terme du budget de l&apos; union a encore davantage confirmé ce verdict .
last week &apos;s bruising battle over the medium-term future of the union &apos;s budget has confirmed that verdict with a vengeance .
last week &apos;s painful battle over the medium-term future of the union budget has further confirmed this verdict .
the painful battle of last week with regard to the medium-term future of the union budget has confirmed this verdict even further .

on se rassure en investissant dans la pierre et il y a peu de raison de s&apos; attendre à un changement imminent .
people feel safest investing in their homes , and there is little reason to expect imminent change .
we are reassured by investing in the stone and there is little reason to expect an imminent change .
we are reassured by investing in the stone , and there is little reason to expect an imminent change .

il est certain que dans la lutte contre le communisme , l&apos; eglise polonaise s&apos; est plutôt montrée conservatrice , dieu merci !
to be sure , in the struggle against communism , the polish church was , indeed , conservative--and thank god for that !
it is certain that , in the fight against communism , the polish egnos was rather conservative , thank god !
it is true that , in the fight against communism , the polish egnos was rather conservative , thank god !

un bulle spéculative , qui s&apos; alimente elle-même uniquement sur la réaction à la hausse des prix , ne peut se poursuivre indéfiniment .
a speculative bubble , sustaining itself solely by reaction to price increases , cannot go on forever .
a bubble of speculation , which is itself fuelling solely on the reaction to rising prices , cannot continue undefined .
a speculative bubble , which is only fuelling on the response to rising prices , cannot continue to be undefined .

ils savent comment entretenir l&apos; élan d&apos; une discussion en multipliant les raisons montrant qu&apos; ils sont dans le vrai et que les autres se trompent .
they know how to stoke momentum in an argument by multiplying reasons why they are right and others are wrong .
they know how to hold a discussion by increasing the reasons that they are in the real situation and that the others are wrong .
they know how to maintain the momentum of a discussion by increasing the reasons that they are in the true situation and that others are mistaken .

en règle générale , les référendums servent à mesurer la popularité des dirigeants politiques à un moment donné , quel que soit le problème en jeu .
as a rule however , referenda measure the popularity of political leaders at a particular moment , regardless of the issue at stake .
in general , referendums serve to measure the popularity of political leaders at a given moment , regardless of the problem at stake .
in general , referendums serve to measure the popularity of political leaders at a given moment , regardless of the problem at stake .

il ne faut pas non plus que s&apos; installe un décalage trop grand entre l&apos; affirmation de principes et la réalité de nos comportements .
to do so , there cannot be too wide a gap between our stated principles and our actual behavior .
nor must it be the case that we have a far too great gap between the claim of principles and the reality of our behaviour .
nor do we need to create too much decency between the claim of principles and the reality of our behaviour .

les politiciens ne comprennent pas la science , et cherchent rarement l&apos; avis des scientifiques et des ingénieurs lorsqu&apos; ils veulent résoudre de grands problèmes .
politicians don &apos;t understand science , and rarely seek the advice of scientists and engineers in addressing major issues .
politicians do not understand science , and rarely seek scientific advice and engineers when they want to solve major problems .
politicians do not understand science , and rarely seek the opinion of scientists and engineers when they want to solve major problems .

jean-paul ii a démontré que la force morale constituait une arme suffisamment puissante pour défaire la division du monde instaurée à yalta .
john paul ii demonstrated that moral force was a weapon potent enough to undo yalta &apos;s division of the world .
jean-john paul ii has shown that moral strength is a sufficiently powerful weapon to depart from the division of the world in yalta .
john paul ii has shown that moral force was a sufficiently powerful weapon to disrupt the division of the world in yalta .

l&apos; allemagne ne peut pas se permettre de tourner au ralenti ou , pire encore , d&apos; arrã<unk> ter le processus de rã <unk> forme .
germany cannot afford to slow down or , worse yet , stop the reform process .
germany cannot afford to turn its back on the slowdown or , worse still , to see the rampant process .
germany cannot afford to turn to the slowdown or , worse still , to protect the whole process of regeneration .

la démocratie cultive certes des valeurs , mais elles sont généralement plus libérales - en d&apos; autres termes les droits individuels prennent le pas sur les obligations collectives .
democracy does nurture some common values , but they are overwhelmingly liberal values - in other words , individual rights trump collective obligations .
it is true that democracy grows values , but they are generally more liberal - in other words individual rights take the step towards collective obligations .
it is true that democracy has values , but they are generally more liberal - in other words individual rights do not take place on collective obligations .

ajoutez-y la difficulté pratique représentée par les routes en mauvais état et la rareté des voitures et des camions , et l&apos; isolement économique suit .
add the practical difficulties of broken-down roads and few cars and trucks , and economic isolation follows .
add to this the practical difficulty represented by the roads in bad condition and the scarcity of cars and lorries , and economic isolation follows .
add to this the practical difficulties represented by the wrong roads and the scarcity of cars and lorries , and economic isolation follows .

il a été lancé pour créer des &quot; solidarités de fait &quot; , promouvoir la stabilité politique et consolider la démocratie et le modèle social de l&apos; europe .
it was initiated to create &quot; solidar<<unk>> de fait , &quot; promote political stability , and consolidate democracy and europe &apos;s social model .
it has been launched to create &apos; solidarity de facto &apos; , promote political stability and consolidate democracy and the social model of europe .
it was launched to create &apos; solidarity &apos; , promote political stability and consolidate democracy and the social model of europe .

alors pourquoi ces deux pierres commémoratives de la révolution de la biologie et de la médecine qui ont dominé la science dans la seconde moitié du 20
so why were these two foundation stones of the revolution in biology and medicine that dominated science in the second half of the 20th century uncovered in a british
so why are these two commemorative cornerstones of the biology and medicine revolution that dominated science in the second half of 20 .
so why these two cornerstones of the revolution in biology and medicine which dominated science in the second half of 20 .

les états-unis et leurs amis européens ont à maintes reprises annoncé leur intention de prendre avant la fin de l&apos; année la difficile décision de séparer ou non le kosovo de la serbie .
the united states and its european friends have repeatedly stated their intent to make the difficult decision before the end of the year on whether to separate kosovo from serbia .
the united states and their european friends have repeatedly announced their intention to take the decision to separate kosovo from serbia before the end of the year .
the united states and their european friends have repeatedly announced their intention to take before the end of the year the difficult decision to separate or not serbia &apos;s kosovo .

les réalistes constateront que dans la course de longue haleine entre la technologie et l&apos; environnement , il semble que la technologie soit à ce jour la grande perdante .
realists observe that in the long race between the environment and technology , it appears that technology has so far been losing .
realistic findings will see that in the long race between technology and the environment , it seems that technology is so far the big waste .
the realistic will see that in the long race between technology and the environment , it seems that technology is up to now the great lose .

les gouvernements sont inquiets à l&apos; heure actuelle , pas à cause de ce qui sera possible ou non , mais à propos des intentions réelles ou supposées de l&apos; amérique .
governments are worried now , not because of capabilities , but because of america &apos;s real or imagined intentions .
governments are currently concerned , not because of what will be possible or not , but about the real or supposed intentions of america .
governments are currently concerned , not because of what will be possible or not , but about the real or supposed intentions of america .

prenons le cas de l&apos; allemagne , pays dans lequel certains dirigeants du groupe des chrétiens démocrates de l&apos; opposition brûlent d&apos; envie de réduire le gouvernement schröder à néant .
consider germany , where some leaders of the opposition christian democrats yearn to sink the schröder government .
let us take the case of germany , in which certain leaders of the christian democrats in the opposition group are keen to reduce the schröder government to nothing .
take the case of germany , in which some of the leaders of the christian democrats in the opposition group are burned by the desire to reduce the schröder government to dismiss .

de plus , une partie de la dette fut contractée lors de la crise de 1997-1998 , aggravée et étendue par les politiques imposées par le fmi .
moreover , some of the debt was incurred as part of the 1997-1998 crisis , which was aggravated and deepened by imf-imposed policies .
furthermore , part of the debt was entered into during the crisis in 1997-1998 , aggravated and extended by the policies imposed by the imf .
furthermore , part of the debt was entered into during the 1998-1998 crisis , aggravated and extended by the policies imposed by the imf .

les défis du développement en afrique ne sont qu&apos; un exemple de la façon dont des problèmes de sociétés ardus peuvent se résoudre grâce à la conception et à la diffusion de technologies améliorées .
the development challenges in africa are just one example of how tough societal problems can be addressed by the design and spread of improved technologies .
the challenges of development in africa are just one example of how problems of arduous societies can be solved through the design and dissemination of improved technologies .
the challenges of development in africa are only one example of the way in which difficult societies can solve themselves through the design and dissemination of improved technologies .

en france , le président jacques chirac , image par excellence du leader otage de ses groupes de pression , titube de manière impuissante vers la fin de son mandat prévue pour 2007 .
in france , president jacques chirac , the epitome of a leader captured by his lobbies , is staggering impotently toward the end of his term in 2007 .
in france , president jacques chirac , the image of the leader of the leader hostage of his pressure groups , is powerless to the end of his planned mandate for 2007 .
in france , president jacques chirac , an image of the leader of his pressure groups , is powerless in the end of his term of office for 2007 .

une fois la question de la centrale nucléaire résolue , la pression populiste a été canalisée dans une seule voie , la demande d&apos; abrogation des décrets de benes .
when the nuclear plant issue was resolved , populist pressure was forced into a single channel , the demand to abrogate the benes decrees .
once the issue of the decisive nuclear power plant has been raised , the populist pressure has been channelled in a single way , the request to repeal the benes decrees .
once the issue of the resolved nuclear power plant is resolved , the populist pressure has been put into a single route , the request to repeal the benes of benes .

les américains ont exprimé leur opinion librement , dans les journaux , à la télévision , dans les forums de discussion sur internet , sur la guerre planifiée de george bush en irak .
people expressed their opinion freely--in newspapers , on television , in internet chat rooms--concerning george bush &apos;s planned war on iraq .
the americans expressed their opinion freely , in the newspapers , on television , in internet discussion fora , on the planned war in george bush in iraq .
the americans expressed their free opinion , in the newspapers , on television , in the internet forums , on the planned war in george bush in iraq .

compte tenu de la forte croissance attendue de l&apos; économie turque et de la baisse du taux de natalité , les experts estiment qu&apos; il y aurait alors environ 2,7 millions d&apos; immigrants .
given the expected upswing of turkey &apos;s economy and its declining birthrate , experts predict a figure of around 2.7 million immigrants by that point .
given the expected growth in the turkish economy and the fall in the birth rate , experts believe that there would then be around 2.7 million immigrants .
given the expected growth of the turkish economy and the fall in the birth rate , experts believe that there would then be approximately 2.7 million immigrants .

les leaders français et britanniques se sont lancés dans une querelle qui a fait échouer le sommet qui suivit , juste avant que la grande-bretagne ne prenne la présidence tournante de l&apos; union européenne en juillet .
french and british leaders engaged in a heated quarrel that derailed the subsequent summit , before britain assumed the rotating six-month eu presidency in july .
the french and british leaders took part in a dispute that failed the summit that followed , just before britain took over the rotating presidency of the european union in july .
the french and british leaders started in a dispute that failed the summit that followed , just before britain takes the european union presidency in july .

outre ce problème , un échec fondamental de la stratégie économique a été largement ignoré , un échec qui se reflète dans la différence majeure entre les discussions sur la politique publique en amérique latine et en asie .
beyond this , a basic failure of economic strategy has been largely overlooked , one that is reflected in a major difference between public policy discussions in latin america and asia .
in addition to this problem , a fundamental failure of the economic strategy has been largely ignored , a failure which reflects the major difference between discussions on public policy in latin america and asia .
in addition to this problem , a fundamental failure of the economic strategy has been largely ignored , a failure that reflects in the major difference between the discussions on public policy in latin america and asia .

le risque d&apos; une plus grande instabilité pour la roupie est aggravé par de graves problèmes , notamment un déficit s&apos; élevant à 6 % du pnb et l&apos; impasse avec le pakistan .
the downside risk of higher volatility for the rupee is aggravated by some serious problems , including a deficit running at 6 % of gdp and the strategic stand-off with pakistan .
the risk of greater instability for roupie is aggravated by serious problems , including a deficit of 6 % of gnp and the deadlock with pakistan .
the risk of greater instability in the roughts is aggravated by serious problems , including a deficit of 6 % of gdp and the deadlock with pakistan .

comme en témoignerait herbert hoover , quand on ne considère que les problèmes économiques de la génération précédente , on risque de ne pas voir les dangers qui se trouvent directement sous nos yeux .
as herbert hoover could attest , when we see only the economic policy problems of a generation ago , we risk missing the hazards that lie directly in front of our eyes .
as is shown by herbert alhobert , when you only consider the economic problems of the previous generation , you risk not seeing the dangers that are directly in our eyes .
as it would show herbert hoo , when we consider only the economic problems of the previous generation , there is a risk of not seeing the dangers that are directly in our eyes .

ils peuvent avoir retiré provisoirement leur liberté de manoeuvre fiscale suffisamment longtemps pour permettre le lancement de l&apos; euro mais , dans des conditions normales , les gouvernements nationaux réclameront leur territoire fiscal .
they may have suspended their freedom of fiscal maneuver long enough to launch the euro , but in normal times , national governments will reclaim their fiscal turf .
they can have withdrawn their freedom of taxation temporarily long enough to allow the launch of the euro , but in normal conditions national governments have relegated their tax territory .
they can have temporarily withdrawn their freedom of fiscal manoeuvre for a long time to allow the launch of the euro , but , under normal conditions , the national governments have their fiscal territory .

le gouffre qui sépare les positions israélienne et palestinienne sur ces questions n&apos; a pas diminué depuis les négociations manquées de camp david de 2000 , alors que la peur et le manque de confiance n&apos; ont fait que croître .
on all of these issues , the gulf between the israeli and palestinian positions has not narrowed since the failed negotiations at camp david in 2000 , while fear and distrust have increased .
the gulf between the israeli and palestinian positions on these issues has not diminished since the negotiations of camp david in 2000 , while fear and lack of confidence have only increased .
the drop between the israeli and palestinian positions on these issues has not been reduced since the talks of camp david 2000 , while fear and lack of confidence have only increased .

à l&apos; avenir , le modèle de l&apos; entreprise virtuelle façonnera la manière dont seront conduites les affaires , dont seront livrées les guerres et sans doute la façon dont les services gouvernementaux seront administrés .
in the future , the virtual enterprise model will shape how business is conducted , wars will be fought and probably how government services will be administered .
in the future , the model of the virtual company will shape the way in which business will be conducted , which will be brought to war and probably the way in which government services will be administered .
in the future , the virtual company model will shape the way in which business will be conducted , which will be carried out by wars and without doubt the way in which government services will be managed .

si ce raisonnement semble familier , c&apos; est peut-être bien parce qu&apos; il reprend plus ou moins les fondations du système de planning non durable par lequel l&apos; accession de pays candidats fut interrompue au début des années 1990 .
if this line of thought sounds familiar , perhaps it is because it ( more or less ) recapitulates the foundations of the unsustainable planning system with which the accession countries broke at the beginning of the 1990 &apos;s .
it may well be because it takes more or less the foundations of the unsustainable planning system whereby the accession of candidate countries was suspended at the beginning of the 1990s .
if this reasoning seems to be familiar , it may well be because it takes up more or less the foundations of the non-sustainable planning system by which the accession of candidate countries was suspended at the beginning of the 1990s .

l&apos; europe n&apos; en tire que des bénéfices , car les capitaux sont dorénavant mieux répartis et la croissance stimulée grâce au déplacement des économies allemandes aux régions lointaines et autrefois désavantagées de la zone euro .
this is good for europe , because it helps improve the allocation of capital and stimulates growth by transporting german savings to the remote and previously disadvantaged regions of the euro zone .
europe is making only profit , because capital is now better reparties and growth stimulated through the movement of german economies to remote and once disadvantaged regions in the euro area .
europe has only benefited from this , because capital is now better distributed and growth encouraged by the movement of german economies to the distant and previously disadvantaged regions of the euro area .

ces pays devraient de toute urgence combiner les investissements et les mesures politiques voulues pour inciter les jeunes à se former , trouver du travail , rester en bonne santé , fonder une famille et exercer leur citoyenneté .
throughout the developing world , governments urgently need to devise the right mix of investments and policies to encourage their young people to get an education , find work , stay healthy , form families , and exercise citizenship .
these countries should urgently combine investment and political measures to encourage young people to train , find work , remain healthy , build a family and exercise their citizenship .
these countries should urgently combine investment and political measures to encourage young people to train , find work , stay in good health , build a family and exercise their citizenship .

le développement de projets liés à l&apos; infrastructure est un processus long qui nécessite entre 3 et 7 ans , de l&apos; identification en passant par l&apos; octroi de licences , le financement et la construction , jusqu&apos; à la première certification des réductions des émissions de carbone .
developing infrastructure projects is a long process that requires 3-7 years from identification , through licensing , financing , and construction , and finally to the first certification of carbon emission reductions .
the development of infrastructure projects is a long process that requires between 3 and 7 years , identification through licensing , financing and construction , until the first certification of carbon emissions reductions .
the development of infrastructure projects is a long process that requires between 3 and 7 years , identification through the granting of licences , funding and construction , until the first certification of carbon emissions reductions .

cela réduit la capacité des commerces et des banques à rembourser leurs dettes et peut déclencher une série de faillites énormes détruisant la confiance placée dans le système financier , ce qui alors alimente la peur et la thésaurisation .
it reduced the ability of businesses and banks to service their debt , and might trigger a chain of big bankruptcies that would destroy confidence in the financial system , providing further incentives to hoard .
this reduces the capacity of trade and banks to repay their debts and can trigger a series of huge failures destroying confidence in the financial system , thereby fuelling fear and theories .
this reduces the ability of trade companies and banks to repay their debts and may lead to a series of huge collapse that destroy confidence in the financial system , which would then give cause for fear and risk .

ces critiques estiment donc nous avons beaucoup plus besoin aujourd&apos; hui de cette dépense marginale de 55 € que les individus plus riches de 2100 auront besoin des 400 € qu&apos; ils gagneraient en étant préservés des effets du changement climatique .
so the critics argue that we need the marginal $ 70 per capita today much more than the richer people of 2100 will need the $ 500 that they would gain from being spared the effects of global climate change .
these criticisms therefore seem to us to be much more in need of this marginal expenditure of 55 than the richest individuals of 2100 will need the 400 reports that they will gain by maintaining the effects of climate change .
we therefore feel that these criticisms are much more necessary today for this marginalised expenditure of 55 ideas than the richest , 2100 people will need 400 people who would win by being preserved from the effects of climate change .

les français ont rejeté la constitution européenne , avant tout ( du moins selon les apparences ) , parce qu&apos; une plus grande intégration européenne , craint-on , entraînerait dans son sillage les énormes coûts et les perturbations du néolibéralisme .
the french rejected the european union constitution , primarily -- or so it appears -- because further european integration , it is feared , must bring in its wake the huge costs and disruptions of neo-liberalism .
the french rejected the european constitution , first and foremost ( at least in the same way ) , because greater european integration , feared , would lead in its wake to the enormous costs and disruption of neo-liberalism .
the french rejected the european constitution , first and foremost ( at least according to the horses ) , because greater european integration , crafted , would result in the enormous costs and disruptions of neo-liberalism .

les médecins se sentent parfois coupables et craignent les procès , et les entreprises pharmaceutiques s&apos; inquiètent des menaces pesant sur leurs profits . les agences de régulations quant à elles doivent affronter la question &quot; pourquoi ce médicament a-t-il été autorisé ? &quot;
physicians may feel guilty and fear litigation , drug companies worry about the threat to corporate profits and regulatory agencies must face the question : &quot; why was the drug approved in the first place ? &quot;
doctors sometimes feel guilty and fear trial , and pharmaceutical companies are concerned about threats to their profits , and the regulatory agencies must face up to the question &apos; why has this medicine been allowed ? &apos;
doctors sometimes feel guilty and fear the trial , and pharmaceutical companies are concerned about the threats to their profits , and the regulatory agencies to which they have to deal with the question &apos; why this medicinal product has been authorised &apos; ?

il n&apos; y a encore pas si longtemps , le congrès républicain retenait la somme d&apos; un milliard de dollars qu&apos; il devait aux nations unies et menaçait de ne payer ce qu&apos; il lui devait qu&apos; à condition que les nations unies satisfassent à un ensemble de mesures .
it was not long ago that a republican congress held up $ 1 billion of un dues , and threatened that it would only pay what it owed if the un satisfied a raft of conditions .
there is still not so long ago , the republican congress was the sum of a billion dollars that it was to the united nations and threatening to pay for what it had to do , provided that the united nations is satisfied with a package of measures .
there is still not so long ago , the republican congress republished the sum of usd 1 billion that it had to the united nations and threatened to pay for what it had to do , provided that the united nations meets a package of measures .

cependant la question ravive les vieux débats à propos de dissuasion , de destruction mutuelle assurée et de contrôle des armes nucléaires , et ranime la rivalité entre les puissances nucléaires à l&apos; heure où les armes nucléaires ont perdu une grande partie de leur raison d&apos; être .
nevertheless , the issue rekindles old debates over deterrence , mutual assured destruction and nuclear arms control , and revives the rivalry between the nuclear powers just when nuclear weapons had lost much of their relevance .
however , the old question of deterrence , mutual destruction and control of nuclear weapons , and ranges the rivalry between nuclear powers at a time when nuclear weapons have lost a large proportion of their reason to be .
however , the issue of the old debate on the deterrent , mutual destruction and control of nuclear weapons , and also the rivalry between nuclear powers at a time when nuclear weapons lost a large proportion of their reason .

ceux qui désirent imiter les tendances de la productivité américaine doivent se demander aujourd&apos; hui ce qu&apos; ils penseraient de l&apos; apparition de magasins en forme de boîtes ponctuant leur campagne , tirant les salaires vers le bas et causant la mort des petits détaillants .
those who would aim to emulate us productivity trends must come to grips with how they feel about big-box stores sprouting across their countryside &apos;s , driving down wages and plowing under smaller-scale retailers .
those who want to imitate the trends in american productivity must now ask themselves what they think of the shops in the form of one-off boxes , bringing wages to the bottom and causing the death of small retailers .
those who want to impress the trends in american productivity must now ask themselves what they would think of the birth of shops in the form of their campaign , with wages to the lowest and causing the death of small retailers .

ainsi , ne reste que la solution keynésienne : utiliser les politiques monétaires ( baisse des taux d&apos; intérêt ) et fiscales ( inflation des dépenses publiques et réduction des impôts ) pour maintenir l&apos; économie loin de ce gouffre qui rend la déflation possible .
hence the keynesian solution : use monetary policy ( lower interest rates ) and fiscal policy ( expanded government spending and reduced taxes ) to keep the economy from ever approaching the precipice where deflation becomes possible .
in this way , only the keynesian solution remains : to use monetary policies ( lower interest rates ) and tax rates ( inflation of public spending and tax reduction ) to maintain the economy of this abyss that makes deflation possible .
thus , as a result , there is only the keynesian solution : using monetary policies ( reduced interest rates ) and tax ( inflation of public expenditure and tax reduction ) to maintain the economy far from this drop that makes it possible to defend it .

la mise en place d&apos; une telle stratégie peut varier d&apos; un pays à l&apos; autre , selon les capacités administratives , le régime d&apos; incitations qui prévaut , la flexibilité du système fiscal , le degré de sophistication du secteur financier et l&apos; économie politique sous-jacente .
implementing such a strategy may differ from country to country , depending on administrative capacity , the prevailing incentive regime , the flexibility of the fiscal system , the degree of sophistication of the financial sector , and the underlying political economy .
the introduction of such a strategy can vary from one country to another , according to administrative capacity , the incentives regime , which , in terms of flexibility in the tax system , is the degree to which the financial sector and the underlying political economy are based .
the establishment of such a strategy can vary from one country to another , according to administrative capabilities , the system of incentives , the flexibility of the tax system , the degree of gregation of the financial sector and the underlying political economy .

la même logique selon laquelle nous avons plus besoin de 55 € aujourd&apos; hui que les gens de 2100 nquote auront besoin de 400 € supplémentaires veut que les riches doivent être taxés davantage , dans la mesure où chaque 380 € supplémentaires en taxes dans les pays riches se traduisent par une augmentation du revenu par tête de 55 € dans les pays pauvres .
the same logic that says we need our $ 70 more than the people of 2100 need an extra $ 500 dictates that we should tax the world &apos;s rich more , as long as each extra $ 500 in first-world taxes generates as little as an extra $ 70 in poor countries per capita incomes .
the same logic that we need more than 55 reports today that people of 2100 nest will need more than 400 additional reports mean that the rich must be taxed more , since every 380 extra taxes in rich countries are reflected in an increase in income per head of 55 in poor countries .
the same logic that we need more than 55 proposals today than the people of 2100 nest will need more money , means that the rich must be taxed more , as every 380 more taxes in rich countries are reflected in an increase in income per head of 55 in poor countries .

comme le montrent les nations unies avec le rapport sur la situation sociale dans le monde , 2005 : la crise de l&apos; inégalité , peu de pays , riches ou pauvres , se sont révélés à l&apos; abri de la tendance mondiale de la monté des inégalités ou de ses conséquences sur l&apos; éducation , la santé et le bien être social .
as surveyed in the united nations report the inequality predicament , few countries , rich or poor , have proved immune to the global trend of rising inequality , or to its consequences for education , health , and social welfare .
as the united nations shows with the report on the social situation in the world , 2005 : the crisis of inequality , few countries , rich or poor , has proved to be the cause of the global trend of inequality or its consequences on education , health and social welfare .
as the united nations has shown with the report on the social situation in the world 2005 : the crisis of inequality , few countries , rich or poor countries , have proved to be safe from the world trend of inequality or its consequences on education , health and social good .

la dã <unk> mission du chancelier gerhard schrã <unk> der du poste de prã <unk> sident du parti socio dã <unk> mocrate d&apos; allemagne affectera profondã <unk> ment la distribution des forces au sein du gouvernement allemand et de sa faible majoritã <unk> &quot; rouge vert &quot; au parlement .
chancellor gerhard schröder &apos;s resignation as chairman of germany &apos;s social democratic party ( spd ) will deeply affect the distribution of forces within the german government and its slim &quot; red-green &quot; majority in parliament .
the daidl mission of chancellor gerhard schevrder of the post of priests from the social democratic party in dashmote of germany will be dismayed by the fact that the forces are being distributed in the german government and its low red majority &apos; red tape &apos; in parliament .
in writing . - ( pt ) the dla dder &apos;s mission to the chancellor gerhard schrder &apos;s office of the office of prone of the social party , which has been held in the german social party , which will have a common effect on the distribution of forces within the german government and its weak majority of the &apos; green &apos; majority &apos; in parliament .

notre civilisation préfère les sociétés qui acceptent l&apos; égoïsme par rapport à sa famille et à son groupe , qui tolèrent sous de rares réserves la &quot; licence &quot; en matière de m ? urs , qui considèrent que le blasphème , la critique du pouvoir et même la désobéissance civile sont des libertés fondamentales .
ours is a civilization that accepts selfishness towards one &apos;s own family and group ; that tolerates , with few exceptions , autonomy in moral matters ; and that considers blasphemy , criticism of authority , and even civil disobedience fundamental freedoms .
our civilisation prefers the societies that accept selfishness in relation to its family and its group , which tolerate under rare reservations the &apos; licence &apos; licence in respect of me , which consider that the blasphemy , the criticism of power and even the civil disobedience to be fundamental freedoms .
our civilisation prefers the societies that accept selfishness in relation to its family and its group , which tolerate the &apos; licence &apos; in the area of m , which considers that the independence , the criticism of power and even civil disobedience are fundamental freedoms .

certains systèmes de valeurs non démocratiques qui paraissent provoquer plus d&apos; adhésion , parce qu&apos; ils sont fondés sur la solidarité communautaire , la religion ou la nation , en somme parce que les sociétés fermées provoquent moins l&apos; échappement , le doute et la distance , critique ou frivole que les sociétés ouvertes .
some non-democratic systems seem to evoke deeper support , because they are based on religious or national communal solidarity , and because closed societies minimize doubt , drift , and criticism .
because they are based on community solidarity , religion or nation , in short , because the closed societies cause fewer people to escape , doubt and distance , criticism or friction than open societies .
because they are based on community solidarity , religion or nation , in short , because the closed companies cause less escaping , doubt and distance , criticism and criticism , or friction , the critical or friction of the open societies .

l&apos; expérience suggère qu&apos; un programme adéquat de croissance doit être ancré dans deux stratégies : une stratégie d&apos; investissements conçue pour ranimer la croissance à court terme et une stratégie de mise en place d&apos; institutions conçue pour fournir une économie résistante face à l&apos; adversité des chocs économiques .
the record suggests that an adequate growth program needs to be anchored in two strategies : an investment strategy designed to kick-start growth in the short term , and an institution-building strategy designed to provide an economy with resilience in the face of adverse shocks .
the experience suggests that an adequate growth programme must be rooted in two strategies : an investment strategy designed to increase growth in the short term and a strategy for setting up institutions designed to provide a resistant economy in the face of opponents of economic shocks .
the experience suggests that an adequate growth programme must be enshrined in two strategies : a strategy for investment designed to increase short-term growth and a strategy for setting up institutions designed to provide a resistant economy in the face of the opponents of economic shocks .

dans le pire des cas , schrã <unk> der retournera au populisme pour remporter une victoire ã <unk> lectorale ã court terme et mã <unk> ntefering confirmera ce choix afin d&apos; ã <unk> viter ã l&apos; ã <unk> me socio dã <unk> mocratique blessã <unk> e de sombrer dans un dã <unk> sespoir absolu .
in the worst case , schröder will lapse back into populism for the sake of short-term electoral success , and müntefering will confirm that method so as to save the wounded social democratic soul from total despair .
in the worst case , rmder schrder will go back to catch-the-eye in the case of the worst case , the mistreder to the rescuing of populism in order to win a mistreatment of the mistreatment of short-term torture and mtentefering will confirm this choice , in order to dismiss the mighost leader of the wildder , which is leading to a hefty fear of a hefry in absolute hope .
in the worst case , schrder will return to populism in order to win a short-term and short-term intervention and to ensure that the choice of this choice will be confirmed , so as to put it up to the worst of the past , which has been enacted in the worst case , schenumerate , schrder , to protect populism in order to bring about an absolute risk of intervention in which there will be no doubt , in which there will be no doubt , and in which we will have to confirm this choice , in order to put it in order to put the vp i dder , dder , dder , dder , ddddder , or the injured people who are injured in the interests of no doubt that will be called for the protection of the protection of the protection of the protection of the protection of the protection of the protection of the need .

