nebudou z něj mít prospěch žádná další města ?
will no other cities benefit ?
will no other towns benefit from it ?
will no other cities benefit from it ?

duchové dávných hospodářských potíží
the ghosts of economics past
duty-long economic difficulties
the dumped economic difficulties are facing .

embargo do 6 . září 2004
embargo 6 september 2004
embargo to 6 september 2004 .
the embargo to 6 september 2004 .

ve stínu německé marky
in the d-mark &apos;s shadow
in the shadow of german mars
in the shadow of german marches , german marches

hra na demokracii
playing at democracy
hr hall on democracy
democracy ( hr )

stejně jako špatná hudební výchova ve státních školách .
so does poor music education in state schools .
like bad music education in state schools .
as well as poor music education in state schools .

první z nich souvisí se složitostí a zranitelností našeho světa .
the first concerns the complexity and vulnerability of our world .
the first of these concerns the complexity and vulnerability of our world .
the first is related to the complexity and vulnerability of our world .

zabránit politickému využívání fiskální politiky je nesplnitelný úkol .
preventing the political use of fiscal policy is an impossible task .
preventing political use of fiscal policy is an unsatisfactory task .
the political use of fiscal policy is an unnightful task .

musíme odolat dvěma protichůdným pokušením .
two opposite temptations must be resisted .
we must resist two contradictory penalties .
we must resist two contradictory attempts .

nejedná se ani o věc fiskální disciplíny .
nor is it even a fiscal discipline issue .
it is not a matter of fiscal discipline either .
it is not even a matter of fiscal discipline .

když jednání před šesti měsíci začínala , byla s předsednictvím evropské rady na řadě británie .
when negotiations started six months ago , it was britain &apos;s turn to take over the presidency of the european council .
when the negotiations started six months ago , the presidency of the european council was united kingdom .
when negotiations were started six months ago , the presidency of the european council was on a number of britain .

ještě před několika lety by tato skutečnost roovy prezidentské šance zhatila .
a few years ago this would have doomed roh &apos;s candidacy .
a few years ago , the fact of the president &apos;s presidential channel would hate .
a few years ago , this fact would be the royal presidential chancellor .

významnou výjimkou byla intervence nato v kosovu , jež neměla výslovný souhlas osn .
a notable exception was nato &apos;s intervention in kosovo , which was not explicitly sanctioned by the un .
an important exception was the intervention of nato in kosovo , which was not explicit by the un .
an important exception was the intervention of nato in kosovo , which did not have an explicit approval of the un .

u mnoha dalších druhů spotřebitelského zboží je cenový rozdíl ještě větší .
the differences in price for many other consumer goods is even larger .
in many other types of consumer goods , the price gap is even greater .
in many other types of consumer goods , the price difference is even greater .

situace je ovšem naprosto odlišná v oblasti bezpečnosti léků na předpis .
but the situation is far different concerning the safety of prescription drugs .
however , the situation is completely different in the area of medicines safety .
however , the situation is completely different in the area of the safety of medicines on prescription .

bush a blair by měli prokázat , že průběh inspekcí osn selhával .
bush and blair should demonstrate that the un inspection process was failing .
bush and blair should show that the un inspection has failed .
bush and blair should show that the un inspections have failed .

dokáží však samotná občanská , politická a lidská práva zajistit sílu a přežití demokracií ?
but are civil , political , and human rights enough to ensure the strength and survival of democracies ?
however , will civil , political and human rights be able to ensure the power and survival of democracy ?
however , will civil , political and human rights alone be able to ensure the strength and survival of democracy ?

až dosud prezident uplatňoval tvrdou linii ohledně iráku , libanonu i domácích záležitostí .
until now , the president has toed a hard line on iraq , on lebanon , and in domestic affairs .
until now , the president has applied a hard line on iraq , lebanon and home affairs .
until now , the president has applied a hard line on iraq , lebanon and home affairs .

nezapomeňme na rostoucí počet prominentních občanů tureckého původu v německu .
look at the growing number of prominent citizens of turkish origin in germany .
let us not forget the growing number of burmese citizens of turkish origin in germany .
let us not forget the growing number of prominent citizens of turkish origin in germany .

další tři tvoří chování sýrie v iráku , vztahy země s usa a potřeba vnitřní reformy .
the other three are syria &apos;s behavior in iraq , its relations with the us , and the need for domestic reform .
another three other are the behaviour of syria in iraq , relations with the us and the need for internal reform .
the next three other forms of conduct by syria in iraq , relations with the us and the need for internal reforms .

při deficitním hospodaření stát zvysuje své zadlužení a uvaluje zátěž na budoucí generace .
by running a deficit , a country increases its national debt and imposes burdens on future generations .
in deficit management , the state is indebted by its debt and imposing a burden on future generations .
in the deficit management of the state of debt , the burden on future generations is imposed on its debt .

z amerického břehu atlantiku se veskerá taková odůvodnění jeví jako naprosto bizarní .
from the american side of the atlantic , all of these rationales seem utterly bizarre .
from the us side of the atlantic , such a justification seems to be completely bizarre .
from the american bank of the atlantic , this kind of justification seems to be completely bizarre .

v důsledku tohoto zanedbání se dnešním kosovem šíří škodlivé sociální a politické reziduum .
as a result of this neglect , a noxious social and political residue pervades today &apos;s kosovo .
as a result of this neglect , today &apos;s kosovo will spread harmful social and political residues .
as a result of this neglect , kosovo is spreading harmful social and political residues today .

pro volbu skupin voličů , jež si politici chtějí naklonit , je fiskální trumf rozhodující .
the fiscal card is critical in choosing which groups of voters to buy .
for the choice of groups of voters wishing to clone politicians , the fiscal mf is decisive .
the voters &apos; choice , which the politicians want to cloned , is the fiscal mf decisive .

bílkoviny , které obsahují tisíce atomů , byly ale pro takový způsob práce příliš složité .
but proteins , which contain thousands of atoms , were far too complicated for this to work .
protein , which contain thousands of atomics , has been too complicated for such a way of work .
protein , which contain thousands of atomic attitudes , were too difficult for such a way of work .

politici jsou ochotni jít do krajnosti , jen aby potěšili své příznivce a zvítězili ve volbách .
politicians are willing to go to great lengths to please their supporters and win elections .
politicians are willing to go into the landscape only to be pleased with their favours and won in the elections .
politicians are willing to go to the countryside , just to be pleased to enjoy their favour and to win in the elections .

demokracie bezesporu předpokládá omezení času , který mají mocní na uplatňování své moci bez nutnosti se někomu zodpovídat .
to be sure , democracy implies limiting the time that the powerful have to exercise their power without challenge .
democracy is without doubt assuming a restriction of time that has powers to exercise its power without the need to answer someone .
democracy is unquestionably supportive of the restriction of time that they have powers to apply their power without the need to answer anyone .

bylo již odzkoušeno mnoho různých strategií , zejména liberalizace obchodu , privatizace nevýkonných státních podniků a rozpočtové reformy .
many policies have been tried , especially trade liberalization , privatization of inefficient state enterprises , and budgetary reforms .
many different strategies have already been examined , particularly the liberalisation of trade , privatisation of inefficient national businesses and budgetary reforms .
many different strategies have already been examined , particularly the liberalisation of trade , the privatisation of non-executive companies and budgetary reforms .

jestě před dvěma lety přitom usa předpovídaly rozpočtové přebytky , kam jen oko dohlédne .
two years ago , the us predicted budget surpluses as far as the eye could see .
two years ago , the us predicted budgetary surpluses , where it will only take account of it .
two years ago , the usa foreseen budgetary surpluses , where it is only looking at .

tenhle rozdíl je důležitý , protože poukazuje na omezenou účinnost schválených právních norem jako prostředku prosazování lidských práv .
this distinction matters because it points to the limited effectiveness of formalized legal norms as a means of promoting human rights .
this difference is important because it points out the limited effectiveness of the legislation approved as a means of promoting human rights .
this difference is important because it points out the limited effectiveness of the approved legal standards as a means of promoting human rights .

obklopovaly jej po zuby ozbrojené stráže , přesto pevně podporoval myšlenku demokratizace .
guards armed to the teeth surrounded him , yet he firmly supported the notion of democratization .
he wrote him after armed guests , yet he strongly supported the idea of democratisation .
they have raped it after an armed guardian , that yet he has strongly supported the idea of democratisation .

když televize roznesla živé obrazy destrukce domů do celého světa , názorně se ukázala moc globalizace .
it demonstrated the power of globalization , as television brought vivid pictures of the destruction to homes around the world .
when television has dispelled the destruction of houses to the whole world , the power of globalisation has proved to be tireless .
when television has disrupted the destruction of the destruction of houses around the world , the power of globalisation has shown itself .

politická debata se poté obrátila ke směnitelnosti kapitálového účtu - silnými zastánci byly mmf a světová banka .
the policy debate then turned to capital-account convertibility , with the imf and the world bank strongly in favor .
the political debate then turned to the direction of capital accounts - strong supporters of the imf and the world bank .
the political debate has then turned to the rigour of capital accounts - the strong supporters of the imf and the world bank .

a kdykoliv ekonomové spatří chování , které má destruktivní vedlejší účinky , rádi ho zdaňují .
and when economists see behavior that has destructive side effects , we like to tax it .
and if any economists see behaviour that has destructive effects , they are happy to do it .
whenever the economists see the behaviour that has destructive by-effects , they are happy to do it .

dnesní rozpočtové schodky totiž odrážejí dlouhodobé problémy , které keynesiánská teorie nepředpokládá .
indeed , today &apos;s budget deficits reflect long-term problems that are not what keynesian theory envisions .
in fact , the lack of budgetary deficits reflect the long-term problems that the keynesian theory does not foresee .
in fact , the lack of budgetary deficits reflect the long-term problems that keynesian thesia does not envisage .

podobně jako de gaulle v alžírsku zamíchal také šaron kartami izraelské politiky .
like de gaulle in algeria , sharon has reshuffled the cards of israel &apos;s politics .
like de gaulle in algeria , the arrogance of israeli policy was also shameful .
similarly , as de gaulle de gaulle in algeria , there was also the flagship of israeli policy .

jan pavel ii. ukázal , že mravní síla je dostatečně mocnou zbraní , aby dokázala zrušit jaltské rozdělení světa .
john paul ii demonstrated that moral force was a weapon potent enough to undo yalta &apos;s division of the world .
jan paul iv has shown that the frozen force is a powerful weapon to be able to abolish the altar of the world .
jan pagay , has shown that the frozen power is a powerful weapon in order to be able to abolish the jerusalem division of the world .

v půli července se sesli vážení a skvělí ministři financí evropské měnové unie ( emu ) , aby zvážili hospodářskou situaci eurozóny .
in mid-july the great-and-good finance ministers of the european monetary union ( emu ) gathered to consider the euro zone &apos;s economic condition .
in early july , the ministers of the european monetary union ( monetary union ) have seemed to consider the economic situation of the euro area .
in july , the ministers of the european monetary union ( monetary union ) have seemed to consider the economic situation of the euro area .

někdy si parlamenty přejí jednat rychle a snad je to i nutnost , avšak zpravidla mají dostatek času , aby jednotlivé otázky plně posoudily .
sometimes parliaments wish to act quickly , and perhaps must do so , but as a rule they take enough time to examine issues fully .
sometimes the parliaments wish to act quickly and perhaps it is also a necessity , but the rules have enough time to assess the issues fully .
sometimes parliaments want to act quickly , and perhaps it is also a necessity , but the rules have enough time for individual questions to be fully assessed .

evropa i zbytek světa budou muset přispět svým dílem - samy tyto principy dodržovat a postrkovat správným směrem sebe navzájem i ameriku .
europe and the rest of the world will have to do their part--abiding by these principles themselves , and giving each other , and america , a shove in the right direction .
europe , as well as the rest of the world , will have to contribute to their share - these principles themselves respect and put together each other in the right direction .
europe and the rest of the world will have to contribute to their thanks - these principles themselves and to spend themselves in the right direction as well as the americans .

otázka se ve světle fotografií amerických vojáků mučících a ponižujících irácké vězně zdá absurdní .
the question seems absurd in the light of photographs of american soldiers torturing and humiliating iraqi prisoners .
the question in the light of the photographs of american soldiers and humiliating iraqi prisoners seems absurd .
the question in light of the photographs of american soldiers and degrading iraqi prisoners seems absurd .

zpravidla však referenda poměřují oblíbenost politických vůdců v určitém konkrétním okamžiku - bez ohledu na to , o jaké téma se jedná .
as a rule however , referenda measure the popularity of political leaders at a particular moment , regardless of the issue at stake .
however , the rules of the referendum are measured by the popular political leaders at a particular moment - regardless of what the subject is .
however , the rules of the referendum are measured by the admiration of political leaders at a particular moment - regardless of what the subject is .

ro vyhrál volby navzdory tomu , že se severní korea rozhodla oživit své jaderné reaktory , které byly od doku 1994 mimo provoz .
remarkably , roh won the election despite north korea &apos;s decision to reactivate nuclear reactors that had been frozen since 1994 .
despite the fact that north korea has decided to revive its nuclear reactors , which have been operating from 1994 .
in spite of the fact that north korea decided to revitalise its nuclear reactors , which were outside operation since 1994 .

černým scénářům přisuzovali sedmdesátiprocentní pravděpodobnost , přičemž ve skutečnosti se naplnily pouze ve 12 % případů .
they assigned probabilities of 70 % to bleak scenarios that materialized only 12 % of the time .
in fact , the black scenarios promised the seventh 100 % likelihood , and only 12 % of cases have been met .
the chernobyl scenario promised the seventh 1970s , and in fact only 12 % of cases were met .

protiraketová obrana není pro americko-ruskou strategickou stabilitu hrozbou ; ovšem její zneužití je hrozbou pro politickou předvídatelnost .
missile defense is not a threat to us-russian strategic stability ; its mishandling is a threat to political predictability .
the anti-missile defence is not a strategic stability threat for the americans , but its abuse is a threat to political predictability .
the anti-missile defence is not a threat to the american russian strategic stability ; however , its abuse is a threat to political predictability .

při současném paternalistickém přístupu institucí eu ke kandidátským zemím totiž hrozí vytvoření dvourychlostní evropy , která zkomplikuje proces integrace .
indeed , eu institutions &apos; current paternalistic stance towards the accession countries threatens to create a two-tier europe that will complicate the task of integration .
in the current paternalistic approach of eu institutions to candidate countries , it is in danger of creating a two-speed europe that complies with the integration process .
in the current paternalistic approach of the eu institutions to candidate countries , the creation of a two-speed europe which complies with the integration process .

a nesouhlasím se svými přáteli , kteří nad prodejnami wal-mart ohrnují nos a tvrdí , že nikdy do žádného nevkročili .
and i don &apos;t agree with friends of mine who turn their noses down at wal-mart stores , and claim never to have visited one .
i do not agree with my friends who have been proud of the sale of the wal-mart , and say that they have never taken any action .
and i do not agree with my friends who do not go back over the sale of wallis , and say that they have never taken any step .

vskutku , mnozí evropané i lidé mimo evropu budou holmesovo videosimulaci šíření wal-martu považovat za hororový film .
indeed , many europeans , and others , will view holmes &apos;s video simulation of wal-mart &apos;s spread as a horror film .
indeed , many europeans and people outside europe will be the holdeviate of the spread of w-mars as a horosm .
indeed , many europeans and people outside europe will be the holodox virus of the spread of wallis as a horoman film .

řadoví korejci trvají na tom , aby americké vojáky , kteří v zemi spáchají trestný čin , soudily korejské soudy .
ordinary koreans insist that us soldiers who commit crimes should be tried in korean courts .
the korean korean people are insisting that the american soldiers who commit crime in the country are committed to the korean courts .
the correctness of korea is insisting that the american soldiers who commit a crime in the country should be judged by the korean courts .

evropská unie nemůže <unk> solidaritu <unk> pouze prohlásit za svou ústřední hodnotu a nedělat nic pro to , aby ji pěstovala mezi těmi , kdo se cítí marginalizováni .
the eu cannot simply proclaim &quot; solidarity &quot; as a core value and then do nothing to foster it among those who feel marginalized .
the european union cannot only declare its central value and do nothing to grow between those who feel marginalised .
the european union cannot only grant solidarity for its central value and do nothing to cultivate it between those who feel marginalised .

pomalý růst východní části země sráží celoněmecký průměr , zatímco obrovská poptávka po veřejných prostředcích na východě zvyšuje veřejný dluh .
the slow growth of the eastern part of the country has pulled down the germany-wide average , while the enormous demand for public funds in the east has increased public debt .
the small growth in the eastern part of the country is spreading the entire average average , while the huge demand for public funds in the east increases public debt .
the slow growth of the eastern part of the country is spreading the entire mess average , while the huge demand for public funds in the east increases public debt .

unikátní problém představuje malárie , jejímž viníkem je z velké části jeden druh afrického komára , který je mimořádně zdatným přenašečem této choroby .
malaria poses a unique challenge , owing in large part to africa &apos;s mosquito species , which are especially adept at transmitting the disease .
the unilateral problem is malaria , which is largely one of the type of african commodities , which is an extremely attractive transmission of this disease .
the unimaginable problem is malaria , which is a large part of a kind of african compassion , which is an extremely pertinent porter of this disease .

výzkum si všímal podmínek a podnětů potřebných k tomu , aby snáze vznikaly malé přizpůsobivé skupinky , které by získaly možnost chovat se jako velké společnosti .
the research noted the conditions and triggers needed to facilitate the self-assembly of small opportunistic groups and enable them to act like large companies .
research has taken into account the conditions and incentives needed to create small adapted groups that would be able to act as large companies .
research has taken note of the conditions and incentives needed to create small adapted groups that would be able to behave as a large society .

v latinské americe nemá přístup k bezpečné vodě přibližně 15 % obyvatel <unk> což je zhruba 76 milionů lidí <unk> a dalších 116 milionů postrádá přístup k sanitárním službám .
in latin america , about 15 % of the population -- roughly 76 million people -- do not have access to safe water , and 116 million people do not have access to sanitation services .
in latin america , there is no access to safe water of approximately 15 % of the population , which is approximately 76 million people in the high level and another 116 million missing access to sanitary services .
in latin america , there is no access to safe water for approximately 15 % of the population of the population , which is around 76 million of the population , and over 116 million have no access to sanitary services .

rozpracovaná zpráva tedy bývá obvykle zveřejněna na nějaké webové stránce a přijímají se návrhy od kohokoli - neziskových organizací , odborů i jiných organizací občanské společnosti .
so the evolving report is usually put up on a web site and suggestions are invited from one and all--ngos , trade unions , and other organizations of civil society .
therefore , the roll-call report is usually published on a website and the proposals are made from anyone - non-profit organisations , trade unions and other civil society organisations .
therefore , the processed report is usually published on a website and they are taking proposals from anyone - non-profit organisations , trade unions and other civil society organisations .

nedokážou pochopit , že američtí představitelé dávají sýrii spoluvinu za činnost islamistických teroristických skupin na palestinských územích , v iráku a v libanonu .
they fail to see that american officials regard syria as complicit in the activities of islamist terrorist groups in the palestinian territories , iraq , and lebanon .
i cannot understand that the american leaders give us coast coast for the activities of islamist terrorist groups in the palestinian territories , iraq and lebanon .
i cannot understand that the american leaders give syria co-guilt for the activities of islamist terrorist groups in the palestinian territories , iraq and lebanon .

dnes ekonomy obdobně znepokojují nevítaní duchové , když uvažují nad návratem hospodářských potíží , o nichž se už dlouho soudilo , že jsou mrtvými pojmy .
today , economists are similarly troubled by unwanted ghosts , as they ponder the reappearance of economic ills long thought buried and dead .
today , economists are worried about the unwelcome spirit when they think about the return of economic difficulties , which has long been condemned that they are dead .
today &apos;s economists are worried by the unwelcome spirit when they think about the returns of economic difficulties that have long been judged that they are dead .

třetím šokem bylo euro , které přineslo rychlé sblížení dlouhodobých úrokových sazeb , jež se v některých zemích pohybovaly o pět až sedm procentních bodů nad německou úrovní .
the third shock was the euro , which has induced a rapid convergence of long-term interest rates , which in some countries had been five to seven percentage points above the german level .
the third shock was the euro , which has brought about a rapid convergence of long-term interest rates , which were between five and seven percentage points over german levels in some countries .
the third shock was the euro , which has brought the rapid convergence of long-term interest rates , which were only five to seven % points over the german level in some countries .

proč byly tyto dva základní kameny revoluce v biologii a medicíně , jež dominovaly vědě ve druhé polovině 20. století , objeveny v britské fyzikální laboratoři ?
so why were these two foundation stones of the revolution in biology and medicine that dominated science in the second half of the 20th century uncovered in a british physics lab ?
why have these two cornerstones been the cornerstones of the biological and media , which dominated in the second half of the 20th century , discovered in the british physical laboratories ?
why have these two basic cornerstones in biological and media , which have been dominated in the second half of the 20th century , discovered in british physical laboratories ?

ovšem stejně jako v řadě dalších věcí i zde vše dopadlo jinak : velkými vítězi se staly ropné společnosti , zatímco americká i celosvětová ekonomika se zařadily mezi poražené .
as in so many other ways , things have turned out differently : the oil companies are the big winners , while the american and global economies are losers .
however , like many other things , everything has happened differently : major winners have become oil companies , while the us and the global economy have been included in the pockets .
however , like a number of other things , there has been anything else : the major winners have become oil companies , while the american and global economy have been included among the pockets .

obzvláště velký problém představuje v rozvojovém světě , kde roste demografická vlna srovnatelná s obrovským <unk> baby boomem <unk> , k němuž došlo na konci druhé světové války na západě .
they pose a particular challenge in the developing world , where a demographic bulge equal to the great &quot; baby boom &quot; that occurred in the west at the end of world war ii is growing .
a particularly major problem is in the developing world , where demographic waves are growing comparable to a huge trial in order to prevent the trial at the end of the second world war at the west .
a particularly large problem is in the developing world , where demographic wave is growing comparable with a huge b of the boom , which took place at the end of the second world war in the west .

voliči se zejména obávali , že by jejich pracovní místa zabraly hordy východních přistěhovalců , jejichž ztělesněním se stal v té době hojně citovaný obraz levného polského instalatéra .
in particular , voters were afraid that their jobs would be lost to hordes of eastern immigrants , exemplified in the image widely quoted at the time , of the low-cost polish plumber .
the electorate in particular feared that their jobs would brave the mountain of eastern immigrants , whose body has become , at that time , a very sensitive picture of the cheap polish plutoera .
in particular , the electorate feared that their jobs would prevent the mountain of eastern immigrants , whose faithful image has become a sensitive picture of the cheap polish installation .

tři z těchto zemí - estonsko , lotyšsko a litva - mají měnové výbory nebo fixní směnný kurz k euru - podobně jako bulharsko , u něhož se vstup do eu očekává v roce 2007 .
three of them--estonia , latvia , and lithuania--have currency boards or a fixed exchange rate with the euro , as does bulgaria , which is expected to enter the eu in 2007 .
three of these countries - estonia , latvia and lithuania - have monetary committees or fixed exchange rate from the euro - like bulgaria , which is expected to join the eu in 2007 .
three of these countries - estonia , latvia and lithuania - have monetary committees or fixed exchange rates from the euro - like bulgaria , which is expected to enter the eu in 2007 .

tato specifičnost je jedním z důvodů , proč úspěšné země - mimo jiné čína , indie , jižní korea či tchaj-wan - obvykle kombinovaly neortodoxní prvky s ortodoxní politikou .
such specificity helps explain why successful countries--china , india , south korea , and taiwan , among others--usually combined unorthodox elements with orthodox policies .
this specificity is one of the reasons why the successful countries - among other things china , india , south korea or taiwan - normally did not innovate with orthodox elements with orthodox policy .
this specificity is one of the reasons why a successful country - including china , india , south korea or taiwan - usually unorthodox elements with orthodox policy .

jan pavel ii. si bezpochyby udržuje odstup od liberálních ekonomických představ a liberálního státu , který často obviňuje z přílišné shovívavosti a mravního relativismu .
john paul ii undoubtedly keeps a distance from liberal economic ideas and the liberal state , which he often charges with permissiveness and moral relativism .
jan paul paul , without doubt , is maintaining the courage from the liberal economic situation and the liberal state , which often accuses the excessive validity and freezing relatives .
no doubt , jan pagay paiiri , is maintaining the courage from the liberal economic leader and the liberal state , which is often accused of the excessive lending and freezing relatives .

severoevropské země - obzvlástě německo a nizozemsko - se pysnily tím , že tradičně udržují umírněný poměr mezi zadlužením a hdp a relativně nízké úrokové sazby .
northern european countries--particularly germany and the netherlands--prided themselves on traditionally maintaining moderate debt-to-gdp ratios and relatively low interest rates .
the north-north european countries - the shock of germany and the netherlands - have been proud that they have traditionally maintained a moderate ratio between debt and gdp and relatively low interest rates .
the north-west european country - the municipalities of germany and the netherlands - have shaped that they traditionally maintain the moderate ratio between debt and gdp and relatively low interest rates .

proslýchá se , že daniel barenboim odešel z chicagského symfonického orchestru částečně i proto , že měl námitky proti požadavkům na sponzorské aktivity , které na něj byly kladeny .
daniel barenboim is rumored to have left the chicago symphony orchestra in part because he objected to the fundraising demands that were being made of him .
it has been heard that daniel barenrich has gone from chicago &apos;s popular fund ortega partly because he has objected to the demands for sponsored activities that have been put on the table .
it has been heard that daniel barenboy has left from the chicaggic sympathy fund , partly because he had objections to the requirements for the sponsor activities that have been put on it .

roku 1933 irving fisher - jeden z význačných předchůdců miltona friedmana z americké monetaristické školy - prohlásil , že vlády by mohly zabránit hlubokým krizím , pokud se budou vyhýbat deflaci .
back in 1933 irving fisher --milton friedman &apos;s predecessor atop america &apos;s monetarist school of economists-- announced that governments could prevent deep depressions by avoiding deflation .
in 1933 of the united kingdom , will be a major predecessor of mitoneda frieda , from the us monetary arist schools - he said that governments could prevent deep crises if they are avoided .
in 1933 , the irish people have been able to take part - one of the important predecessors of milton and friedmans from the american monetary arist school schools - said that governments could prevent deep crises if they are to avoid any kind of action .

ba existují pádné důvody pro to , aby k odpuštění indonéských dluhů došlo tak jako tak , neboť velká část zadlužení vznikla kvůli půjčkám , jež si brala zkorumpovaná suhartova vláda .
indeed , there is a compelling case to be made for indonesian debt relief in any case , given that much of the debt was incurred in loans to the corrupt suharto government .
there are coercive reasons for the abandonment of indonesian debts as such , as a large part of debt was created due to the loans that broken harbour harbour and the government .
there are any reasons for the decoupling of indonetic debts , as a large proportion of debt has arisen because of the loans that has broken the corrupt harbour and the government .

od teroristických útoků na new york a washington ze září 2001 uplynulo pět let , ale zdá se , že se političtí představitelé jen velmi málo poučili , jak teroristické buňky operují a kde mají slabiny .
five years have passed since the terrorist attacks on new york and washington of september , 2001 , yet it seems that policymakers have learned little about how terrorist cells operate , and what their weaknesses are .
five years have passed since terrorist attacks on new york and washington from september 2001 , but it seems that political leaders have just learned very little about how terrorist bubles are oppressed and where they have weaknesses .
five years have passed since terrorist attacks on new york and washington from september 2001 , but it seems that political leaders were very little to learn how terrorist cells erupt and where they have weaknesses .

mezinárodní systém tento pojem dosti rychle přijal ( a přetavil ) a následovalo množství vojenských humanitárních intervencí - v somálsku , na haiti , v bosně , kosovu , východním timoru a sieře leone .
the international system rather quickly adopted ( and transformed ) this notion , and numerous humanitarian military interventions followed--in somalia , haiti , bosnia , kosovo , east timor , and sierra leone .
the international system has quickly adopted this concept ( and followed ) and followed the number of military humanitarian interventions - somalia , haiti , bosnia , kosovo , kosovo , east timor and sieleone .
the international system has adopted this concept quite quickly ( and i read ) and followed by a number of military intervention - in somalia , haiti , in bosnia , kosovo , kosovo , east timor and sieone .

v těchto demokraciích bez demokratů je mnohem těžší diskutovat o , , lidských právech &quot; než o procesních formalitách , protože se na ně nepohlíží jako na , , práva &quot; v právním smyslu , ale jako na pouhé hryzání svědomí nebo jako na dary , které lze směnit za něco jiného .
in such democracies without democrats , &quot; human rights &quot; are more problematic to discuss than procedural formalities , because they are not thought of as &quot; rights &quot; in the legal sense , but merely as pangs of conscience , or else as gifts to be exchanged for something else of value .
in these democracies , without democrats , it is much harder to discuss , human rights , rather than procedural formalities , because they do not look at them , &apos; law in the sense of legal terms , but as a mere hidden of conscience or as those that can be mixed in another way .
in these democracies without democrats , it is much more difficult to discuss , human rights , &apos; than procedural formalities , because they do not look at them as , &apos; rights in the legal sense , but as a mere feature of conscience or as something that can be mixed for something else .

odpovědí je to , že fiskální politika je klíčovým nástrojem , který politici využívají k tomu , aby přilákali určité volebně strategické skupiny , například penzisty , státní zaměstnance či středostavovské majitele domů , a udrželi si je , zatímco náklady přesouvají na poražené .
the answer is that fiscal policy is the key tool politicians use to attract and maintain the support of a winning coalition of voters , say retirees , public employees , and middle-class homeowners , while imposing the costs on the losers .
the answer is that fiscal policy is a key instrument that politicians use to attract a certain strategic group , such as pensioners , state employees or the central owners of residents , and maintain them , while the costs are being transferred to the pockets .
the answer is that fiscal policy is a key tool that politicians use politicians to attract a certain strategic group , such as pensioners , civil servants or mediterranean owners of home , and maintain them , while the costs are relocated .

latinská amerika , region , který se recepty tzv. &quot; washingtonského konsensu &quot; - volný obchod , cenová deregulace a privatizace - snažil aplikovat nejpilněji , dospěl k pomalému a nestabilnímu růstu s prohlubující se sociální nerovností .
latin america , the region that tried hardest to implement the &quot; washington consensus &quot; recipes--free trade , price deregulation , and privatization--has experienced low and volatile growth , with widening inequalities .
the latin american latin america , a region with the recipients of the so-called &apos; washington consensus &apos; - free trade , price deregulation and privatisation - has tried to apply the most hard , reach a slow and unstable growth with deepening social inequalities .
the latin american region , the region , which , with the recipients of the so-called &apos; washington consensus &apos; - free trade , deregulation and privatisation - has tried to apply the most hardest , adults , to slow and unstable growth with deepening social inequalities .

kritici proto namítají , že my dnes oněch marginálních 70 dolarů na hlavu potřebujeme mnohem více , než budou bohatší lidé roku 2100 potřebovat svých 500 dolarů , které by získali , kdyby se nemuseli potýkat s následky změn globálního klimatu .
so the critics argue that we need the marginal $ 70 per capita today much more than the richer people of 2100 will need the $ 500 that they would gain from being spared the effects of global climate change .
we therefore believe that today , the margins of 70 dollars , we need much more than the rich people of the year 2100 of their 500 dollars that would have obtained if they had not had to deal with the consequences of global climate change .
we therefore consider that today , the margins of 70 dollars on the head , we need much more than the rich people of 2100 of their 500 dollars , which would have to come if they did not have to deal with the consequences of global climate change today .

evropské instituce by proto měly opustit svůj paternalistický přístup a vzít vážně obavy centrálních bankéřů v kandidátských zemích z rizik spojených s udržováním domácích měn po dlouhé období , během něhož se jejich ekonomiky musí plně otevřít kapitálovému toku .
so european institutions should abandon their paternalistic approach and take seriously the concerns of accession countries &apos; central bankers about the risks of maintaining their own currencies for a long period during which their economies have to open up completely to capital flows .
therefore , the european institutions should abandon their paternalistic approach and take seriously the concerns of central bankers in candidate countries from the risk of maintaining domestic currency after a long period during which their economies must fully open capital flows .
therefore , the european institutions should abandon their paternalistic approach and take seriously the concerns of central bankers in the candidate countries of the united states with maintaining domestic currency over a long period during which their economies must fully open their capital flow .

když zahájilo 13 britských kolonií v severní americe svou válku za nezávislost , thomas jefferson chápal , že , , řádný respekt k názorům lidstva &quot; vyžadoval objasnění války a předložil jej v prohlášení nezávislosti .
when the 13 british colonies in north america launched their own war of independence , thomas jefferson understood that &quot; the decent respect to the opinions of mankind &quot; required an explanation for that war , which he set forth in the declaration of independence .
when the british colonial colony started in northern america for its war on independence , thomas jefferson has understood that proper respect for the names of humanity was required to clarify the war and put it in a declaration of independence .
when the 13 british colonial colonial colonies started in north america , thomas jeas ferffert , understood that , proper respect for the views of the human name &apos; called for clarification of the war and presented it in independence .

bavorský předák edmund stoiber , kandidát sdu / csu na německého kancléře , volební rival stávajícího kancléře schrödera a rovněž neochvějný zastánce zájmů sudetských němců , požádal , aby kancléř schröder v reakci na zemanovy výlevy odmítl plánovanou návštěvu prahy .
edmund stoiber , bavaria &apos;s leader , the conservative cdu / csu candidate for german chancellor against current chancellor schroeder , and a staunch advocate of the sudeten germans , demanded that schroeder cancel a scheduled visit to prague in response to zeman &apos;s outburst .
in writing . - ( pt ) mr president , the candidate of the german chancellor , the current chancellor schwab , and also the underestimated supportive of the interests of the deputy deputy , asked the cancian people &apos;s response to the prague / czechs , to the german chancellor of the current czechs , as well as the undesignated supportive supportive supportive supporter of the deputy of the burmese , and also to the undeputy of the deputy of the deputy of the country &apos;s interests , to ask the deputy of the burmese to the burmese in the burmese &apos;s response to the burg .
the prime minister for the german chancellor , the current chancellor , and also the defenders of the department of germbahraw , to give a candidate to the german chancellor to the german chancellor , the current chancellor of the current summer of the schdeschderder , as well as the supporter of the deparent interests of the germans , the crörököris , to call on the planned visit to athens in the jamöch .

na izraelské straně by mohlo být další stažení se z desítek izolovaných a malých osad na západním břehu jordánu , které by obnášelo evakuaci dvaceti až třiceti tisíc osadníků , jednak politicky uskutečnitelné a jednak by poskytlo palestincům na západním břehu celistvé území .
on the israeli side , further disengagement from dozens of isolated and small settlements on the west bank , entailing the evacuation of between 20,000 and 30,000 settlers , may be politically feasible and would give the palestinians a contiguous territory on the west bank .
on the israeli side , further withdrawal from the isolated and small settlements in the west of the orthodox , which would give rise to 20 000 pupils , both on the part of the israeli territory , and on the other hand , on the part of the israeli territory , could be withdrawn from the residual and small settlements on the west bank , which would evolve to 20 000 palestinians , on the other hand , as well as on the ground , on the one hand , on the ground , on the part of palestinians , on the ground , on the part of palestine .
on the israeli side , another withdrawal of the dozens and isolation of smes could be withdrawn from the dozens of sports in the west bank , which would evolve up to 20 000 people , and , on the other hand , to the west in the west bank , and to the west bank , which would have been carried out by 20 000 people , on the other hand , and on the other hand , by the west bank , and on the other hand , would be able to provide the fate of palestinians in the west bank .

avšak nedávný umíráček za pakt stability a růstu , jejž německo , jeho otec , zahubilo společně s francií v úloze spoluautora piklí a ochotného komplice , nám připomíná zásadní poučení : pro volené politiky je těžké , ne-li nemožné vzdát se moci v oblasti fiskální politiky .
but the recent death of the stability and growth pact-killed off by germany , its father , with france acting as co-conspirator and willing accomplice-reminds us of a key lesson : elected politicians find it hard , if not impossible , to relinquish substantial power in the area of fiscal policy .
however , the recent stability and growth pact , his father , has taught the role of co-authors , recalled the role of co-authentic and reluctant policy : it is essential for us to recover the difficult fiscal policy , but the recent moderate of growth pact , the stability and growth pact , which germany , germany , has experienced the role of the frank , with the role of the frankly coloupe , with the role of the columal willingness to play : it is a major reluctant policy for us : it is essential for us .
however , the recent stability and growth pact , the father of germany , has , together , experienced frankly , frank and remembrance : it is vital for us : fiscal policy , the recent instability pact for the stability and growth pact , the stability and growth pact , which germany has experienced , the father , has killed the franche of france , together with the role of france in the computer , the role of comfort : it is essential to rectify us : fiscal policy , it is difficult for non-fiscal policy .

