tato teorie však není přesvědčivá .
but this theory is not convincing .
however , this theory is not convincing .
however , this theory is not convincing .

existuje jen málo důvodů k optimismu .
there is little reason for optimism .
there are few reasons for optimism .
there are only few reasons for optimism .

klíčovou součást řešení poskytnou nové technologie .
new technologies will provide a key part of the solution .
a key part of the solution provided by new technologies .
a key part of the solution will provide new technologies .

ospravedlňování humanitárních intervencí
justifying humanitarian intervention
justification of humanitarian intervention
justification for humanitarian intervention

neoliberální výzva pro evropu
europe &apos;s neo-liberal challenge
neoliberal challenge for europe
the neoliberal challenge for europe

deficity se vrátily - a chtějí se pomstít .
deficits are back--with a vengeance .
the deficits have returned - and they want to resume .
the deficit has returned - and they want to be prosecuted .

vdechuje evropské integraci život respekt k hodnotám ostatních ?
is european integration animated by respect for another &apos;s values ?
does european integration detract respect for the values of others ?
does european integration show respect for the values of others ?

nevěří v loajalitu či v důvěru .
they don &apos;t believe in loyalty or trust .
they do not believe in loyalty or confidence .
they do not believe in loage or trust in loast .

navíc novou definici potřebuje i sám princip suverenity .
moreover , the principle of sovereignty itself needs redefinition .
moreover , the new definition also needs the principle of sovereignty .
moreover , the new definition also needs the principle of sovereignty itself .

východoevropané byli dlouho součástí evropy i ve sportu .
even in sport , east europeans have long been integrated with the rest of europe .
europeans have long been part of europe and sport in sport .
the eastern europeans have long been part of europe as well as in sport .

zároveň platí , že peníze vynaložené na válku se daly utratit jinde .
at the same time , money spent on the war could have been spent elsewhere .
at the same time , it is true that the money spent on the war has been spent elsewhere .
at the same time , it is true that the money spent on the war has been spent elsewhere .

ještě před invazí přitom existovaly přesvědčivé důkazy , že bush lže .
even before the invasion , there was overwhelming evidence that bush was lying .
yet there have been convincing evidence that bush is still in place .
yet there was a convincing evidence that bush was still there .

mezi naše dnešní nejnaléhavějších úkoly patří potřeba bránit šíření slabých států .
one of our most pressing tasks today is to prevent the implosion of weak states .
among our most urgent tasks today , the need to defend the spread of weak states .
among our most urgent tasks today is the need to prevent the spread of weak states .

mnohé nás rozděluje : rozšíření eu , zemědělství , problematika domácího trhu .
much sets us apart : eu enlargement , agriculture , and domestic market issues .
many of us divide us : the expansion of the eu , agriculture , the issue of the domestic market .
many of us divide us : enlargement of the eu , agriculture , the issue of the domestic market .

stabilita je ovšem stejně tak otázkou politického vnímání jako technických výpočtů .
but stability is as much a matter of political perceptions as of technical calculations .
however , stability is also the issue of political perception as technical calculations .
however , stability is the same as the question of political perception as technical calculations .

v našem globalizovaném věku se předpokládá , že vývoj událostí budou determinovat obrovské neosobní síly .
in our globalized age , vast impersonal forces are supposed to determine events .
in our globalised age , it is foreseen that the developments of events will be taken into account by huge personal forces .
in our globalised age , the development of events will be a huge personal force .

je nejvyšší čas , aby instituce eu začaly brát problémy a příležitosti spojené s rozšířením vážněji .
it is high time that eu institutions address more seriously the challenges and opportunities posed by enlargement .
it is high time for eu institutions to take into account the problems and opportunities associated with enlargement more seriously .
it is high time for eu institutions to start taking problems and opportunities associated with enlargement more seriously .

nemá cenu skrývat , že občanská spoluúčast velmi často slouží jako legitimizace podvodu .
it is no use denying that civic participation too often serves only to legitimize a sham .
it is not worth hiding that civil participation very often serves as a legitimisation of fraud .
there is no price to hide the fact that civil participation is very often serve as a legitimisation of fraud .

nejvážnějsím problémem středoevropské politické pravice je ovsem chybějící identita .
the most serious problem of central europe &apos;s political right is a lack of identity .
the most serious problem of the central european political right is the lack of identity .
the most serious issue of the central european political right is the lack of identity .

nikdy v minulosti nevznikla tak silná opozice proti válce před jejím započetím .
never before was there so much opposition to a war before it occurred .
there has never been such strong opposition in the past against the war before it .
there has never been such a strong opposition to war against war in the past .

za prvé , světová ekonomika skutečně působí chaotičtěji než před desetiletím .
first , the world economy does look more chaotic than it did a decade ago .
firstly , the world economy is actually running chaotic than decades ago .
firstly , the world economy is actually causing a more chaotic than a decade ago .

a protože se vyhýbají přehnanému zjednodušování , dopouštějí se lišky méně chyb .
because they avoid over-simplification , foxes make fewer mistakes .
and because they avoid excessive simplification , they make a distinction with fewer errors .
and because they avoid excessive simplification , they make a distinction less errors .

žádoucí vize budoucnosti lidstva se musí dovolávat celosvětově sdílených pojmů spravedlnosti a rovnosti .
a desirable vision for the future of humanity must appeal to universally shared conceptions of justice and equity .
the desirable vision of the future of mankind must be allowed to take a global share of justice and equality .
a desirable vision of the future of mankind must allow global shared concepts of justice and equality .

lišky nejsou tak přímočaré a své ideologické nadšení dokážou lépe krotit .
eclectic foxes are better at curbing their ideological enthusiasms .
distinguishes are not such stoning and their ideological enthusiasm can be better taken .
the distinctions are not so eminent and their ideological enthusiasm can move better .

pro lidi zvyklé žít v totalitním státě není snadné se naučit , co znamená spoluúčast .
for people accustomed to living in a totalitarian state , learn what participation means is not easy .
it is not easy for people who are used to live in a totalitarian state to learn what the co-participation means .
it is not easy for people to live in a totalitarian state to learn what it means to participate .

převážná většina rozpočtu tradičně putovala do zemědělství nebo do rozvoje zaostalejších regionů .
traditionally , a large majority of the budget has gone either on agriculture or on the development of backward regions .
the overwhelming majority of the budget has traditionally pushed agriculture or the development of isolated regions .
the overwhelming majority of the budget has traditionally pushed to agriculture or to the development of the outermost regions .

pokud eu uzná , že se přístupová kritéria plní , musí rozhodnout o zahájení přístupových jednání počátkem roku 2005 .
should the eu consider the accession criteria as having been fulfilled , it must decide to open negotiations in early 2005 .
if the eu recognises that accession criteria are met , it must decide on the start of accession negotiations at the beginning of 2005 .
if the eu recognises that accession criteria are fulfilled , it must decide to start accession negotiations at the beginning of 2005 .

je však jasné , že chudoba pramení z různých složitých podmínek a její zlepšení vyžaduje vícerozměrný přístup .
clearly , however , poverty arises from various complex conditions , and its amelioration requires a multidimensional approach .
it is clear , however , that poverty will come from different complex conditions and its improvement requires a multidimensional approach .
however , it is clear that poverty is based on different complex conditions and its improvement requires a multidimensional approach .

sjednocení německa totiž stálo celé jmění , které mohlo být investováno do nejnovějších technologií a ekonomického růstu .
german re-unification cost a fortune , which could have been invested in high tech and growth .
in fact , the unification of germany has withdrawn the whole arm that could be invested in the latest technologies and economic growth .
in fact , germany &apos;s reunification has withdrawn the entire changes that could be invested in the latest technologies and economic growth .

tento model představuje současnou základnu podnikatelského světa , stejně jako je centralizace oblíbenou obrannou strategií .
this model is the current basis of the business world , just as centralization has also been the favored defense strategy .
this model represents the current core of the business world , as is the centralisation of a defensive defence strategy .
this model represents the current basis of the business world , as is the centralisation of a popular defence strategy .

v papežových prohlášeních se mnohdy objevuje kritika individualismu ve jménu společných hodnot .
a critique of individualism in the name of collective values occurs frequently in the pope &apos;s pronouncements .
there is often criticism of individual individual nationalism in papelah statements in the name of common values .
in the pakistani statements , the criticisms of individual values are often discovered in the name of common values .

od roku 1989 se ve střední evropě toto kyvadlo po volbách střídavě naklánělo doprava a doleva .
across central europe since 1989 , elections have oscillated between right and left .
since 1989 , this cypriot has been rarely established by transport and dollar in central europe since the elections .
since 1989 , this cypriot in central europe was shocked after the elections by transport and dollar .

bez regulačního rámce pro období po roce 2012 se naděje na zahájení projektových transakcí do roku 2006 až 2007 vytratí .
without a regulatory framework beyond 2012 , the window of opportunity for initiating project-based transactions will close by 2006 / 2007 .
without the regulatory framework for the period after 2012 , the hope for the start of a project transaction by 2006 will be trained by 2007 .
without a regulatory framework for the period after 2012 , the hope for the start of project transactions until 2006 will be trained .

německo , jeden z hlavních hráčů tohoto trhu , získá jen tehdy , když vsadí a investuje do jeho rozvoje .
as the major player , germany will gain by capitalizing on these developments .
germany , one of the main players of this market , will only be able to invest in its development .
germany , one of the main players of this market , will only come when it places and invest in its development .

na americkém břehu atlantiku se užitečnost těchto automatických fiskálních stabilizátorů nezpochybňuje .
on the american side of the atlantic , the usefulness of these automatic fiscal stabilizers is unchallenged .
in the us bank of the atlantic , the usefulness of these automatic fiscal stabilisers is not questioned .
on the american bank of the atlantic , the usefulness of these automatic fiscal stabilisers is not questioned .

ebenezera vydřigroše dokázaly půlnoční vidiny přesvědčit o mylnosti jeho jednání .
ebeneezer scrooge &apos;s nocturnal visitors were able to convince him of the errors of his ways .
the auspices of the auspices of desert have managed to convince the hallmarks of the myth of its negotiations .
the elephant and dherol have been able to convince the kidnappppings of his negotiations .

tyto dva imperativy jsou již ze své podstaty ve vzájemném rozporu , avšak rovnováhu mezi nimi může stále nejlépe zajistit zastupitelská parlamentní demokracie .
these two imperatives are inherently contradictory , but the balance between them is still best achieved through representative , parliamentary democracy .
these two conversations are already in conflict with each other , but the balance between them can still best ensure representative parliamentary democracy .
these two variations are already in their substance in conflict with each other , but the balance between them can still be the best way to ensure representative parliamentary democracy .

neodmyslitelnou skutečností bezpečnosti léčiv je fakt , že všechny léky vedle svých přínosů mohou také u některých pacientů způsobit újmu .
inherent to drug safety is the fact that all drugs , in addition to their benefits , cause harm in certain patients .
the indispensable fact of the safety of medicines is that all medicines , alongside their benefits , can also cause harm to some patients .
the inconceivable reality of the safety of medicines is that all medicines , in addition to their benefits , can also cause reimbursement for some patients .

zaměřeni spíše na obranu svých hodnot a bezpečnosti , američané se snaží chránit svět , zejména západ , před temnými novými hrozbami .
rather , in defending their values and security , americans strive to defend the world , especially the western world , from dark new threats .
rather , it focuses on defending its values and security , the americans are trying to protect the world , particularly the west , against the dark threats .
rather , instead of defending its values and security , the americans are trying to protect the world , particularly the west , from the dark new threats .

evropa potřebuje měnovou politiku , která chápe podporu růstu zaměstnanosti v severní evropě jako úkol důležitější , než je kontinentální cenová stabilita .
europe needs a monetary policy that views aiding employment growth in northern europe as more important than continental price stability .
europe needs a monetary policy that understands the promotion of growth in employment in northern europe as a task more important than continental price stability .
europe needs a monetary policy that understands the promotion of employment growth in northern europe as a task more importantly than continental stability .

to by pro hospodářské zotavení evropy představovalo katastrofu , neboť ecb by neměla jinou možnost než dupnout na měnové brzdy .
this would be disastrous for europe &apos;s economic recovery , as the ecb would have no choice but to slam down hard on the monetary brakes .
this would be a disaster for the economic recovery of europe , as the ecb should not have a different option than the danube on monetary brakes .
this would represent a disaster for the economic recovery of europe , because the ecb should not have a different option than to duration on monetary brains .

jestě jiní říkají , že ačkoliv je nezpochybnitelně nutné obnovit hospodářský růst , musí k zotavení dojít , , v duchu paktu<unk> <unk> .
still others say that while it is clearly essential to restore economic growth , the recovery must occur <<unk>> <<unk>> within the spirit of the pact . &apos; &apos;
others say that , although it is unquestionably necessary to restore economic growth , economic growth must take place , in the spirit of the trial .
others say that , although it is unquestionably necessary to restore economic growth , it must be restored , in the spirit of smuggling .

mým taktickým cílem je proto zlepšení veřejného obrazu úřadu ombudsmana tak , aby si získal větší úctu a uznání ze strany občanů i státu .
my tactical goal is thus to raise the public profile of the ombudsman &apos;s office , in order to win more respect and recognition by both citizens and the state .
therefore , my tactical aim is to improve the public image of the ombudsman in order to obtain greater respect and recognition from the citizens and the state .
my tactical aim is therefore to improve the public image of the ombudsman in order to gain greater respect and recognition from the citizens and the state .

momentálně mění bohaté země celosvětové klima tím , že každoročně produkují miliardy tun oxidu uhličitého ze spalování uhlí , ropy a zemního plynu .
right now , rich countries are changing the world &apos;s climate by emitting billions of tons of carbon dioxide each year from the use of coal , oil , and natural gas .
at the moment , the rich countries of the global climate are changing the global climate by producing billions of tonnes of carbon dioxide from the incineration of coal , oil and natural gas each year .
at the moment , it is changing the rich countries of the global climate by producing billions of tonnes of carbon dioxide from the spaces of coal , oil and gas each year .

deficity nevyvolávají pouze bezprostřední politické otázky , ale i dotazy týkající se spravedlivého přerozdělování mezi generacemi a mezigeneračního sdílení rizik .
deficits raise not only immediate political issues , but also issues of distributive justice between generations , and of intergenerational risk sharing .
deficits are not only calling for immediate political issues , but also questions relating to fair distribution between generations and intergenerational risk sharing .
the deficits do not only call for immediate political issues , but also questions relating to fair redistribution between generations and intergenerational risk sharing .

dostal jsem dar , který byl sám další ukázkou prezidentova svévolného nakládání s mocí , nikoliv důkazem úcty k morálním principům .
i was receiving a gift--itself merely another demonstration of the president &apos;s arbitrary exercise of power--not proof of respect for moral principles .
i received a dar , who was himself another demonstration of president arbitrary management of power , not proof of respect for moral principles .
i have received a dar , who was himself another demonstration of president arbitrary management of power , not proof of respect for moral principles .

virtuální podniky jsou nezvykle novátorské a v podnikatelském sektoru je to dost možná jediný systém , který dokáže kvalitně vyrobit jednorázový produkt .
virtual enterprises are unusually innovative , and , in the business sector , they are possibly the only system that can build a one-off product well .
virtual businesses are unused in the business sector is perhaps the only one system that can produce a one-off product quality .
virtual businesses are unlawful and in the business sector , it is perhaps the only system that is able to produce a one-off product .

jaké kroky jsme dnes povinni učinit , abychom pro své potomky i pro planetu snížili rizika vyplývající ze stále pravděpodobnějšího globálního oteplení a klimatických změn ?
what actions are we obligated to take now in order to diminish the risks to our descendants and our planet from the increasing likelihood of global warming and climate change ?
what steps are we going to take today to reduce the risks resulting from ever more likely global warming and climate change ?
what steps are we now obliged to do to reduce the risks resulting from the increasingly likely global warming and climate change ?

nemají-li mladí lidé navždy uvíznout na místech bez perspektivy nebo skončit zcela bez zaměstnání , potřebují lepší vzdělání a kvalifikaci odpovídající potřebám zaměstnavatelů .
if young people are not to become stuck in dead-end jobs , or end up without jobs at all , they need better education and skills that match those needed by employers .
if young people are not always to get a visa in places without prospects or to put an end to completely without employment , they need better education and qualifications appropriate needs for employers .
if young people are not always travelling in places without prospects or end without work , they need better education and qualifications with the appropriate needs of employers .

ekonomové například odhadují , že v oddělení potravin si wal-mart účtuje o 25 % méně než typický velký řetězec supermarketů .
for example , economists estimate that the food section of wal-mart charges 25 % less than a typical large supermarket chain .
for example , economists estimate that , in the decoupling of food , w-mart accounts for 25 % less than the typical chain of supermarket supermarkets .
for example , the economists estimate that , in the department of wallis , it accounts for 25 % less than the typical supermarket chain .

otázka , jestli rada bezpečnosti nezávislost schválí , do značné míry závisí na tom , zda se podaří odvrátit ruské veto , což bude vyžadovat značné diplomatické úsilí .
whether the security council will approve independence largely depends on averting a russian veto , which will require considerable diplomatic effort .
the question of whether the security council will approve , to a large extent , depends on whether it will be able to return to russian veto , which will require considerable diplomatic efforts .
the question of whether the security council will approve , to a large extent , depends on whether it will be able to resume russian veto , which will require considerable diplomatic efforts .

roovy populistické a nacionalistické názory nemilosrdně odzkouší realita , a to už záhy , neboť do úřadu má nastoupit už v únoru .
roh &apos;s populist and nationalist stance will be swiftly and sorely tested by reality when he assumes power in february .
the roles of populist and nationalistic views are not reviewed by a reactionary reality , as they have already taken place in february .
the ropopulist and nationalistic views of the untamirror are examining the reality , and that is already going to the office in february .

nicméně současné úrokové sazby byly v říjnu označeny za <unk> stále přiměřené <unk> , což signalizuje , že ecb ještě nedospěla k rozhodnutí zatnout zuby a zakročit .
nonetheless , current interest rates were described as &quot; still appropriate &quot; in october , signaling that the ecb has not yet reached a decision to bite the bullet .
however , the current interest rates in october have been identified as a supreme trial , which signatories that the ecb has not yet been able to arrest and take action .
however , the current interest rates have been labelled in october for an still duly substitute , which signalling that the ecb has not yet made a decision to arrest and take action .

naplánování invaze do iráku , u níž rumsfeld prosazoval použití menšího počtu vojáků , než se doporučuje , svědčí o špatném pochopení distribuovaných systémů .
but the planning for the iraq invasion , in which rumsfeld advocated the use of fewer troops than advised , suggests a poor understanding of distributed systems .
the planning of the invasion of iraq , in which the russian confess advocated the use of a smaller number of soldiers than recommended , shows the poor understanding of the distribution systems .
the planning of the invasion to iraq , in which the rumble has advocated the use of a smaller number of soldiers than recommended , shows the poor understanding of the distribution systems .

někteří jednotlivci se mohou na operacích podílet kvůli zisku a moci nebo z politických a náboženských důvodů , zatímco jiní se jich účastní z nenávisti nebo kvůli vzrušení .
individuals can be involved for profit and power , or for political and religious reasons , while others participate for hate or thrills .
some individuals can participate in operations because of profits and power or from political and religious reasons , while others are involved in hatred or exposure .
some individuals can participate in operations due to profit and power , or from political and religious reasons , while others are involved in hatred or because of the departure .

protože jsme mimořádně konzervativní , při hodnocení celkového dopadu na ekonomiku předpokládáme , že lze válce přisoudit pouhých 5 až 10 dolarů z celkového zvýšení cen ropy .
being extremely conservative , we estimate the overall effect on the economy if only $ 5 or $ 10 of the increase is attributed to the war .
because we are extremely conservative , when assessing the overall impact on the economy , we assume that the war can only be attributed to 5 to 10 dollars from the total increase in oil prices .
as we are extremely conservative , in evaluating the overall impact on the economy , we assume that a war can be attributed to only 5 to 10 dollars from the total increase in oil prices .

výsledkem jsou vysoké prémie za opakovaný zápis do armády , zvýšené sociální dávky a vyšší náklady na odvody <unk> jen mezi lety 2003 a 2005 vzrostly tyto částky o 20 % .
the result is large re-enlistment bonuses , improved benefits , and higher recruiting costs -- up 20 % just from 2003 to 2005 .
the result is high premiums for repeated minutes in the armies , increased social benefits and higher water costs , only between 2003 and 2005 , these sums have risen by 20 % .
the result is the high meltdown for the repeated minutes of the army , the increased social benefits and the higher cost of water , only between 2003 and 2005 , these amounts have risen by 20 % .

je nerealistické žádat od chudých zemí , kde víc než 1,6 miliard lidí nemá přístup k čisté energii ani k technologiím , aby náklady spojené s tolik potřebnou technologickou změnou nesly právě ony .
it is unrealistic to ask poor countries , where more than 1.6 billion people do not have access to clean energy and technologies , to bear the costs associated with the much needed technological change .
it is unrealistic to ask the poor countries , where more than 1.6 billion people have no access to clean energy or technology , so that the costs associated with the necessary technological change are not the same .
it is unrealistic to demand from poor countries , where more than 1.6 billion people have no access to clean energy or technology to the cost of such a necessary technological change .

z historického hlediska prokázaly ceny domů značnou dynamiku a ceny ve všech těchto městech stále stoupají rychlým tempem , byť o něco pomaleji než před rokem či více .
historically , housing prices have shown a lot of momentum , and prices in all these cities are still going up at a brisk rate , though usually somewhat slower than a year or more ago .
from a historical point of view , the prices of houses have shown considerable dynamism and prices in all these cities are still rising rapidly , albeit a little more than a year ago or more .
from a historical point of view , they have demonstrated the price of houses and prices in all these cities are still rising at a rapid pace , even if something i had a year or more than a year ago .

teroristické útoky proti spojeným státům z 11. září 2001 údajně všechno změnily - nejen mezinárodní vztahy , ale i rovnováhu mezi právy a povinnostmi , již jsme dlouho brali za samozřejmost .
the september 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in the united states allegedly changed everything - not only international relations , but the balance between rights and obligations that we long took for granted .
terrorist attacks against the united states of 11 september 2001 allegedly changed everything - not only international relations , but also the balance between rights and obligations that we have taken for a long time .
terrorist attacks against the united states of 11 september 2001 have allegedly changed everything - not only international relations , but also a balance between rights and responsibilities , we have long been taking for granted .

bohaté země , ač tvoří jen 15 % světové populace , byly dosud zodpovědné za víc než 75 % globálních emisí oxidu uhličitého ( co2 ) , tedy většinu škod na životním prostředí .
up to now , with only 15 % of the world &apos;s population , rich countries have been responsible for more than 75 % of global carbon dioxide ( co2 ) emissions , and thus most of the environmental damage .
the rich countries , although only 15 % of the world &apos;s population , have been responsible for more than 75 % of global carbon dioxide emissions ( co2 ) , the majority of damage to the environment .
the rich country , which is only 15 % of the world &apos;s population , has hitherto been responsible for more than 75 % of global carbon dioxide emissions ( co2 ) , the majority of damage to the environment .

jsme všichni spojenci usa ; návrh naší ústavy znovu potvrzuje význam vazby na nato ; naše strategie dosažení růstu a přispění ke globální stabilitě závisí na nenahraditelné podstatě našeho vztahu k americe .
we are all allies of the us ; our draft constitution restates the importance of the nato link ; our strategy for growth and our contribution to global stability depend on the irreplaceable nature of our relationship with america .
we are all allies of the us ; the proposal of our constitution reaffirms the importance of nato ties ; our strategy to achieve growth and contribute to global stability depends on the irreplaceable nature of our relationship with america .
we are all allies of the us ; the proposal of our constitution reaffirms the importance of the links to nato ; our strategy for growth and contributing to global stability depends on the unreplaceable nature of our relationship with america .

podobně jako alexandr solženicyn má i papež sklon věřit , že to byl především odpor vůči totalitě , díky čemu se mohl člověk skutečně osvobodit a uchránit základní hodnoty civilizace .
like alexander solzhenitsyn , the pope tends to believe that it was above all in resistance to totalitarianism that man could become truly free and preserve the fundamental values of civilization .
like alexander mar chner , the papel is also to believe that this was primarily a opposition to totalitarianism , which has been able to truly free and protect the fundamental values of civilisation .
similarly , as alexander japanio , the pope is also supposed to believe that it was , above all , resistance to totalitarianism , thanks to which one could really free and protect the fundamental values of civilisation .

jistým způsobem , jak tuto propast překlenout , je vložit do charty osn novou kapitolu věnovanou lidským právům a přeformulovat kapitolu iv , jež se týká používání síly v mezinárodních vztazích .
one way to overcome this chasm is to introduce into the un charter a new chapter devoted to human rights and to reformulate chapter iv , which concerns the use of force in international relations .
in a certain way , how to bridge this gap , it is to put a new chapter on the un charter on human rights and to reformulate chapter iv , which concerns the use of force in international relations .
in a certain way , how to bridge this gap , it is inserted to the un charter of a new chapter devoted to human rights and to formulate a chapter in iv , which concerns the use of forces in international relations .

američtí výrobci automobilů však své hltače benzinu milují a bushovi kumpáni z ropného průmyslu si nepřejí být rušeni při své destrukci zemské atmosféry .
but america &apos;s automakers love their gas-guzzlers , and bush &apos;s oil industry pals want no interference with their destruction of the planet &apos;s atmosphere .
however , the american car manufacturers , the car manufacturers , the blurch , love and bushche from the oil industry , do not wish to be ruled out in their destruction of the land atmosphere .
however , the american car manufacturers are mirror with petrol and bushia from the oil industry do not wish to be rooted in their destruction of the natural atmosphere .

vyvíjet projekty v oblasti infrastruktury je dlouhodobý proces , který vyžaduje 3 až 7 sedm , aby byl čas na stanovení záměru , získání povolení , zajištění financí , realizaci výstavby a konečně první certifikaci snížení uhlíkových emisí .
developing infrastructure projects is a long process that requires 3-7 years from identification , through licensing , financing , and construction , and finally to the first certification of carbon emission reductions .
the development of infrastructure projects is a long-term process that requires 3 to 7 to seven , so that the time for the purpose of setting the intention , obtaining permission , ensuring finance , the implementation of construction and , finally , the first certification of the reduction of carbon emissions .
the development of infrastructure projects is a long-term process that requires 3 to 7 to seven , so that it is time to set the intentions , to obtain authorisation , to ensure finance , to implement and , finally , the first certification of the reduction in carbon emissions .

v případech jednodušších struktur sestávajících z nemnoha atomů dokázala chemie nabídnout významnou pomoc při určování atomového uspořádání a výsledek tedy bylo často možné najít metodou pokusu a omylu .
with simpler structures made up of small numbers of atoms , chemistry could provide considerable guidance as to the atomic arrangements , and a solution could thus often be found by trial and error .
in cases of simpler structures of existing seasonal structures , chemicals have been able to offer significant assistance in determining the atomic order and , therefore , the result has often been possible to find a method of temptation and error .
in cases of simpler structures of the existing seats , chemicals have been able to offer significant assistance in determining the atomic organisation and , therefore , the result has often been possible to find a method of fines and omissions .

nezávislé centrální banky mohou být občas politikům trnem v oku , ale v případě nutnosti je alespoň lze použít jako obětní beránky , což je úloha , jejíž přínosy převažují nad cenou za ztrátu kontroly nad jedním užitečným nástrojem .
independent central banks can occasionally be a pain for politicians , but at least they can be used as scapegoats when necessary-a role whose political benefits outweigh the costs of losing control over a useful tool .
independent central banks can be at times the moment of politicians in the ok , but in the case of the need , at least , it is possible to be used as a scapegoat , a role which is the benefit of the price being transferred to the loss of control over one useful instrument .
the independent central bank can sometimes be a politician in ok , but in the case of the need , at least , it can be used as a scapegoat , which is a role that prevails over the price loss of control over one useful instrument .

skutečným problémem mého úřadu však není nevědomost ani právní neduživost , nýbrž fakt , že v nedostatečně vyvinutém právním systému , jako je ten ruský , je moje autorita převážně osobní a vyžaduje pomoc hromadných sdělovacích prostředků .
but the real problem for my office is neither ignorance nor legal infirmity , it is that in an under-developed legal system such as russia &apos;s , my authority is mostly personal , and requires help from the mass media .
however , the real problem of my office is not the knowledge or the legal spirit , but the lack of legal life , but the lack of an undeveloped legal system , such as the russian one , is my copyright and requires assistance to the mass media .
however , the real problem of my office is not the knowledge or the legal impartiality , but the fact that , in the underdeveloped legal system , such as the russian , my authority is mostly personal and requires the assistance of mass media .

my přitom očekáváme , že zdokonalené technologie a jejich rozšíření učiní svět roku 2100 při dvouprocentním ročním růstu mnohem bohatším : vyjádřeno v hodnotách kupní síly roku 2006 to bude 50 000 dolarů na hlavu .
we expect improved technology and its spread to make the world of 2100 , at a 2 % annual growth rate , much richer : $ 50,000 per capita of year-2006 purchasing power .
at the same time , we expect that improved technology and their enlargement will make the world more than 2100 at a two-cent growth rate : the expression of the purchasing power force in 2006 will be 50 000 dollars on the head of the world .
at the same time , we expect that improved technology and their enlargement to make the world a maximum of 100 % of annual growth : expressed in the value of the purchasing power of 2006 , it will be 50 000 dollars on the head .

přesto se často zdá , že amerika a evropa nepohlíží na svět stejnou optikou : španělskou reakcí na teroristické útoky - hrozbě společné všem demokraciím - bylo zvolit vládu slibující ukončení proamerické politiky v iráku .
yet america and europe often do not seem to see the world through the same glasses : spain &apos;s response to the terrorist attacks - a threat common to all democracies - was to vote in a government promising an end to pro-us policy on iraq .
however , it seems often that america and europe do not look at the same optimism : the spanish response to terrorist attacks - a threat to all democracies - was the government to choose a promise to put an end to american policies in iraq .
nevertheless , it seems often that america and europe do not look at the same optimism in the world : the spanish response to terrorist attacks - the threat of a common democracies - was to vote on the government promises to bring an end to the american policy in iraq .

kdykoliv tedy hledáme řešení některých nejpalčivějších problémů světa , je pravděpodobné , že se i ona dají alespoň zčásti nalézt v nových technologiích , které dokážou překonat staré a zdánlivě neřešitelné problémy .
thus , when we seek solutions to some of the world &apos;s toughest problems , they , too , are likely to be found , at least in part , in new technologies that can resolve old and seemingly intractable problems .
so , whenever we look for a solution to some of the most pressing problems of the world , it is likely that they are at least in part found in new technologies that can overcome the old and seemingly unresolved problems .
therefore , if we are looking for a solution to some of the most devastating problems in the world , it is likely that they are at least part of finding in new technologies that can overcome the old and remarkable problems .

berlín : stejně jako se protřelým válečníkům při zvuku polnice začne v žilách vařit krev , tak stratégům studené války stoupá hladina adrenalinu , když se na první strany deníků dostane téma protiraketové obrany .
berlin : like old battle horses feeling young as the bugle sounds , cold war strategists are feeling the adrenalin mount as missile defense becomes front page news .
the berlin berlin : like the three wars of the polish wars , the blood will start to kremlin , the fear of the cold war is rising smoothly , when the subject of anti-missile defence is on the first side of the day .
i am sorry : as well as the three warrants of the pockets in the pockets , they will start the blood of the cold wars of the cold war , when the first party of dairs is on the subject of anti-missile defence .

ve své zemi se stal téměř uctívanou postavou a velké segmenty západního veřejného mínění se domnívají , že jeho politický skon představuje potenciálně smrtelnou ránu jakékoliv naději na pokrok v oblasti , ačkoliv ho velká část arabského a muslimského světa i nadále nenávidí .
he has become a nearly revered figure in his country , and large segments of western public opinion believe that his political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region , even as he remains hated in large parts of the arab and muslim world .
in my country , it has become almost an eminent and large segments of the western public opinion believe that its political skill is potentially a fatal hope of any progress in the area , although a large part of the arab and muslim world continues to hatred .
in their country , it has become almost an acute and large segments of western public opinion , they believe that his political scandal represents potentially a deadly hope of any progress in the area , although a large part of the arab and muslim world continues to be hatred .

členové správní rady fondu us medicare ( který poskytuje lékařské služby penzistům ) zase odhadují , že jejich nekryté závazky činí v současné době 5,9 bilionů dolarů - což je o 50 % více , než je hodnota státního dluhu usa .
the trustees of the us medicare trust funds ( providing medical services to the retired ) estimate that their unfunded obligations have a present value of $ 5.9 trillion--50 % larger than america &apos;s official publicly-held national debt .
in fact , the members of the board of the administrative fund of the us media fund ( providing medical service to pensioners ) reveals that their uncovered commitments are currently under way by 5.9 billion dollars - which is 50 % more than the value of the us sovereign debt .
in fact , the members of the council of the administrative council of the media fund ( which provides medical services for pensioners ) estimate that their uncover commitments are currently being made at 5.9 trilles - which is 50 % more than the value of the us sovereign debt .

to znamená , že penzijní a daňové instituce musí brát lépe v úvahu měnící se podmínky , kterým čelí jednotlivé generace , spíse než aby slibovaly nějaké pevně dané výplaty v budoucnu - kteréžto sliby s největsí pravděpodobností stejně nelze dodržet .
what this means is that pension and tax institutions must be designed to take better account of the changing circumstances facing different generations , rather than make fixed promises--which most likely cannot be kept , anyway--of a certain payout in the future .
it means that pension and tax institutions must take better account of the changing conditions faced by individual generations rather than promising some firm salaries in the future - the promises of promises with the greatest likelihood cannot be respected .
this means that pension and tax institutions must take better account of the changing conditions faced by individual generations , rather than promising a strong salaries in the future - the promises to be made with the greatest likelihood cannot be respected .

makroekonomické politiky , finanční globalizace a změny v institucích trhu práce prohloubily v posledních desetiletích nerovnost , a to nejen co do příjmů a bohatství , ale rovněž co se týče dostupnosti vzdělání , zdravotní péče a sociální ochrany a politické participace a vlivu .
macroeconomic policies , financial globalization , and changes in labor market institutions have exacerbated inequality in recent decades , not only in income and wealth , but also in access to education , healthcare , social protection , as well as in political participation and influence .
in recent decades , not only in terms of income and wealth , but also in terms of access to education , healthcare and social protection and social protection , financial globalisation and changes in the labour market institutions have deepened inequalities in recent decades , not only in terms of income and wealth incomes , but also in terms of access to access to education , healthcare and social protection and social protection and political influence and participations .
in recent decades , not only in income and wealth , but also in accessibility , education and social protection and social protection , financial globalisation and changes in the labour market institutions have deepened the inequalities in the past decades , not only in terms of income and wealth , but also in terms of accessibility , education , health care and social protection and political participation and influence .

nejlep<unk> ¡ ã <unk> scã <unk> nã ¡ ř tedy předpoklã ¡ dã ¡ , <unk> <unk> e se schrã <unk> der bude dr<unk> <unk> et filozofie â <unk> <unk> agendy 2010 &quot; a mã <unk> nte<unk> bude zdrã ¡ havã <unk> spd trpělivě vysvětlovat , <unk> <unk> e na cestě do země zaslã <unk> benã <unk> je třeba překročit pou<unk> ¡ ť .
in the best case scenario , schröder will therefore stick to the &quot; agenda 2010 &quot; philosophy , and müntefering will patiently explain to a reluctant spd that you have to cross the desert in order to make it to the promised land .
therefore , the manoeuvre of the best manoeuvre of the manoeuvre of the manoeuvre , the opposition to the opposition to the opposition of the manoeuvre , the shameful of the opposition to the appointment of a cloud trip , will be the trial of the trial of the supredecesses of the czechs , the condemnation of the condemnation of the condemnation of the condemnation of the &apos; czeczechs &apos; , and the unrhetories &apos; czechrd &apos;nchechoui &apos; and &apos; trichs will be , the lude of the lusion of the lusion of the opposition to the trivigolness of the trivictory , the cod and the unter of the country of the cocken to the cocken , the coatic country &apos;s untter , and the
therefore , the father of the eu &apos;s sentiment of the vienna spreads of the spreads of the sentiment of the viruhr &apos;s spreads of the great spreading of the strong and supreme of the sentiment of the supreme act of the swel , the são são sazar , will be a subscripplary of the philosophy of the &apos; agenda for 2010 &apos; , and the nmdmfa &apos; agenda will be restrated to the restraight away from the fact that it would be taken to be taken from the foot of the country &apos;s belongest for the country &apos;s beijing a and to be to be to be to be to be to be the belongestion the fill and to be to be to the beor-ford to the sor to the sor

jak ovšem irák zabředává do chaosu , diplomaté a vedoucí představitelé z celého světa si znovu kladou otázku , zda a kdy je patřičné , aby aliance států či mezinárodní společenství jako celek zasahovaly , pokud se nějaký svrchovaný stát zdá neschopen či neochoten bránit své občany před genocidou , válečnými zločiny nebo etnickými čistkami .
but as iraq spirals into chaos , diplomats and leaders everywhere are again asking themselves if it is ever appropriate for alliances of nations or the international community as a whole to intervene when a sovereign country appears unable or unwilling to defend its citizens from genocide , war crimes , or ethnic cleansing .
however , it is pushing the diplomats and leaders of the world once again , and when the question is , or that the international alliance , as a whole , has been affected by the sovereign state , if it seems to prevent any unwillingness to prevent iraq from becoming committed to diplomacy , the leaders of the world , and the leaders of the world , once again , and whether it is the question of whether it is properly , the alliance of the international alliance or the international community , as a whole , of nations as long as a sovereign state , if it seems to defend its distrust or unwillingness to defend its citizens from their diminishing their ethnic or ethnic citizens .
however , the athens of iraq , the diplomats and representatives of the whole world , once again , the question of whether and whether it is appropriate to the international community , if it seems to be sovereign or unwilling to defend its citizens from the war , to iraq &apos;s chaired diplomats , and the leaders of the whole world , whether and whether the question is whether and whether it is appropriate , and when it is appropriate , as a whole of the international community , if it seems to defend its sovereign or unwilling to defend their citizens from the war , to defend their citizens of the cleaner and cleaner .

přimícháme-li ke generační změně , která jej vynesla do nejvyšší funkce v zemi , silnou touhu veřejnosti pokračovat v námluvách se severní koreou - navzdory severokorejskému zahrávání si s jaderným ohněm - , je na neshody a hádky se spojenými státy už předem zaděláno .
but couple the generational changeover thaty put him in office with a strong popular desire for continued engagement with north korea--notwithstanding north korea &apos;s growing nuclear brinkmanship--and the recipe is complete for disputes with the us .
if we were to change the generalised position in the country , it is a strong public desire to continue with north korea - despite the north korean agreement - it is untouched with the united states .
if we are to change the generations that did not get a strong public to the north of north korea - in spite of the north korean contingency - the abstention of the north states , which has not put it into the highest role in the supreme country , a strong public in order to continue to continue the north korea - despite the north korean contingency of korea - the abduction of north korea - the abstention and the united states .

