danke .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

dabei .
whereas .
there we go .
there .

ungefähr .
sort of .
about it .
about it .

im ernst .
no kidding .
seriously .
seriously .

solartechnologie ist ...
solar technology is ...
solar technology is ...
solar technology is ...

was für ein fisch .
what a fish .
what a fish .
what a fish .

was bedeutet das ?
what does this mean ?
what does that mean ?
what does that mean ?

das ist unsere gegenwart .
that &apos;s our present .
this is our present .
that &apos;s our present .

und das ist wichtig .
and that &apos;s important .
and that &apos;s important .
and that &apos;s important .

also schaffen sie das .
so , you can do it .
so you can do that .
so they do that .

nicht schuldmanagement .
not guilt management .
not school management .
not school management management .

ich gehe hier rein .
so i &apos;m just going to enter in .
i &apos;ll go in here .
i &apos;m going to go here .

sehr teure immobilien .
very expensive real estate .
very expensive mobilization .
very expensive mobility .

ohhhh .
ohhhh .
ohhh .
ohhhh .

das spiel ist von 2007 .
we made this game in 2007 .
the game is from 2007 .
the game is from 2007 .

und viele menschen vergessen dies .
and many people forget this .
and many people forget this .
and many people forget this .

ich finde das faszinierend .
i mean , it &apos;s fascinating .
i think that &apos;s fascinating .
i think that &apos;s fascinating .

sehr furchteinflößend .
very scary .
very scary .
very horrible .

erste verlängerung , zweite .
first overtime , second .
first extension , second .
first decline , second .

ich muss mir keine sorgen machen !
why should i worry ?
i don &apos;t have to worry .
i don &apos;t have to worry .

ihre mutter zog sie allein auf .
her mother raised her alone .
her mother moved her alone .
her mother left her alone .

so fühlen sie sich gut . &quot;
it makes them feel good . &quot;
so they feel good . &quot;
that &apos;s how they feel good . &quot;

und das sagt er tatsächlich so .
and he actually says it that way .
and this is what he actually says .
and that &apos;s what he actually says .

er zeigte auf die algen .
he pointed at the algae .
he showed up the algae .
he showed up on the algae .

und dann passierte etwas komisches .
and then some very funny things happened .
and then something funny happened .
and then something weird happened .

okay , das macht wirklich mut .
so that &apos;s reassuring , you know .
okay , that really makes courage .
okay , that &apos;s really courageous .

wodurch zeichnet sich eine geschichte aus ?
what defines a story ?
what is a story called ?
what about a story ?

sie breitet sich rasant aus .
it &apos;s spreading virally .
it spreads out .
it spread rapidly .

also sie können das gar nicht lösen .
so you can &apos;t solve that .
so you can &apos;t solve that .
so you can &apos;t solve that .

sie können zeigen , ich war da .
you can show that you were there .
you can show me , i was there .
you can show , i was there .

sie sind eine inspirierende persönlichkeit .
you &apos;re an inspiring person .
they &apos;re an inspiring personality .
they &apos;re an inspiring personality .

sie wollen sich im museum orientieren ?
you want to navigate around the museum ?
you want to orient in the museum ?
you want to be in the museum ?

wir müssen überlegen , welche marken .
we &apos;ve gotta figure out which brands .
we need to think about what marks .
we need to think what marks .

jetzt machen wir das mit flugzeugen .
now we do the same with airplanes .
now we &apos;re doing this with airplanes .
now we &apos;re doing this with airplanes .

ich glaube , überall gibt es möglichkeiten .
and i think that opportunity exists all around us .
i think there are opportunities everywhere .
i think there are opportunities everywhere .

sie wird sie zutiefst berühren .
it will get to you .
she &apos;s going to touch her deep .
she &apos;s going to touch her deep .

also von der modernen in die computergesellschaft .
from the modern to the computer society .
so , from modern in the computer society .
so from modern society in the computer society .

sie hatten ein konzept von blauem blut .
they had a concept of blue blood .
they had a concept of blue blood .
they had a concept of blue blood .

er schüttelte seinen kopf , nein .
he shook his head , no .
he shaped his head , no .
he shake his head , no .

nein , nein , weit gefehlt .
no , no , that &apos;s way off .
no , no , lacking .
no , no , far .

es gibt einen weiteren aspekt bei der geschichte .
there &apos;s one more part to the story .
there &apos;s another aspect of history .
there &apos;s another aspect of history .

aber es geht nicht nur um die wörter .
so , it &apos;s not just about the words .
but it &apos;s not just the words .
but it &apos;s not just the words .

ausgewachsen maßen sie fünf zentimeter .
they were maturing at five centimeters .
they grow five centimeters .
they grow five centimeters .

ich glaube , unsere identität ist bedroht .
well i believe that our identity is at risk .
i think our identity is threatened .
i think our identity is threat .

und weiter , jetzt sehen sie ihn immer .
and , what &apos;s more , you &apos;ll now always see it .
and on , now you see it all the time .
and further , now you see him always .

und die liste kann man endlos fortsetzen .
and the list can go on forever .
and the list can be used endless .
and the list is that you can continue endless .

jetzt füge ich einen bass hinzu .
now i put a bass line in .
now i &apos;m going to add a bass .
now i &apos;m going to add a badly .

dummerweise ist sie nicht viel besser .
unfortunately , it &apos;s not much better .
remember , it &apos;s not much better .
dumb is not much better .

und wissen sie was ? sie haben unrecht .
and you know what ? you &apos;re wrong .
and you know what ? they &apos;re wrong .
and you know what ? they &apos;re wrong .

auf jeden fall , dass sie das drin tun .
in any case , you imagine it happening inside .
anyway , that &apos;s what they &apos;re doing in there .
anyway , you &apos;re going to do that in .

danach geht es um die kombination der verschiedenen bilder .
then it &apos;s about combining the different photographs .
and then it &apos;s about the combination of the various images .
after that , it &apos;s about the combination of the different images .

man hofft , dass wir das nicht brauchen .
you hope you don &apos;t need to do that .
you hope that we don &apos;t need that .
you hope that we don &apos;t need that .

aber hier ist , was sie hätten denken sollen .
but here &apos;s what you &apos;re supposed to be thinking .
but here &apos;s what you should have thought .
but here &apos;s what you should have thought .

vielen dank für die erfindung der verhaltensökonomie .
thank you so much for inventing behavioral economics .
thank you very much for behavioral economics .
thank you for the invention of behavioral economics .

beachten sie zwei dinge an dieser kurve .
i want you to notice two things from this curve .
notice two things at this curve .
notice two things on this curve .

es wird eine herausforderung das für 9 anzubieten .
it &apos;s going to be a stretch to do it for nine .
it &apos;s going to offer a challenge for nine .
it &apos;s going to offer a challenge for nine .

es entstand vor viereinhalb jahren in italien .
it was four and a half years ago in italy .
it came out four and a half years ago in italy .
it was born four and a half years ago in italy .

wir wollen nicht , dass firmen leben patentieren .
we don &apos;t companies patenting life .
we don &apos;t want companies to patent lives .
we don &apos;t want companies to be patented .

nicht alles soll natürlich kompostierbar sein .
of course not everything should be compostable .
not to be composable , of course .
not all of this is supposed to be composable .

aber niederlassen ist nicht immer so eine schlechte sache .
but settling isn &apos;t always such a bad thing .
but dutch is not always such a bad thing .
but it &apos;s not always a bad thing .

ich will es erreichen indem ich nicht sterbe . &quot;
i want to achieve it through not dying . &quot;
i want to do it by not getting sterile . &quot;
i want to do it by not going to die . &quot;

wieso muss ich mir so &apos; n kleines auto leisten ?
why do i have to get such a small car ?
why do i have to afford this little car ?
why do i have to afford a little car ?

2010 war es 23 millionen mal angeschaut worden .
in 2010 , it was viewed 23 million times .
in 2010 , it was 23 million times .
in 2010 , it was 23 million times .

aber gleichzeitig wissen wir , dass das nicht möglich ist .
but at the same time , we know it can &apos;t .
but at the same time , we know that this is not possible .
but at the same time , we know that this is not possible .

das kind in mir ist von solchen möglichkeiten wirklich begeistert .
the child in me is really excited by these kinds of possibilities .
the kid in me is really excited about this opportunity .
the child in me is really excited about opportunities .

wenn sie wollen erstellt sie hyperlinks zwischen den bildern .
it &apos;s creating hyperlinks , if you will , between images .
if you want to make them hyperlinks between the images .
if you want to create hyper-links between the images .

dies sind die menschen , die meine weltsicht formen .
these are the people who shape the way i look at the world .
these are the people who shape my view of the world .
these are the people who form my world view .

das heißt , die ameisen wiegen viel mehr als wir .
so ants weigh more than we do .
that means that ants weigh a lot more than we do .
that means the ants weigh much more than we do .

schauen sie , lassen sie mich ihnen eine analogie geben .
here , let me give you an analogy .
look , let me give you an analogy .
look , let me give you an analogy .

sie würden nicht verhungern , und wissen sie was ?
they wouldn &apos;t starve , and you know what ?
you wouldn &apos;t like starvation , and you know what ?
you wouldn &apos;t be hungry , and you know what ?

nicht nur schlecht , sondern des schlechteste aller zeiten .
not just bad , but the worst book ever written .
not only bad , but the worst ever .
not just bad , but the worst of all times .

jede gesellschaft ist geprägt durch ein primärmedium .
each society is characterised by one primary medium .
every society is preferred by a primary medium .
every society is prevented by a primarily medium .

ich möchte über das problem reden und über einige mögliche lösungen .
i want to talk about the problem and some potential solutions .
i want to talk about the problem and about some possible solutions .
i want to talk about the problem and talk about some possible solutions .

wie würden sie ihre beziehungen ändern und die negative energie darin ?
how would you change your relationships and the negative energy in them ?
how would you change your relationships and your negative energy in it ?
how would you change your relationships and the negative energy in it ?

ich werde trotzdem weiter schreiben , denn das ist mein job .
i &apos;m going to keep writing anyway because that &apos;s my job .
i &apos;m going to keep writing , because that &apos;s my job .
i &apos;m going to keep writing , because that &apos;s my job .

und dies war das gehirn und das nervensystem dieser gemeinschaften .
and that was the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
and this was the brain and the nervous system of these communities .
and this was the brain and the nervous system of these communities .

also viel testosteron , aber keine reaktion darauf .
so lots of levels of testosterone , but no reaction to it .
so a lot of testosterone , but no response to it .
so much testosterone , but no response to it .

ok , stellen sie sich das wie extreme selbstmotivierung vor .
ok , think of this as extreme self-motivation .
ok , imagine the way we motivate ourselves .
ok , imagine how extreme self-motivating motivating .

wir mussten uns wegen der anwälte usw. sorgen machen .
we had to worry about the lawyers and so on .
we had to worry about the lawyers and so on .
we had to worry about lawyers of lawyers .

haben sie schon einmal einen klimaneutralen baum gesehen ?
have you ever seen a climate neutral tree ?
have you seen a cliff tree ?
have you ever seen a clicking tree ?

es ist dieser beißende , verkohlte geschmack .
it &apos;s that acrid , tar-like flavor .
it &apos;s this loyalty , coded flavor .
it &apos;s this devastating , vertical taste .

das ist der zeitraum , in dem man sich verliebt .
it &apos;s the time it takes to fall in love with someone .
this is the time dream that you love .
this is the period of time that you fall in .

ich sagte : » wir versuchen , gegen ungerechtigkeit vorzugehen .
i said , &quot; well we &apos;re trying to challenge injustice .
i said , &quot; we &apos;re trying to go against justice .
i said , &quot; we &apos;re trying to go against injustice .

und das von einem ökonom . also ist er logisch .
and he &apos;s an economist . so , he &apos;s rational .
and this is from an economist . so he &apos;s logical .
and this is from a economist . so he &apos;s logical .

das system ist so gesund , es reinigt das wasser .
the system is so healthy , it purifies the water .
the system is so healthy , it cleans the water .
the system is so healthy , it cleans the water .

wir haben das kapital der techno-philanthropen .
we have the capital of the techno-philanthropist .
we have the capital of the techno-philanthropy .
we have the capital of techno-philanthropy .

und je offener ich sprach , desto mehr sollte ich erzählen .
and the more candidly i spoke , the more i was asked to speak .
and the more open i talked about , the more i should tell .
and the more i was talking about , the more i should tell .

wir sehen das dazu , dass phosphor wirklich kritisch ist .
we can see that phosphorus is really critical .
we see that phosphorus is truly critical .
we see that phosphorus is really critical .

das ist jemand der im übrigen sicher 4 aus 10 trifft .
that &apos;s somebody who hit , by the way , four times safely out of every 10 .
this is somebody in the rest of us , certainly , from about four to 10 .
this is somebody in the rest of the rest of four out of 10 .

nun , wo würden sie ihr gehirn auf diesem maßstab positionieren ?
so where would you put your brain on this scale ?
now , where would you light up your brain at this scale ?
now , where would you put your brain on this scale ?

ich meine , das ist nur das was meine logische seite sagt .
i mean , this is just my logical side talking .
i mean , this is just what my logical page says .
i mean , this is just what my logical side says .

also die treibende kraft dahinter ist die cyber- supermacht .
so the leading force behind that is the cyber superpower .
so the driving force behind it is the cyberpower .
so the driving force behind that is the cyber-- superpower .

ich begann zu denken , ich sollte das projekt einfach einstampfen .
and i started to think i should just dump this project .
i started thinking , i should just invite the project .
i started thinking , i should just put the project up .

sie fügen einen blauen an einen grünen , und sie können licht machen .
you put a blue to a green , you can make light .
you add a blue one green one , and you can make light .
they add a blue on a green , and they can make light .

und interessanterweise ist bono auch ein ted prize gewinner .
and interestingly enough , bono is also a ted prize winner .
and interestingly , bono is also a ted prize winner .
and interestingly , bono is also a ted prize prize .

mir wurde das wunder zuteil , an diesem tag nicht zu sterben .
i was given the gift of a miracle , of not dying that day .
i became the miracle of not dying that day .
i became part of the wonder that day not to die .

denn obwohl er nicht sehr groß ist , gibt es eine menge bedenken .
and , although it &apos;s not very large , there are a lot of concerns about that .
because even though it &apos;s not very large , there &apos;s a lot of concern .
because although it &apos;s not very large , there &apos;s a lot of minds .

das ist skandalös und wir sollten uns schämen .
that is disgraceful , and we should be ashamed of ourselves .
this is scandalous , and we should be ashamed .
this is scandalable , and we should be ashamed .

bei vielen werden sie sagen : die sind verrückt ! das ist gut .
and a lot of them , you &apos;ll look at and say , &quot; they &apos;re crazy . &quot; that &apos;s good .
in many , you &apos;ll say , they &apos;re crazy ! that &apos;s good .
in many of you , you &apos;re going to say , they &apos;re crazy ! that &apos;s good .

i hätte es nicht besser machen können . ich habe mich nicht niedergelassen .
i couldn &apos;t have done better . i didn &apos;t settle .
i couldn &apos;t do it better . i didn &apos;t let myself down .
i couldn &apos;t do it better . i didn &apos;t leave myself .

ich wuchs mit einer gehörigen portion science fiction auf .
i grew up on a steady diet of science fiction .
i grew up with a cave science fiction .
i grew up with a higher portion of science fiction .

die moderne industrielle welt wie wir sie kennen ist kaum 300 jahre alt .
the modern industrial world as we know it is barely 300 years old .
the modern industrial world as we know it is barely 300 years old .
the modern industrial world as we know it is hardly 300 years old .

also machte ich mich vor ein paar jahren daran , genau das zu tun .
so a few years ago , i set off to do just that .
so i did a couple of years ago , just to do that .
so i did a few years ago to do that .

mancher meiner klöpse passierten in den letzten fünf jahren .
some of my doozies have been in the last five years .
some of my cloned used to be passive in the last five years .
some of my smarter passions in the last five years .

er sagte , &quot; bezos , sie müssen in das haus gehen .
he said , &quot; bezos , i need you to go into the house .
he said , &quot; prayer , you have to go to the house .
he said , &quot; bezos , you have to go to the house .

sie sagte : » das wird sie sehr , sehr müde machen . «
she said , &quot; that &apos;s going to make you tired , tired , tired . &quot;
she said , &quot; that &apos;s going to be very , very tired . &quot;
she said , &quot; that &apos;s going to be very , very tired . &quot;

wir haben littlebits an kinder verteilt und sie damit spielen sehen .
we &apos;ve been giving littlebits to kids and seeing them play with them .
we have littly distributed kids , and they play with it .
we &apos;ve distributed lifelong children , and they &apos;re going to play with it .

tauschen sie doch einfach den bau von wohnungen gegen den von städten aus .
but just substitute apartment building for cities .
just swap the apartments of apartments against the cities .
they just dive the apartments of apartments against the cities .

und das firmiert dann unter den schlagworten open <unk> und citizen science .
and this trades under the names open knowledge and citizen science .
and then the head-tailed into the words and the citizen science .
and that then , under the headquarters , the open open source and science .

&quot; wir verlieren 20 prozent von unserem fisch und fischeiern an die vögel .
&quot; we lose 20 percent of our fish and fish eggs to birds .
&quot; we lose 20 percent of our fish and fish on the birds .
&quot; we lose 20 percent of our fish and fish on the birds .

und wer weiterforscht sieht , dass ist dies besonders bei männern zutrifft .
and if you drill into that , it &apos;s especially the case for men .
and who else does research see this is particularly true in men .
and who &apos;s looking at research is that this is particularly true in men .

in der zwischenzeit bereitete ich mich auf einen vortrag bei tedglobal vor .
meanwhile , i was getting ready to give a talk at tedglobal .
in the meantime , i was on a talk at tedglobal .
in the meantime , i was looking at a talk at tedglobal .

quantenmechanik sagt also , dass unbewegliche objekte sich genauso fühlen .
so quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects feel the same way .
so quantum mechanics says that there is no insecure objects are just the same .
so quantum mechanics says that impossible objects feel as well .

wenn wir von dort zurückgehen , wie sollte das 2020 zeugnis aussehen ?
so , backing up from there , what should the 2020 report card look like ?
if we go back from there , what should the 20s look like ?
if we go back there , what should the 2020 look like ?

wir haben daher beschlossen , tony – tempt – und seine sache zu unterstützen .
and so we decided that we were going to sponsor tony , tempt , and his cause .
so we decided to support tony -- tony -- and to support his thing .
so we decided to support tony -- slow -- and support his thing .

die antwort ist : bis wir nahe null kommen , wird die temperatur weiter steigen .
and the answer is that until we get near to zero , the temperature will continue to rise .
the answer is : until we get close , the temperature will continue .
the answer is , until we get close to zero , the temperature will go down .

jeder amerikaner etwa 20 tonnen . menschen aus armen ländern , weniger als eine .
for each american , it &apos;s about 20 tons ; for people in poor countries , it &apos;s less than one ton .
every americans are about 20 tons . people from poor countries , less than one .
every american americans are about 20 tons . people from poor countries , less than one .

übereinandergelagert oben auf dem erdräumlichen bild der nasa .
superimposed on top of a nasa geospatial image .
aggregated on top of the erupting picture of nasa .
it turns out , on the top of nasa , nasa &apos;s image .

und dann fügte er hinzu , &quot; wir sind im grunde eine eigene welt .
and then he added , &quot; we &apos;re basically a world unto ourselves .
and then he added to , &quot; we &apos;re basically a world .
and then he put it up , &quot; we &apos;re basically a world of their own .

tempt war einer der führenden graffitikünstler der 80er jahre .
tempt was one of the foremost graffiti artists in the 80s .
tempt was one of the leading graffitian artist in the &apos; 80s .
tempt was one of the leading graffitian artists of the &apos; 80s .

es gibt nur eine und das sind die vereinigten staaten -- zum glück , zum glück .
there is only one , and that &apos;s the united states -- fortunately , fortunately .
there &apos;s only one and that &apos;s the united states -- happiness , happiness .
there &apos;s only one , and these are the united states -- to happiness , to happiness .

aber für die afroamerikaner in diesem land war es eine zeit des terrors .
but for african americans in this country , that was an era defined by terror .
but for the african-americans in this country , it was a time of terror .
but for the afroamerican in this country , it was a time of terror .

er fragte mich , was die einleitung dieser ballade für mich sei .
he asked me what the preamble to this ballad was in my opinion .
he asked me what the balance of this ballad was for me .
he asked me what this balancing would be for me .

er war noch ein kleinkind und nicht sehr gut darin und er fiel ständig hin .
he was just a toddler and he wasn &apos;t very good at it , and he kept falling over .
he was another little kid , and he wasn &apos;t very good at it , and he fell all the time .
he was a little kid , and he wasn &apos;t very good at it , and he was constantly going on .

und wenn wir dies für rohdaten machen können warum nicht auch für inhalte selbst ?
and if we can do this for raw data , why not do it for content as well ?
and if we can do this for raw data , why not for content itself ?
and if we can do this for raw data , why can &apos;t we think of content ?

und eine neue stadt schließt auch neue möglichkeiten für führungskräfte mit ein .
and it also involved new choices for leaders .
and a new town also includes new opportunities for leaders .
and a new city also includes new opportunities for leaders .

also brauchten wir theorien über diese ziele , die wir belegen oder widerlegen konnten .
so we do need target theories that we can prove or disprove .
so we needed theories about these goals that we could resist or resist .
so we needed theories about these goals that we could make or resistance .

sie haben kürzlich mais zu ethanol gesehen was einfach ein schlechtes experiment ist .
you &apos;ve seen recently , corn to ethanol is just a bad experiment .
you &apos;ve seen ethanol recently , which is just a bad experiment .
they &apos;ve seen mais to ethanol , which is just a bad experiment .

es ist eine geschichte mit offenem ende und er kann entscheiden , wie sie sich entwickelt .
it &apos;s an open-ended story , and he gets to decide how it unfolds .
it &apos;s a story with open end , and it can decide how to evolve .
it &apos;s a story with openness and he can decide how she evolves .

und wenn wir wissen erfahren , dann können wir vielleicht sogar weisheiten daraus ziehen .
and if we get the knowledge , then maybe even there &apos;s wisdom to be found .
and if we know , maybe we can actually pull wisdom from it .
and if we know knowledge , maybe we can even pull away from it .

nur für ungefähr 12 prozent ihrer entscheidungen benötigten sie eine stunde oder mehr ihrer zeit .
only about 12 percent of the decisions did they make an hour or more of their time .
only for about 12 percent of their decisions needed an hour or more of their time .
only for about 12 percent of their decisions , they needed an hour or more of their time .

also es war eine neugier und ich wollte irgendwie näher ran an die materie , so .
so it was curiosity and i somehow wanted to get closer to the material , that was it .
so it was a curiosity , and i kind of wanted to get closer to the matter .
so it was a curiosity , and i wanted to sort of closer to the matter , like that .

und dann , am nächsten tag würde man spielen . und am nächsten tag würde man essen .
and then on the next day , they would play games ; and on the next day , they would eat .
and then , the next day , you would play , and the next day you would eat .
and then , the next day you would play . and the next day you would eat .

ich sagte : &quot; wie viel prozent eures futters ist hühnchen ? &quot; ,
i said , &quot; what percentage of your feed is chicken ? &quot;
i said , &quot; how much percent ease is chicken ? &quot;
i said , &quot; how much anger is chicken ? &quot;

die sagen , wer keine seele hat , der ist tot und kann gar nichts behaupten .
so you sense it already .
they say who doesn &apos;t have soul who is dead and can &apos;t even say anything .
they say who doesn &apos;t have a soul , who &apos;s dead and can &apos;t claim anything .

was ist die machete ? in welchem puppenstadium befinden sie sich derzeit ?
what is the machete ? what pupa stage are you in now ?
what is the machete ? what is the puppeteer staying right now ?
what is the machef ? what puppets are you right now ?

und wenn sie denken , dass sie in etwas nicht gut aussehen , haben sie wahrscheinlich auch recht .
and if you don &apos;t think you look good in something , you &apos;re also probably right .
and if you think you &apos;re not going to look good at something , you &apos;ve probably been right .
and if you think that you don &apos;t look good at something , you probably have right .

es gibt eine vielzahl von möglichkeiten dabei magie , die welt und technologie miteinander zu verbinden .
in the possibilities of linking together magic , the earth and technology , there are multiple possibilities .
there &apos;s a variety of possibilities about magic , and technology to connect with each other .
there &apos;s a lot of ways of using magic to connect the world and technology to each other .

dann , natürlich , gibt es das ganze co2 von diesem material das in der atmosphäre landet .
then of course , there &apos;s all that co2 from this material that ends up in the atmosphere .
then , of course , there &apos;s all the carbon from this material that goes into the atmosphere .
then , of course , there &apos;s all the co2 from this material that goes into the atmosphere .

und ich gab ihm eine verschreibung für penicillin und schickte ihn fort .
and i gave him a prescription for penicillin and sent him on his way .
and i gave him a version of penicillin and sent him away .
and i gave him a forecast for penicillin and sent him to him .

wenn wir wollen , dass diese institution für uns arbeitet , müssen wir bürokratie sexy machen .
if we want this institution to work for us , we &apos;re going to have to make bureaucracy sexy .
if we want these institution to work for us , we need to make office sexy .
if we want this institution to us , we have to do office sexy .

ihre eigenen fotos werden mit metadaten beschildert , die eine andere person eingegeben hat .
their own photos are getting tagged with meta-data that somebody else entered .
their own photographs are replaced with metadata , which has a different person .
their own photos will be accomplished with metadata that has a different person .

wenn du das machst , kannst du ihm einen namen geben , und er nannte den ersten al .
if you do , you get to name it , and he called the first one al .
if you do that , you can give him a name , and he called the first al .
if you do that , you can give him a name , and he called the first al .

denn wenn der wein soweit ist und die person ist da , dann öffne ich ihn .
because if the wine is ready and the person is there , i &apos;m opening it .
because if the wine is a far , and the person is there , then i open it .
because if the wine is far , and the person is there , then i open it .

und bitte verwenden sie nicht das deutsche wort für vorhersager , das heißt prophet .
and don &apos;t use the german word for predictors , which would be prophet .
and please don &apos;t use the german word for predictably , which means prophet prophet .
and please don &apos;t use the german word for predicting , which is called prophet .

und über einen zeitraum von eineinhalb bis zwei stunden , fing sie an sich besser zu fühlen .
and over the course of the next hour and a half or two , she started to feel better .
and over a period of one and a half to two hours , she started to feel better .
and over a period of a year and a half to two hours , they started to feel better .

was heißt es für ein objekt zur gleichen zeit zu vibrieren und nicht zu vibrieren ?
what does it mean for one thing to be both vibrating and not vibrating at the same time ?
what does it mean for an object at the same time to vibrate and not vibrate ?
what does it mean to a object at the same time to vibrate and not to vibrate ?

also würde er beispielsweise genau so gut funktionieren -- in einem kraftwerk oder in einer automobilfabrik .
so it would work as well , for example , in a power plant or in an automobile factory .
so for example , he would work just as well -- in a power plant or in a automobile factory .
so , for example , he would work so well -- in a power plant , or in a automobile factory .

denken sie darüber nach , dass eine gruppe von studenten heute das leben von milliarden von menschen beeinflussen kann .
think about that , the fact that , literally , a group of students can touch the lives of a billion people today .
think about how a group of students today can influence life from billions of people .
think about that a group of students today can affect life from billions of people .

dieser supercomputer heißt &quot; globales aussterbungs- sensibilisierungs-system &quot; , natürlich .
this supercomputer was called the global extinction awareness system , of course .
this supercomputer is called &quot; global mortality rates -- sensitivity system , of course .
this supercomputer is called &quot; global mortality -- sensitivity system , &quot; of course .

frauen , wie männer , haben in unseren körper etwas , dass man adrenalindrüsen nennt .
females , like males , have in our bodies something called the adrenal glands .
women , like men , have something called adrenalinity in our bodies .
women , like men , have something called adrenaline .

müssen wir notfallmaßnahmen einleiten , um zu versuchen , die erdtemperatur stabil zu halten ?
do we have to start taking emergency measures to try and keep the temperature of the earth stable ?
do we need to introduce emergency measures to try to keep the temperature of the earth &apos;s stable ?
do we have to take emergency measures to try and keep the temperature stable ?

nun , bei effektivität , dem e , die energie pro dienst , gibt es endlich gute nachrichten .
now , efficiency , e , the energy for each service , here finally we have some good news .
well , with efficiency , the energy , the energy per service , there &apos;s finally good news .
well , in effects , the e , the energy per service , there &apos;s finally good news .

das sind matthew anderson , tariq al-daour und so weiter und so fort .
this is matthew anderson , tariq al-daour and so on and so on .
these are matthew anderson , tarithmetic and so on and so forth .
these are matthew anderson , tariq daq and so on and so forth .

und im nächsten jahrzehnt haben wir eine weitere milliarde spieler , die außergewöhnlich gut in was auch immer sind .
and in the next decade we &apos;re going to have another billion gamers who are extraordinarily good at whatever that is .
and in the next decade , we have another billion players who are extraordinary in whatever .
and in the next decade , we have another billion players who are extraordinary in whatever .

es wird dieses kleine blutdruck-messgerät geben , das man an ein iphone oder so anschließt .
there will be this little blood pressure meter connected to an iphone or something or other .
there &apos;s going to be a little printing measurement device that you put on an iphone or something like that .
there will be this little blood measurements that you include on an iphone or something like this .

sie müssen nach oben gehen , an dem feuer vorbei , und müssen dieser frau ein paar schuhe holen . &quot;
i need you to go upstairs , past the fire , and i need you to get this woman a pair of shoes . &quot;
you &apos;ve got to go up , to the fire , and you &apos;ve got to get a pair of shoes . &quot;
you &apos;ve got to go up to the fire , and you &apos;ve got to get this woman to get some shoes . &quot;

ich verbringe den großteil meiner zeit mit menschen in untersuchungshaft , gefängnissen oder todeszellen .
i spend most of my time in jails , in prisons , on death row .
i spend most of my time talking to people in studies of perpetual , prison cells .
i spend most of my time with people in study , prisoners or death cells .

in den letzten 50 jahren haben wir die meere gefischt wie wir wälder kahl geschlagen haben .
for the past 50 years , we &apos;ve been fishing the seas like we clear-cut forests .
in the last 50 years we &apos;ve fished the ocean fishermen &apos;s fisheries .
in the last 50 years , we &apos;ve fished the ocean as we &apos;ve beaten forests .

nein , sie haben das gebäude nicht zerstört , es ist nur so , dass die architektur beinahe verschwindet .
no , they didn &apos;t demolish it , just when it goes down , the architecture almost disappears .
no , they didn &apos;t destroy the building , it &apos;s just that architecture almost disappears .
no , they didn &apos;t destroy the building , it &apos;s just so much that architecture is almost disappearing .

man kann einfach nicht genug betonen , wie entscheidend dieser faktor für die lebensqualität eines menschen sein kann .
no prognosis can account for how powerful this could be as a determinant in the quality of someone &apos;s life .
you can &apos;t just emphasize enough how critical this factor can be for people &apos;s quality of life .
you can &apos;t just emphasize enough to be critical for the quality of a human being .

oder sind wir bestimmt etwas anderes zu werden - etwas , das vielleicht sogar besser an die umwelt angepasst ist ?
or , are we destined to become something different -- something , perhaps , even better adapted to the environment ?
or are we going to be able to do something else -- something that might even be adapted to the environment ?
or are we going to be able to be something else -- something that might even be adapted to the environment ?

am neuten tag liesen sie sie gehen -- frau drucker , eine frau , eine mutter und großmutter .
and at about the nine day mark , they let her go -- mrs. drucker , a wife , a mother and a grandmother .
on the new day they came out -- woman , a woman , a woman , a mother and grandmother .
on the new day , they were going to go -- printer , a woman , a mother , a mother and grandmother .

das ist eine ganze reihe an dingen , mit denen man sich neben dem eigentlichen dasein als gestalter beschäftigt .
that &apos;s a whole series of things you &apos;re concerned with besides your existence as a designer .
this is a whole series of things that you think of as being an old age of age .
this is a whole series of things that you &apos;re going to do next to the ownership as an old age .

nichts wandert in meinen ärmel oder kommt heraus , keine trickserei . und sie können alles untersuchen .
nothing goes up or down my sleeve , no trickery . and you can examine everything .
nothing walks in my sleeve or comes out , no trickles . and you can study everything .
nothing goes out in my doctor or comes out , no trickle . and you can study everything .

ich verehrte meine mutter , also sagte ich : » ja , oma , das werde ich tun . «
well i adored my mom , so i said , &quot; yes , mama . i &apos;ll do that . &quot;
so i admired my mother , so i said , &quot; yeah , grandmother , i &apos;m going to do that . &quot;
i admit my mother , so i said , &quot; yes , oma , i &apos;m going to do that . &quot;

folglich braucht man für den lernprozess der musik musiksprache mindestens genauso lang wie für die gesprochene sprache .
so you need at least as much time to learn a music musical language as you do for a spoken language .
so if you want to follow for the learning process of music , at least as long as the spoken word language .
so , you need to learn for the learning process of music language at least as long as the spoken language .

was sollen wir mit der tatsache anfangen , dass wir uns von ihnen lediglich durch wenige nukleotide unterscheiden ?
what are we to make of the fact that we differ from them only really by a few nucleotides ?
what should we do with the fact that we &apos;re only distinguished by a few nucleotides ?
what are we going to start with the fact that we &apos;re only different from you by a few nucleus ?

und es geht darum , mit auf eine spielerische , kreative , originelle art , ein problem zu lösen .
and it deals with problem-solving in a playful , creative , original way .
and it &apos;s about solving a playful , creative , original type of problem .
and it &apos;s about making a playful , creative , original , original way to solve a problem .

also was können 3 milliarden wachsende , gesunde , gebildete , produktive mitglieder der menschengemeinde uns bringen ?
so what could three billion rising , healthy , educated , productive members of humanity bring to us ?
so what can make three billion growing , healthy , educated , productive members of the human community ?
so what can three billion growing growing , healthy , productive members of human community bring us ?

sie lügen , sie schummeln , sie sind verwirrt und produzieren wirklich dürftige gebilde .
they lie , they cheat , they get distracted and they produce really lame structures .
they lie , they cheat , they &apos;re confused , they &apos;re confused and they really make drones .
they lie , they hook , they &apos;re confused , they &apos;re really drunk .

und es schien etwas vorzuhaben , mit diesen grauen boxen , diesen echtzeit- kontrollsystemen .
and it seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these real-time control systems .
and it seemed to have something with these grueling boxes , this real-time control systems .
and it seemed to be precise , with these grass boxels , this real time -- control systems .

zurück zu meinem eigentlichen thema natural user interface und dem thema , was natürlich auch dahinterliegt , ist usability .
going back to my actual topic natural user interface and the topic that &apos;s behind that is usability of course .
back to my real topic of interface and the topic of course , which is also of course behind , is usiconic .
back to my real issue of the user interface and the subject , of course , is backward .

und ich wurde von einem puzzlestück zum nächsten katapultiert , und die ränder passten nicht zusammen .
and i was catapulted from one piece of the jigsaw to another , and their edges didn &apos;t fit .
and i was taken by a puzzle of puzzles to the next catapults , and the lowest one didn &apos;t fit together .
and i was appointed by a puzzle to the next cat , and the constraints of the passence .

ich bekomme all meine kleider aus zweiter hand auf flohmärkten und in second-hand-shops .
i get all my clothes secondhand from flea markets and thrift stores .
i get all my clothes coming out of two-way hand , and i get in a hand-to-hand pentry .
i get all my clothes out of the second hand on hd markets , and i &apos;m in negotiators .

nun , das bringt ihnen keinen doktortitel in harvard , aber es ist viel interessanter als stamina zu zählen .
now , that &apos;s not going to get you a ph.d. at harvard , but it &apos;s a lot more interesting than counting stamens .
now , this doesn &apos;t make any ph.d. in harvard , but it &apos;s much more interesting than counting triina .
now , this doesn &apos;t bring you a ph.d. at harvard , but it &apos;s much more interesting to count than trickina .

also versorgen westliche regierungen totalitäre regierungen mit hilfsmitteln , damit die gegen ihre eigenen bürger vorgehen können .
so western governments are providing totalitarian governments with tools to do this against their own citizens .
so western governments worry about utilitarian governments with aid to prepare for their own citizens .
so western governments are concerned with aid governments to help their own citizens to their own citizens .

selbst ich hatte arbeiten oder ideen , die aus einer quelle durch mich hindurchkamen , die ich wirklich nicht identifizieren kann .
you know , even i have had work or ideas come through me from a source that i honestly cannot identify .
even i had work or ideas that came out of a source that i can &apos;t really identify .
even i was working or ideas that came out of a source of me through , which i can &apos;t really identify .

die herrscher der alten welt hatten kein konzept basierend auf der dna , aber sie hatten ein konzept des geburtsrechts .
the monarchs of the old world didn &apos;t have a concept of dna , but they did have a concept of birthright .
the old world didn &apos;t have a concept based on dna , but they had a concept of birth on the right .
the old world had no concept based on dna , but they had a concept of birth right .

und sicher , hätten wir diese diese hydranten die ganze zeit freischaufeln können , und viele menschen tun das .
and certainly , we could have been shoveling out those fire hydrants all along , and many people do .
and sure , we could have released this hydrant hydrant all the time , and many people do that .
and sure , we could release these hydrates all the time , and many people do that .

ich denke , genau wie sie spielen wir manchmal allein , und wir loten grenzen unserer inneren und äußeren welten aus .
i think , like her , we sometimes play alone , and we explore the boundaries of our inner and our outer worlds .
i think that exactly how they play us sometimes , and we refer to our inner boundaries and outs from space .
i think exactly how they &apos;re playing alone , and we &apos;re playing boundaries of our inner and outer worlds .

ich weiß , dass sie rassisiten waren , ich weiß , dass sie sexisten waren , aber sie waren großartig .
i know they were racists , i know they were sexist , but they were great .
i know they were ractors , i know they were sexist , but they were great .
i know that they were rapid , i know they were sighted , but they were great .

und dieses spiel verbindet die virtuelle welt , also die daten den datenraum , den wir produzieren , mit der realen welt .
and this game connects the virtual world , so the data the data space that we produce , with the real world .
and this interplay connects the virtual world , so the data of the data room that we produce , with the real world .
and this game connects the virtual world , so the data of data that we produce , with the real world .

nun versuchen wir zu fragen , ob wir leben regenerieren können oder ob wir neues leben erstellen können , aus diesem digitalen universum ?
now we &apos;re trying to ask , &quot; can we regenerate life or can we create new life out of this digital universe ? &quot;
now let &apos;s try to question whether we can regenerate life , or can we live new life , from this digital universe ?
now , we &apos;re trying to ask whether we can regenerate life or whether we can make new life , from this digital universe ?

diginotar ist ein vollmachtszertifikat aus den niederlanden – bzw. war es das .
diginotar is a certificate authority from the netherlands -- or actually , it was .
fotinar is a full corn certificate from the netherlands -- bforced . it was .
belinotle is a complete certificate from the netherlands -- forced . it was .

jede generation betrachtet die bilder , die sie zu beginn ihres bewussten lebens aufnehmen , als standard und wird alles davon ableiten .
every generation will use the images that they got at the beginning of their conscious lives as a standard and will extrapolate forward .
every generation looks at the pictures they &apos;re taking at the beginning of their conscious lives , as a standard , and everything is going to lead to it .
every generation looks at the images that they take at the beginning of their conscious life as a standard , and it &apos;s going to lead everything from it .

wenn sie aber mehrere von diesen wechselrichtern zusammenschalten wollen und die sollen ein netz aufbauen , dann wird das äußerst kompliziert .
but if you want to hook up several of these power inverters and they are supposed to construct a network , it becomes highly complicated .
but if you want to assemble many of these changes together , and they want to build a network , it &apos;s going to be extremely complicated .
but if you want to put several of these interactions together and build the web , then it &apos;s going to be very complicated .

und so ziemlich die einzige option -- wenn es um einen hirnschlag geht , oder um andere komplikationen -- ist der rollstuhl .
and the only option , pretty much -- when it &apos;s stroke or other complications -- is the wheelchair .
and pretty much the only option -- if it &apos;s a brain stroke , or for other complications -- is the wheelchair .
and so , pretty much the only option -- if it &apos;s about a brain suggestion , or about other complicated complications -- the wheelchair is the wheelchair .

aber nur jene , die immer noch in der schule waren – abgesehen von den schülern , die die schule geschmissen hatten .
those who were still around in school , besides the people who had dropped out .
but only those who were still in high school -- except the students who had failed at school .
but just those who were still in school -- apart from the students who had missed school .

wenn wir uns nicht damit befassen , mit diesen schwierigen themen , dann sind die positiven und wunderbaren dingen ebenfalls betroffen .
that when we actually don &apos;t care about these difficult things , the positive and wonderful things are nonetheless implicated .
if we &apos;re not dealing with these difficult topics , then the positive and wonderful things are also affected .
if we don &apos;t touch with these difficult themes , then the positive and wonderful things are also affected .

nun , ich weiß nicht , wie sie spielen , aber ich möchte ihnen einige einzigartige aufnahmen geradewegs aus der wildnis zeigen .
now , i don &apos;t know how you play , but i want to show you a couple of unique clips fresh from the wild .
now , i don &apos;t know how they play , but i want to show you some unique footage from the wilderness .
well , i don &apos;t know how they play , but i want to show you some unique records on the wild .

nach einer vierjährigen und filmreifen saga glitt ein boot still auf die see , als fischerboot getarnt .
so after a four-year saga that defies fiction , a boat slipped out to sea disguised as a fishing vessel .
after a four-year-olds and film creators , a boat still removed to the lake , as a fishing boat .
after a four-year-olds and film ice sheep , a silly on the lake as a fishing boat .

wir haben also diese dauerhaften anatomischen kategorien die in vielerlei hinsicht problematisch und fragwürdig sind .
so we have these anatomical categories that persist that are in many ways problematic and questionable .
so we have these permanently anatomical categories that are in many ways problematic and fragmented .
so we have this permanent anatomic categories that are embedded in many ways and fragmented .

es ist spannend , denn dann passieren dinge , die wir so nicht geprobt haben und was man auch so nicht proben kann .
it &apos;s exciting , because things happen that we didn &apos;t practice and we aren &apos;t able to practice .
it &apos;s exciting , because then things happen , that we didn &apos;t have so much , and what you can &apos;t get as samples .
it &apos;s exciting , because then things that we don &apos;t have so proved and what you can &apos;t sample .

am allerwichtigsten aber ist , dass es zwischen der wahrnehmung unserer unzulänglichkeiten und unserem großartigen erfindergeist , eine verbindung gibt .
and , most importantly , there &apos;s a partnership between those perceived deficiencies and our greatest creative ability .
but the most important thing is that , between the perception of our unfortunate and our great inventor , there is a connection .
but most importantly , it &apos;s between the perception of our unrural and our great inventor minds , there &apos;s a connection .

und die fetzen gebrochenen englischs wurden zwischen menschen ausgetauscht , die eine sache gemeinsam hatten : sie fingen neu an .
and the snippets of halting english were exchanged between people who had one thing in common , they were starting again .
and the feathers were broken by english by people who had a thing in common : they started new .
and the features of english were eradicated between people who had a thing together : they started new .

abschließend , lesen sie bitte diesen cartoon , und , eine hochentwickelte person , sagt , &quot; ah ! was weiß dieser fisch ?
so to conclude . you &apos;re supposed to read this cartoon , and , being a sophisticated person , say , &quot; ah ! what does this fish know ?
finally , please read this cartoon , and a high person , says , &quot; ah ! what does this fish know ?
finally , read this cartoon , and a high-tech person said , &quot; ah ! what does this fish know ?

sie haben gelernt , das rezept der zelle als informationen zu speichern . und zwar in einer bestimmten chemischen form , welche wir dna nennen .
they learned to record the information that was the recipe of the cell onto a particular kind of chemical called dna .
they learned to store the recipe of the cell as an information , and in a certain chemical form that we call dna .
they &apos;ve learned to store the recipe of the cell as a information , which is in a certain chemical form that we call dna .

auf irgend eine art , welche wir noch nicht ganz verstehen , haben diese tröpfchen die fähigkeit erlernt , informationen niederzuschreiben .
somehow by ways that we don &apos;t quite understand , these little drops learned to write down information .
in a way that we don &apos;t yet understand , these drops have learned the ability to write information .
in fact , in a way that we don &apos;t really understand yet , have learned the ability to write information .

und selbst diejenigen , die nicht tatsächlich suizid begingen , schienen von ihren talenten wirklich vernachlässigt worden zu sein .
and even the ones who didn &apos;t literally commit suicide seem to be really undone by their gifts , you know .
and even those who didn &apos;t actually have suicidal gifts , shipped by their talents to be really neglected .
and even those who are not actually suicide , sent from their talents to be really reliable .

laut arthur clarke &apos; s gesetz sind bekanntlich fortgeschrittliche technologie und zauberei nicht mehr voneinander zu unterscheiden .
you know , it &apos;s arthur clarke &apos;s law that any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic .
according to arthur clarke &apos;s law , they &apos;re known as advanced technology and magic technology are no longer different from each other .
according to arthur clarke &apos;s law , unknown technology and magic is not different from each other .

die antwort ist : sie erwarten von uns den doktor am nächsten morgen anzurufen und um eine änderung der verschreibung zu bitten .
the answer is that they expect us to call our doctors the next morning and ask for our prescriptions to be changed .
the answer is , let &apos;s look at the doctor at the next morning , and to ask for a change in the scream .
the answer is , they expect us from the doc to the next morning , and to ask a change of recommendation .

insgesamt , wenn wir optimistisch sind , bekommen wir vielleicht eine reduzierung um einen faktor 3 oder vielleicht sogar um einen faktor 6 .
and so , overall here , if we &apos;re optimistic , we may get a reduction of a factor of three to even , perhaps , a factor of six .
in total , if we &apos;re optimistic , we may get a reducing factor by three or maybe even a factor of six .
in total , if we &apos;re optimistic , maybe we &apos;re going to reduce a factor of three or maybe even a factor of six .

also ich glaube , wir aus der biohackerszene sind in der hinsicht sogar schon einen schritt weiter als die die akademische welt .
so i think we from the biohacker scene have , in that sense , gone a step further than the the academic world .
so i think we &apos;re from biohazard scenes in terms of step one more than the active world .
so i think we &apos;re from the biohazard scenes , in fact , one step further than the academic world .

sie wuchs zu einer zeit auf , in der konfuzianismus die soziale norm und der lokale mandarin die wichtigste person war .
she grew up at a time when confucianism was the social norm and the local mandarin was the person who mattered .
she grew up at a time when confucials were the social norm and local mandarin was the most important person .
she grew up at a time where confuism was the social norm and the local mandarin was the most important person .

man liest in den briefen , tagebüchern , notizen , oder ob es worte , gedanken vom komponisten selbst gibt .
you read letters , diaries , notes , whether any words or thoughts were expressed by the composer themselves .
you read in the letters of letters , pockets , notes , notes , or whether or words are there , thoughts of composers itself .
you read lit in the letters , tags , notists , or whether there are words , thoughts of composers themselves .

das benutzt jeder von uns und osit ist ein akronym und steht für orientieren , selektieren , informieren , transagieren .
we all use it , and osit is an acronym that stands for orient , select , inform , transact .
that uses each one of us and ooh is an acronym and is for greater use , selective , informed , transforming transaction .
it uses each of us and obesides an acronym , and there &apos;s an accuracy , selection , reform .

das hinzufügen von möglichkeiten in das leben der menschen erhöht zwangsläufig die erwartungen die menschen haben darüber wie gut diese möglichkeiten sein werden .
adding options to people &apos;s lives can &apos;t help but increase the expectations people have about how good those options will be .
add the possibility of the lives of people in the lives of people who are going to have expectations about how well these possibilities are going to be .
that adds to opportunities in the lives of people who have expectations of expectations that people have been going to be good about how these opportunities are going to be .

ich sammelte ein kleines team von leuten um mich , für die die schublade &quot; geht nicht &quot; eine unwiderstehliche herausforderung darstellte .
i gathered around me a small team of people for whom the label &quot; it can &apos;t be done &quot; was an irresistible challenge .
i collected a small team of people who are not going to be a disruptive challenge .
i collected a little team of people around me , for the blades , &quot; not a unresistant challenge .

und eines der dinge , die ich wirklich interessant fand , ist der unterschied zwischen männern und frauen in hinsicht darauf , wie sie denken und in der welt agieren .
and one of the things that i &apos;ve been really interested in is looking at the differences between males and females in terms of the way they think and operate in the world .
and one of the things that i found really interesting is that the difference between men and women in terms of how they think and in the world .
and one of the things that i found really interesting is the difference between men and women in how they think and thinking in the world .

als nächstes kam die erfolgreiche bürgerrechtsbewegung , wo wir menschen sahen wie so<unk> ner <unk> , die darüber spach , &quot; bin ich keine frau ? &quot;
next came the successful civil rights movement , where we found people like sojourner truth talking about , &quot; ain &apos;t i a woman ? &quot;
next was the successful civil rights movement , where we saw people like kosoner who were talking about it , &quot; am i not a woman ? &quot;
next was the successful civil rights movement where we saw people like soner , the spheres , &quot; am i not a woman ? &quot;

aber denken sie dabei nicht an die lüge , wie sie sie vielleicht gehört haben , wenn menschen sagen , niemand hat die absicht eine mauer zu errichten .
but don &apos;t think of a lie you might have heard when people say , nobody has any intention of building a wall .
but don &apos;t think of the lie as you may have heard , when people say no , no one has any intention of creating a wall .
but don &apos;t think about the lie as you may have heard when people say , nobody has the purpose to build a wall .

und wenn ihr das für verrückt hält , solltet ihr wissen , dass es davon eine dreistundenversion gibt , die vier millionen mal angeschaut wurde .
and if you think that that is weird , you should know that there is a three-hour version of this that &apos;s been viewed four million times .
and if you think it &apos;s crazy , you know that there &apos;s a three-hour version of this , which has been looked at four million times .
and if you hold that up for crazy , you know that there &apos;s a three-hour version of this that &apos;s been looked at four million times .

bis heute haben alle world of warcraft-spieler zusammen 5,93 millionen jahre damit verbracht , die virtuellen probleme von azeroth zu lösen .
so , so far , collectively all the world of warcraft gamers have spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of azeroth .
up until today , all the world warfare players have been sitting together in 59.3 million years to solve the virtual problems of cereal .
until today , all the world &apos;s world trade players have spent 5.93 million years trying to solve the virtual problems of apartment .

in den plänen , die fast 60 fonds anboten , fiel die teilnahmerate jetzt auf ungefähr den sechzigsten prozentanteil .
in those plans that offered nearly 60 funds , participation rates have now dropped to about the 60th percentile .
in the places that were almost 60 fonds , the seamlessly available now on the sixth persistence of them .
in the places that fell almost 60 fonds of floods that have happened to be about the sixth percent .

dann wurden ihre gehirnwellen gemessen , und je nachdem , was sie gedacht haben oder wie sie gedacht haben , ist sind dann verschiedene lichter im raum angegangen .
their brain waves were then measured , and depending on what they thought about or how they thought , different lights in the roomwent switched on .
then your brain waves were measured , and depending on what they thought or how they thought , then they &apos;re different lights of light in the room .
and then their brain waves were measured , and depending on what they thought or how they thought they were , then different lights in the room .

anstatt , dass man programmieren , verdrahten oder löten muss , erlaubt littlebits ihnen mit einfachen , intuitiven gesten zu programmieren .
instead of having to program , to wire , to solder , littlebits allow you to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
instead of code , you have to code , dramatically eradicate or tribes , you have to program with simple intuitive gestures .
instead of making programming , you have to solve dramatically , or you have to be able to program litted with you , simple , intuitive .

dann sagte sie : » als nächstes versprich mir , dass du immer das richtige tun wirst . « auch wenn es schwer fällt , das richtige zu tun . «
then she said , &quot; the second thing i want you to promise me is that you &apos;ll always do the right thing even when the right thing is the hard thing . &quot;
then she said , &quot; when i jumped next , i always do the right thing . &quot; even if it &apos;s hard to do the right thing . &quot;
and then she said , &quot; next to me , you &apos;re always going to do the right thing , &quot; if it &apos;s hard to do the right thing . &quot;

anpassungsfähige technologien haben es mir seitdem ermöglich , zu lernen , wieder ski zu fahren , zu klettern und sogar mit den händen rad zu fahren .
adaptive technology has since enabled me to learn how to downhill ski again , to rock climb and even handcycle .
adaptive technologies have made it possible for me to learn how to drive again , climbing , climbing , and drive the wheel with the hands .
adapting technologies have been able to learn to go back to ski , to climb , to climb and even drive the hands .

wenn ich sie zum abendessen einlade und sage , ja , es gibt eine tablette mit offenbach-geschmack und ein glas wasser dazu .
if i invite you over for dinner and i say : yes , we &apos;re having a pill with offenbach taste and a glass of water to go with it .
if i invite you to dinner and say yes , there &apos;s a tablet with bach-flavor and a glass of water .
if i invite you to the dinner and say , yes , there &apos;s a tablet with open baches and a glass of water .

weil zu diesem zeitpunkt ein individuum – lernen passierte nun innerhalb der zeitspanne der lebensdauer eines einzelnen organismus , anstatt über diese evolutionäre zeitspanne .
because at that point , an individual -- learning could happen within the time span of a single organism , instead of over this evolutionary time span .
because at that time , an individual -- well , within the period of time , the period of life is a single organism , rather than about that evolutionary time .
because at that point , one individual at the time -- learning was now going on within the period of a single organism of a single organism , rather than this evolutionary period .

ich erinnere mich , ich muss acht oder neun gewesen sein , dass ich eines morgens aufwachte und ins wohnzimmer ging . alle meine cousins liefen herum .
and i remember , when i was about eight or nine years old , waking up one morning , going into the living room , and all of my cousins were running around .
i remember , i must have been eight or nine , i woke up one morning , and i went to the room , and i went to my cousins .
i remember , i &apos;ve got to be eight or nine or nine that i went to the living room and went to the living room , all my cousins around .

der prozess ernährt sich von sich selbst und wird somit , ich glaube , auto-katalytisch ist das wort dafür – wenn etwas seine änderungsgeschwindigkeit verstärkt .
the process is feeding on itself and becoming , i guess , autocatalytic is the word for it -- when something reinforces its rate of change .
the process is feeding by itself and becomes , so i think , auto-auto-catalytic , that &apos;s the word -- if something amplifies its change speed .
the process is feeding from itself and so i think , auto-catastrophic is the word for it -- if something changes its change .

er beginnt also , diese alte beklemmung in ihm aufsteigen , wie z.b. <unk> ich werde dieses ding verlieren und werde von diesem song auf ewig verfolgt werden .
so he starts to feel all of that old anxiety start to rise in him like , &quot; i &apos;m going to lose this thing , and then i &apos;m going to be haunted by this song forever .
so , he starts to climb this old climb up into him , like i &apos;m going to lose this thing , and he &apos;s going to be followed by this song .
so he starts to climb this old climb into him , like i &apos;m going to lose this thing and will be followed by this song on eternal .

und er zeichnete wieder zum ersten mal , im beisein seiner familie und freunde – und man kann sich nur vorstellen , was für ein gefühl das auf dem parkplatz war .
and he drew again for the first time , in front of his family and friends -- and you can only imagine what the feeling in the parking lot was .
and he drew back to the first time in his family and friends -- and you can only imagine what a feeling was in the parking lot .
and he recorded for the first time in his family and friends -- and you can only imagine what a feeling was on the parking place .

es ist wirklich ein leichter weg für bakterien , mit gelegentlichen unterbrechungen der unbeabsichtigten , jeodch gezwungen stoß zum ausgang .
it &apos;s really like an easy street for bacteria , with the occasional interruption of the unintended forced rush to the exit .
it &apos;s really a lightweight way for bacteria , with yellow disruptive frames of unintended , jeweled jewelry .
it &apos;s really a lighter way for bacteria , with occasionally fragile interruptions of unintended , jeodor forced defects .

natürlich ist das problem , dass , sowie wir beginnen all die gemeinsamkeiten zu betrachten , wir beginnen müssen in frage zu stellen , warum wir bestimmte trennungen aufrechterhalten .
the problem is , of course , that , as we begin to look at all that commonality , we have to begin to question why we maintain certain divisions .
of course , the problem is that , as well as we start to look at all the common samples , we need to begin to question in question , why do we stop certain kinds of disputes .
of course , the problem is that , as we begin to look at all the common commons , we have to begin to ask ourselves in question , why we have certain separations .

sie nivellierten das spielfeld und entschieden , dass anatomisch gesehen , die gemeinsamkeiten zählten , nicht die unterschiede . und das war sehr radikal .
they leveled that playing field and decided the anatomy that mattered was the commonality of anatomy , not the difference in anatomy , and that was a really radical thing to do .
they found nivellized the field , and decided that anatomically , the common entrance , didn &apos;t tell the differences , and that was very radical .
they were niveling the playfield and decided that anatomically , the common county counts , not the differences , and that was very radical .

also entschied ich mich eines tages den filialleiter zu besuchen , und ich fragte den leiter , &quot; funktioniert dieses modell , dass sie den menschen all diese möglichkeiten bieten wirklich ? &quot;
so i one day decided to pay a visit to the manager , and i asked the manager , &quot; is this model of offering people all this choice really working ? &quot;
so i decided one day to visit the liquitters , and i asked the head , &quot; this model works , that you actually offer all these possibilities to be true ? &quot;
so i decided to visit a day of the filian eggs , and i asked the head , &quot; this model works that you really offer the people to offer all these possibilities ? &quot;

und dabei geschah etwas interessantes . was mich nämlich an jacques cousteaus sendungen faszinierte , war der gedanke an eine uns völlig unbekannte welt hier auf unserer erde selbst .
and an interesting thing happened : the jacques cousteau shows actually got me very excited about the fact that there was an alien world right here on earth .
and there was something interesting about this , which i found myself in jacques cousteau , was the idea of a completely unknown world of our earth itself .
and something interesting happened to me , which was a little bit more interesting about jacques coupled from brinids , which was the idea of a completely unknown world here in our earth .

als ich ein abschlussstudent an der stanford universität war , ging ich zu diesem sehr sehr exklusiven lebensmittelladen ; zumindest damals war er wirklich exklusiv .
so when i was a graduate student at stanford university , i used to go to this very , very upscale grocery store ; at least at that time it was truly upscale .
at stanford when i was a graduate student at stanford university , i went to this very exclusively exposure to life expectancy at least , at least he was really exclusive .
when i was a graduate student at stanford university at stanford , i went to this very exclusive substance , at least at the time , he was really exclusive .

das mussten wir damals alle . wenn wir als kinder ein buch lasen , nahmen wir die beschreibung des autors und projizierten sie auf die leinwand in unseren köpfen .
you know , we all did , as kids having to read a book , and through the author &apos;s description , put something on the movie screen in our heads .
we had to do that at the time . if we were a children &apos;s book , we took the description of the eye and projected them on the canvas in our minds .
we all had to do that at the time , when we took kids a book , we took the description of the auction and we injected them on the wall in our heads .

viele journalisten riefen mich mit der frage an : &quot; welchen test werden sie machen , der uns verrät , ob caster semenya weiblich oder männlich ist ? &quot;
i had a lot of journalists calling me , asking me , &quot; which is the test they &apos;re going to run that will tell us whether or not caster semenya is male or female ? &quot;
a lot of journalists called me with the question , &quot; what are you going to do , who tells us if caster sidelines or male or male ? &quot;
a lot of journalists called me , &quot; what are you going to do , the test you &apos;re going to do , whether caster sester is a female or male ? &quot;

es wurde in der zelle exprimiert und erkannte das andere chromosom als fremdes material verdaute es und so hatten wir am ende nur eine zelle mit einem neuen chromosom .
it got expressed and it recognized the other chromosome as foreign material , chewed it up , and so we ended up just with a cell with the new chromosome .
it was exposed to the cell , and it recognized the other chromosome as a stranger of the material , and so at the end , we just had a cell with a new chromosome .
it was exposed in the cell , and it recognized the other chromosome of the material as a stranger material , and so we just had one cell in the end with a new chromosome .

natürlich ist die chance bei zufällig gewählten instruktionen sehr klein , dass sie per zufall eben nummern sortieren , also werden wohl keine der instruktionen tatsächlich dies machen .
so of course , random sequences of instructions are very unlikely to sort numbers , so none of them will really do it .
of course , the chance for election restructions is very small that , of course , you know , numerous numbers of animals , so that &apos;s probably not one of the instructions that actually do this .
of course , the chance of election is very small , very small , that they &apos;re going to be able to have any nucleus , so probably not one of the structions are actually doing this .

aber für über zwei wochen haben wir programmiert , wir gingen zum strandpromenade in venice , meine kinder wurden einbezogen , mein hund auch und wir schufen das hier .
but for over two weeks , we programmed , we went to the venice boardwalk , my kids got involved , my dog got involved , and we created this .
but for over two weeks , we &apos;ve been programming , we went to the street prostitution , my kids were brought in , my dog , and we created this .
but for about two weeks , we programmed , we went to the global prostitution in venice , my children were raised , my dog , and we created this .

nun , ganz kurz , ein anderer grund , aus dem wir nicht klar über glück nachdenken können ist , dass wir nicht auf die selben dinge achten wenn wir über das leben nachdenken und wenn wir tatsächlich leben .
now , very quickly , another reason we cannot think straight about happiness is that we do not attend to the same things when we think about life , and we actually live .
now , very briefly , another reason we can &apos;t be thinking about happiness is that we don &apos;t pay attention to the same thing when we think about life and when we actually live .
well , very short , a different reason that we can &apos;t think about happiness is that we don &apos;t look at the same thing when we think about life and when we actually live .

im moment bauen wir mais an und verlieren zwischen elf und dreißig kilogramm dreißig tonnen pro hektar , oder auf den quadratmeter auch umzurechnen .
at the moment we &apos;re growing corn and losing between eleven and thirty kilograms thirty tonnes per hectare , if you were to calculate it per square metre .
at the moment , we are building mais and losing between elf and three kilogram of tanks of triangle per hectar , or on the square meters of rats .
at the moment , we build mais and lose between elevan and three-kilograms of three-kilograms per cat , or on the square meters .

erstens , wir haben den versicherungen die türen eingerannt , und haben tatsächlich für tempt einen apparat bekommen , mit dem er kommunizieren kann – eine stephen hawking-maschine .
one , we battered down the doors of the insurance companies , and we actually got tempt a machine that let him communicate -- a stephen hawking machine .
first of all , we &apos;ve got the insurance ensurance ensures , and we &apos;ve actually got a device that can communicate -- a stephen hawking machine .
first of all , we &apos;ve given the insurance to the doors , and actually got a pure device to communicate with which he can communicate -- a stephen hawkie machine .

trinkwasser , urbares land , regenwälder , öl , gas : sie verschwinden , und zwar bald , und falls wir uns nicht aus diesem chaos heraus-innovieren verschwinden wir auch .
potable water , arable land , rainforests , oil , gas : they &apos;re going away , and they &apos;re going away soon , and unless we innovate our way out of this mess , we &apos;re going away too .
drinking water , urable land , rainforests , oil , gas , gas : they disappear , soon enough , and if we don &apos;t get out of that chaos of chaos , we also get rid of .
drinking water , uranium , rainforests , rainforests , gas , gas : disappear , and if we don &apos;t get out of this chaos , we &apos;re also getting out of chaos .

wenn wir also weiter über solche dinge nachdenken , dann wäre die offensichtliche antwort der leute : &quot; ok , das klingt schlecht , aber es betrifft mich ja nicht , weil ich ein braver bürger bin .
now when we think deeper about things like these , the obvious response from people should be that , &quot; okay , that sounds bad , but that doesn &apos;t really affect me because i &apos;m a legal citizen .
so if we keep thinking about things like this , then the obvious answer to people is , &quot; ok , that sounds bad , but it doesn &apos;t sound me because i &apos;m a brown citizen .
so if we continue to think about things like this , the obvious answer of people would say , &quot; ok , that sounds bad , but it doesn &apos;t matter because i &apos;m a braver .

dieses puder zu schnupfen ist ungefähr so wie aus einem gewehrlauf beschossen zu werden , gesäumt von barocken gemälden und der landung auf einem meer von elektrizität .
to have that powder blown up your nose is rather like being shot out of a rifle barrel lined with baroque paintings and landing on a sea of electricity .
this powder is sort of like being described for a gun to be rejected by baroque paintings and the landing on a sea of electricity .
so this pump is about as much as you can get rid of a bullet , by bars of barose paintings and the land on a sea of electricity .

tastemaker , kreative teilnehmergemeinden , völlig unerwartetes , sind die merkmale einer neuen art von medien und kultur , zu der jeder zugang hat und in der das publikum popularität bestimmt .
tastemakers , creative participating communities , complete unexpectedness , these are characteristics of a new kind of media and a new kind of culture where anyone has access and the audience defines the popularity .
taclimbing , creative communities , completely unexpected , are the characteristics of a new kind of media and culture that has access to everybody who has access to the popular audience .
stetasteful , creative communities , completely unexpected , are the features of a new kind of media and culture that everybody has access to access and in the audience .

und dort sagte eine anderen krankenschwester , nicht der schwester die nach frau drucker gesehen hatte , sondern einer anderen drei worte zu mir und diese drei worte fürchten die meisten notfallärzte , die ich kenne .
and it was there that another nurse , not the nurse who was looking after mrs. drucker before , but another nurse , said three words to me that are the three words that most emergency physicians i know dread .
and there was one other nurse , who had not seen the sister for a woman , but to me three other words , and those three words fear the most emergency room i know .
and there was another nurse who had seen the sister after printer , but one of the other three words to me and these three words tend to become the most emergency doctors i know .

in diesem fall haben wir drei siftables als farbtöpfe konfiguriert und ich kann sie nutzen , um farbe in den in der mitte zu gießen , wo sie dann vermischt werden .
so in this case , we &apos;ve got three siftables configured to be paint buckets and i can use them to pour color into that central one , where they get mixed .
in this case , we &apos;ve replaced three sights as a color configuracy , and i can use them to put color in the middle of the wheel where they &apos;re then mixed .
in this case , we have three encounters as a color of color , and i can use it to put color in the middle of the middle , where they &apos;re mixed .

das ist es , wie die zukunft möglicherweise aussehen könnte mit änderungen , kann heute der evolutionsbaum beschleunigt werden mit synthetischen bakterien , archaen , und eventuell eukaryonten .
here &apos;s what the future may begin to look like with changing , now , the evolutionary tree , speeding up evolution with synthetic bacteria , archaea and , eventually , eukaryotes .
that &apos;s what the future might look like with changes , can now accelerate the evolutionary tree with synthetic bacteria , archaeas , and perhaps eukaryont .
this is what the future might be able to look like with change , today the evolutionary tree can be accelerated with synthetic bacteria , archaarchaean , and maybe oiled karyonic karyonic .

also zum beispiel , hat texas an einem punkt entschieden , dass , einen mann zu heiraten bedeutet , dass man kein y chromosom hat , und eine frau zu heiraten bedeutet , dass man ein y chromosom hat .
so for example , texas has at one point decided that what it means to marry a man is to mean that you don &apos;t have a y chromosome , and what it means to marry a woman means you do have a y chromosome .
so for example , texas , at a point , decided that a man is too hot , that you have no chromosome , no chromosome , and a woman has a cure , that you have a chromosome .
so , for example , texas decided that , in a point , a man means to marry , that you don &apos;t have a chromosome , and a woman means that you have a chromosome .

ich werde ihnen einige dinge aus meinem buch erzählen die , wie ich hoffe , im einklang mit anderen dingen sind die sie bereits gehört haben . und ich werde versuchen selbst ein paar verbindungen zu erstellen , falls ihnen diese nicht aufgefallen sind .
i &apos;m going to talk to you about some stuff that &apos;s in this book of mine that i hope will resonate with other things you &apos;ve already heard , and i &apos;ll try to make some connections myself , in case you miss them .
i &apos;m going to tell you a couple of things from my book that i hope are in advance with other things that you &apos;ve heard about , and i &apos;m going to try to create a couple of connections , if you haven &apos;t noticed this one .
i &apos;m going to tell you some of the things i &apos;m going to tell you about how i hope in the sound with other things you &apos;ve already heard . and i &apos;m going to try to create a few connections if you &apos;re not dropped up .

md : diese welt ? ich denke , die eigene welt ist die welt , in der man lebt -- wie menschen um einen herum , die freunde , die familie , die art , wie man sein leben lebt , die arbeit und so .
this world ? i think your world is the world that you live in -- like people who are around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the job you do .
md : this world ? i think your own world is the world you live in -- how people live around one , the friends , the family , the way you live your life , the work and so on .
md : this world ? i think the world is the world where you live in -- like people around you , the friends , the family , the way you live , the way you live and so on .

ich gebe zu , ich war nicht sonderlich interessiert , als mir ein freund sagte , ich solle mir dieses großartige video ansehen , über einen kerl , der in new york gegen strafzettel für fahrräder protestiert .
when a friend of mine told me that i needed to see this great video about a guy protesting bicycle fines in new york city , i admit i wasn &apos;t very interested .
i admit , i wasn &apos;t quite interested when a friend told me , i looked at this great video , about a guy who was going to penetrate on new york for protecting bike bicycles .
i &apos;m not interested in being special when a friend said to me , i &apos;m going to look at this great video on a guy who was in new york tubes for bike .

beziehungsweise , was man normalerweise unter einem labor versteht , das sind so irgendwie abgefahrene maschinen , extrem teuer , extrem distanziert , nur für fachpersonal , ausgebildete akademiker mit doktortitel und so weiter .
or what you would normally understand to be a laboratory , so some cool machines , extremely expensive ones , extremely distant ones , for professional staff , trained academics with a doctor &apos;s degree etc. only .
in a way , what you normally understand under a laboratory , which is kind of like driving machines , extremely expensive , extremely expensive , constant , only for professionals , trained academics with phs and so on .
so , in fact , what you usually understand under a laboratory , which are kind of biased machines , extremely expensive machines , extremely expensive , extremely expensive , just for personalities , academics with ph.d. and so on .

ich denke , es gibt eine bestimmte bedeutung , auf die wir es beschränken könnten , aber im großen und ganzen ist das etwas , das wir aufgeben werden müssen , und wir werden die komplizierte sichtweise annehmen müssen darauf , was wohlbefinden ist .
i think there is one particular meaning to which we might restrict it , but by and large , this is something that we &apos;ll have to give up and we &apos;ll have to adopt the more complicated view of what well-being is .
i think there &apos;s a certain meaning that we could limitate it , but in the big , and that is something that we need to be assumed , and we will have to adopt the complicated perspective of what is well-being .
i think there &apos;s a certain significance that we could limited it , but in the large and all of this , we need to be able to give up , and we &apos;re going to have to take the complicated view of what wealth is .

die eine ist seadragon und die andere ist eine sehr gute forschung über computervision , die von noah sna<unk> , einem universitätsstudenten der universität washington , unter der beratung von steve seitz an der uw
one of them is seadragon and the other is some very beautiful computer vision research done by noah snavely , a graduate student at the university of washington , co-advised by steve seitz at u.w .
one is seadarragon , and the other one is a very good research on computer vision , which is from noah lettering , a university student at washington , who , under the advisor of steve soaks .
the one is seadragon , and the other is a very good research on computer vision , which is by noah , a university of college students at washington university of washington university , under the seatty of steve silk .

es gibt im leben widrigkeiten und herausforderungen , und die sind nur alllzu real und jede person geht damit anders um . aber die frage lautet nicht , ob wir mit widrigkeiten klar kommen oder nicht , sondern wie wir damit klar kommen .
there is adversity and challenge in life , and it &apos;s all very real and relative to every single person , but the question isn &apos;t whether or not you &apos;re going to meet adversity , but how you &apos;re going to meet it .
there &apos;s life skills and challenges , and challenges that are just all-real , and each person is doing it differently . but the question is not whether we deal with violin skills or not , but how do we deal with it .
there &apos;s a life in life and challenges and challenges that are only real , and each person is about it , but the question doesn &apos;t matter whether we &apos;re going to be able to be able to deal with drill , but not how we get there .

sie warfen glänzende fotos von sich aus der luft herab , was wir als freundliche geste bewerten würden . dabei vergaßen sie , dass diese menschen aus dem regenwald in ihrem leben noch niemals etwas zweidimensionales gesehen hatten .
they dropped from the air 8 x 10 glossy photographs of themselves in what we would say to be friendly gestures , forgetting that these people of the rainforest had never seen anything two-dimensional in their lives .
they threw glacier photographs from the air out of the air , which we would use as a friendly officer , and what they were doing is that these people in their rainforest had never seen anything like that in their lives .
they were able to look at photos from the air from the air , which we would be the most friendly reviewed , and they realized that these people from the rainforest were never seen in their lives .

das heißt , ich habe sie jetzt eigentlich dahingehend verdorben , dass sie nicht mehr kein muster dadrin erkennen , sondern ich habe sie konditioniert innerhalb kürzester zeit , immer wieder diesen hund in diesem verworrenen bild zu sehen .
that means i &apos;ve corrupted you to the effect that you no longer see patterns in it , and i &apos;ve conditioned you , within a very short time , to keep seeing this dog in this obscure image .
that means i &apos;ve actually got them right now , in fact , that they don &apos;t recognize any pattern in the middle of it , but i &apos;ve been able to see them in a shorter space , over time , over and over again in this dog &apos;s image .
that means that i actually put them down , in fact , that they don &apos;t recognize any pattern in the field , but i &apos;ve been able to look at them in a few times , and over again , this dog in this picture .

wenn wir in einer spielwelt sind , glaube ich , dass viele von uns sich in unsere beste version verwandeln , jederzeit und sofort hilfsbereit sind , hartnäckig das problem zu lösen versuchen , so lange wie nötig , es nach dem fehlschlag erneut probieren .
and when we &apos;re in game worlds i believe that many of us become the best version of ourselves , the most likely to help at a moment &apos;s notice , the most likely to stick with a problem as long at it takes , to get up after failure and try again .
if we &apos;re in a playful world , i think a lot of us are going to turn into our best version , and at any moment when we &apos;re willing to try to solve hard problems , just as long as it takes for the recovery to try .
if we &apos;re in a game world , i think a lot of us turn into our best version , right now , and they &apos;re ready to be willing to solve hard to solve the hard problem , trying to try and try and try to restore it again .

nun , sich zu entscheiden kein glas marmelade zu kaufen ist wahrscheinlich gut für uns -- zumindest ist es gut für unsere taille -- aber es stellt sich heraus , dass das entscheidungsüberlastungsproblem uns auch bei sehr konsequenzreichen entscheidungen beeinflusst .
now choosing not to buy a jar of jam is probably good for us -- at least it &apos;s good for our waistlines -- but it turns out that this choice overload problem affects us even in very consequential decisions .
now , to decide not to buy glass signs is probably good for us -- at least it &apos;s good for our silence -- but it turns out that the decision-making problem is also affecting us in very consequence .
now , to decide , not a glass collection to buy is probably good for us -- at least it &apos;s good for our silence -- but it turns out that the decision-making process is also affecting us in very consistent decisions .

wenn ein darsteller in spanien etwas unmögliches , etwas magisches getan hat : <unk> allah , olé , olé , allah , großartig , bravo <unk> unfassbar , da ist es : ein flüchtiger blick auf gott .
in spain , when a performer has done something impossible and magic , &quot; allah , ole , ole , allah , magnificent , bravo , &quot; incomprehensible , there it is -- a glimpse of god .
if a performance in spain has something unpossible , something magic has done : allah , lah , olh , allah , lah , great , bragvo out there , it &apos;s a whispering thing : a whisper of god .
if a representation in spain did something called magic , something like magical : allah , allah , olina , allah , allah , great , great brown , it &apos;s unstable , because it &apos;s a wings on god .

dann kamen die nächsten , die jetzt schon mit &apos; nem neuronalen modell oder mentalen modell wie die software eergonomen sagen , gearbeitet haben , nämlich man hätte eine vorstellung von etwas , die metapher , die metapher eines desktop , um den computer nutzbar zu machen .
then came the next ones , which already worked with a neural model or mental model , as software ergonomists say , because you &apos;d have a conception of something , a metaphor , a metaphor of a desktop , to make the computer usable .
then the next one that &apos;s already working with nm neural model , or mental model like the software force , which is , you have an idea of something that is to make the metaphor of a desktop to make the computer usable .
and then the next thing that &apos;s now with nem neural model or mental model like the software model , they &apos;ve been working on , because you &apos;ve had an idea of something that would have a metaphor that &apos;s the metaphor of a disaster to make the computer .

das war das problem : transparenz -- frei von täuschung und tücke , einfach zu entdecken und durchschauen ; sofort verständlich ; charakterisiert von sichtbarkeit und dem zugang zu informationen , besonders , was geschäftspraktiken angeht -- die letzte zeile ist sicherlich das größte problem .
this is was the problem : transparency -- free from pretense or deceit ; easily detected or seen through ; readily understood ; characterized by visibility or accessibility of information , especially concerning business practices -- that last line being probably the biggest problem .
that was the problem : transparency -- of disappointment and just discovering and looking at it ; instantly looking at it ; emphasized information and access to information , especially on what business means -- the last one is certainly the biggest problem .
this was the problem : transparency -- free deception of deception and skull , just to go through and see it immediately ; unintended by character and access to information and information , especially what &apos;s going on -- the last issue is certainly the biggest problem .

der tedtalk stellte also in sehr einfacher form dar , dass eine charter city ein ort ist , dessen anfang unbewohntes land ist , ein gründungsvertrag , der die gesetze festlegt , die dort herrschen und den menschen die möglichkeit bietet sich zu entscheiden , entweder unter diesen regeln zu leben oder nicht .
so the tedtalk laid out in very simple terms , a charter city is a place where you start with uninhabited land , a charter that specifies the rules that will apply there and then a chance for people to opt in , to go live under those rules or not .
so , the tedtalk in very simple form is that a charter city is a place where there is uninhabited land , a green comment that puts the laws that are there , and people are offering to choose to decide whether to live under those rules or not to live .
so the tedtalk in a very simple form that a charter city is a place where it &apos;s initially unaviated country , a founded place that makes the laws of laws that are there and the people who choose to decide to either live under this rules or not .

dass man als übersetzer nicht bloß wort für wort den text in eine andere sprache überträgt , sondern auch den tieferen sinn der wörter und wortzusammenhang verstehen muss , damit es eine sinnvolle übersetzung ergibt , weiß jeder , der es mit fremdsprachen zu tun hat .
everybody who has anything to do with foreign languages knows that a translator can &apos;t just simply render a text in another language word for word , but must also understand the deeper meaning of the words and the context in which they appear , so that a meaningful translation can occur .
you know , as a translator , not just word for the text in one language , but you also have to understand the deeper meaning of the words and the serendipity , so that you have to have a meaningful consensus , everyone who has to do with strangers .
it &apos;s not just a word for the word of text in a different language , but it has to understand the deeper sense of words and the words of the words and so that there &apos;s a meaningful translation that everybody knows to do with strangers .

und vielleicht auch ein kleiner ausblick auf das , was vielleicht in einigen jahrzehnten passieren könnte , wenn man cyborg-körper hat , um etwas zu erforschen oder andere dinge zu tun , in allen möglichen post-humanen zukunftszenarios , die ich mir als science-fiction-fan vorstellen kann .
and it may be a little bit of a glimpse as to what might be happening some decades out as we start to have cyborg bodies for exploration or for other means in many sort of post-human futures that i can imagine , as a science fiction fan .
and maybe a little bit of a looking at what might happen in a few decades , if you have cyborg bodies to study something or explore other things , in all kinds of human-to-human federal fits that i can imagine as a science fiction .
and maybe a small look at what might happen in a few decades , if you have cyborg body to explore something or other things , in all kinds of human-to-humanitarian scenarios that i can imagine as a science fan .

und unser ziel war eben , wir wollten auf siebzig bis neunzig prozent erneuerbare kommen und dann bleibt hier noch dieser rest , der letzte rest , die letzten zehn , zwanzig prozent erneuerbare mit , das wird wird sehr , sehr teuer und das wird auch nicht funktionieren , dass man das aus batterien macht .
and our aim was , we wanted to reach seventy to ninety percent renewable energies and then this remainder is still here , the last remainder , the last ten , twenty percent renewable energies with , that will will be very , very expensive and generating this from batteries won &apos;t work either .
and our goal was , we just wanted to go on seventh annihilarious percent , and then there &apos;s this rest here , the last 10 , 10 , 20 percent renewable , which is going to be very expensive , very expensive , and it &apos;s not going to work out of batteries .
and our goal was , we wanted to come to seven-and-a-half percent renewable , and then again , this rest of the rest , the rest , the last decade , the last 10 , 20 percent renewable renewable , will become very , very expensive , and that &apos;s not going to work out of batteries .

sehen sie diese erstaunlichen demonstrationen : voodoo-akolythen in einem trancezustand , die glühende kohle ohne verbrennung anfassend , eine erstaunliche veranschaulichung der fähigkeit des geistes den körper so zu beeinflussen , dass dieser es aushält , wenn er in einen zustand der extremen erregung versetzt wird .
so you see these astonishing demonstrations : voodoo acolytes in a state of trance handling burning embers with impunity , a rather astonishing demonstration of the ability of the mind to affect the body that bears it when catalyzed in the state of extreme excitation .
look at this amazing demonstration demonstrates : voodoo zeroths in a treshesive , the lightweight coal cap without a comprehension , an amazing demonstration of the mind of the mind to affect the body , so that it can affect that if it &apos;s replaced in an extreme state of enlightenment .
look at these amazing demonstrations : voodoo state in a local state , the light bulbs without burning , an amazing approach of the ability to influence the spirit of the body so that if it &apos;s replaced in the state of extreme state .

nun , das problem- das problem ist , dass selbst diejenigen unter uns , die sympathie für die schwierige lage der eingeborenen haben , sie als orginiell und farbenfroh ansehen , sie jedoch irgendwie auf die vergangenheit beschränken , während die reale welt , d.h. unsere welt , fortschreitet .
now -- -- the problem -- the problem is that even those of us sympathetic with the plight of indigenous people view them as quaint and colorful but somehow reduced to the margins of history as the real world , meaning our world , moves on .
now , the problem , the problem with the problem , is that even those of us who have the sympathy for the inherited constraints of ints , if you look at the orange and colorful and colorful , you look at them , but somehow on the past , while the real world is regarding to us , our explorations , our world .
now , the problem , the problem -- the problem is that even those of us who have the sympathy for the difficult state of the injury , they look at as orgly and colorful , but they kind of look at the past , in the past , the world , the world , our world , is continuing .

wissen sie ? ich denke , einer bloßen person zu erlauben , dass er denkt , er oder sie sei wie das gefäß , wie das becken und die essenz und die quelle allen göttlichen , kreativen , unbekanntem , unendlichen mysteriums ist ein klein bisschen zu viel verantwortung , um sie einer fragilen , menschlichen psyche aufzubürden .
you know , i think that allowing somebody , one mere person to believe that he or she is like , the vessel , you know , like the font and the essence and the source of all divine , creative , unknowable , eternal mystery is just a smidge too much responsibility to put on one fragile , human psyche .
do you know ? i think you know ? i think one person will allow a person to think that he thinks he or was like the vessels , such as the essence and the source and the source of all divine , creative , unknown , unknown , unknown mysterious , is a little bit of responsibility , to assist a little bit of a bit of a human inquiry , human citizens .
you know , you know ? i think , i think , a blown of a person to allow him to think he thinks he or he &apos;s like the vessel , like the essence and the essence and the source and the source of all the source , creative , unknown , unknown , mysterious mysterious mysterious responsibility is a little bit too small , to give them a little bit of a human citizenship .

normalerweise besteht meine rolle darin , den leuten zu erklären wie wundervoll die neuen technologien , welche am aufkommen sind , sein werden . und ich dachte mir , da ich hier unter freunden bin , würde ich euch erzählen was ich wirklich denke . und auch versuchen zurück zu schauen und zu verstehen was hier wirklich vor sich geht , mit diesen unglaublichen sprüngen nach vorne , welche so rasch geschehen , dass wir kaum mithalten können .
because i usually take the role of trying to explain to people how wonderful the new technologies that are coming along are going to be , and i thought that , since i was among friends here , i would tell you what i really think and try to look back and try to understand what is really going on here with these amazing jumps in technology that seem so fast that we can barely keep on top of it .
i usually feel my role in explaining the people to explain how wonderful the new technologies are coming to be on the front , and i thought , because i &apos;m here under my friends here , i would tell you what i really think , and try to understand and understand what &apos;s really going on here , with these incredible flaws , which are going to be on the front of us , which is that we can barely come the tuna dity that we can &apos;t help .
usually my role is to explain the people like wonderful new technologies that come up with . and i thought i &apos;m here at my friends , and i &apos;m really going to tell you what i &apos;m going to do . and i &apos;m really trying to see what i &apos;m trying to understand and see what &apos;s really going on here , and what &apos;s going on with this incredible jumping , which is that we can break down .

als informatiker - inspiriert von der art unserer interaktion mit realen objekten - zusammen mit meinem fachberater patti und meinem kollegen jeevan kalanithi , begann ich mich zu wundern : was wäre , wenn wir computer nutzen würden , die anstelle eines maus-zeigers , der sich wie eine digitale fingerspitze auf einer flachen arbeitsfläche bewegt ... ... was wäre , wenn wir mit beiden händen eingreifen könnten und daten physisch ergreifen und sie so anordnen könnten , wie wir es wollen ?
so , as a computer scientist inspired by this utility of our interactions with physical objects -- along with my adviser pattie , and my collaborator jeevan kalanithi -- i started to wonder -- what if when we used a computer , instead of having this one mouse cursor that was a like a digital fingertip moving around a flat desktop , what if we could reach in with both hands and grasp information physically , arranging it the way we wanted ?
so , as a computer inspired by the kind of interaction with objects -- inspired by the kind of interaction with objects -- with my patrti and my colleagues -- and my colleagues evaluated at calthi , i started to wonder what if we were able to use computers , instead of a mouse cursor that would be a fingertip of a fingertip of a fingertip on the top of a field , if we could understand both of them ... and we could tap them physically and do them , how could we do it ?
so , as a computer scientist , inspired by the kind of interaction of our interaction with representations -- with my berti and my fellow team of evangel , i started to wonder , what would we use to do when we use a computer , instead of using a time-to-face , how would we be able to move on the surface -- if we could be able to reach together with both these kinds of data , and we could attack like this , and how could we want to attack it ?

