ja ?
you see ?
yeah ?
yes ?

ja .
yes .
yeah .
yes .

fantastisch .
awesome .
fantastic .
fantastic .

das geht .
it &apos;s possible .
that goes .
that &apos;s what goes .

das ist nicht ...
this is not ...
that &apos;s not ...
this is not ...

da passiert überhaupt nichts .
nothing will happen .
there &apos;s nothing going on at all .
there &apos;s nothing happening at all .

oh mein gott !
oh , my god !
oh my god !
oh my god !

die haben ähnliche prinzipien .
they have similar principles .
they have similar principles .
they have similar principles .

ich weiß es nicht .
i don &apos;t know .
i don &apos;t know .
i don &apos;t know .

sie schlemmen . &quot;
they &apos;re feasting . &quot;
they &apos;re bad . &quot;
they &apos;re bad . &quot;

und der muss zurück .
and it must go back .
and that has to come back .
and the one has to go back .

es gibt zwei möglichkeiten :
one of two things is going to happen .
there are two possibilities .
there are two possibilities .

die leute spielten verrückt .
people were going crazy .
people were playing crazy .
people played crazy .

und dann wurde es international .
and then it went international .
and then it became international .
and then it became international .

das gilt nicht für emotionen .
that does not hold for emotions .
this is not true for emotions .
that &apos;s not true for emotions .

krise . tod . katastrophe .
crisis . death . disaster .
crisis . death . disaster .
crisis . disaster . disaster .

ich finde das faszinierend .
i mean , it &apos;s fascinating .
i think that &apos;s fascinating .
i think that &apos;s fascinating .

was ist die seele ?
the soul is something mental , leibniz said .
what is the soul ?
what is the soul ?

nun , ich war der nächste .
well , i was next .
well , i was the next one .
well , i was the next one .

und das ist noch gar nichts .
and that &apos;s nothing .
and that &apos;s not yet anything .
and that &apos;s nothing yet .

okay , es gibt ein paar .
okay , there &apos;s some .
okay , there &apos;s a few .
okay , there &apos;s some .

sie kommen von den künstlern .
it really comes from these artists .
they come from the artists .
they come from the artists .

nehmen sie nichts als gegeben hin .
don &apos;t take anything for granted .
don &apos;t take anything like that .
don &apos;t take anything .

das geht einfach technologisch nicht .
because technologically it &apos;s just not possible .
that &apos;s just not technological .
it &apos;s just not technologically technological .

sie können mit verschiedenen arten spielen .
you can play with a different type .
they can play with different kinds of play .
you can play with different kinds of games .

einmal fingen wir eine lebend .
and one time we caught a live one .
once we started a vital .
once we started a viral .

dunkler urin . dunkel .
dark urine . dark .
it &apos;s dark . dark .
dark . dark . dark .

alle erwachsenen waren sich der risiken bewusst .
all the adults knew the risks .
all adults were aware of the risks .
all the adults were aware of the risks .

musik ist medizin . musik verändert uns .
music is medicine . music changes us .
music is medicine . music changes us .
music is medicine . music changes us .

das ist ja gerade das minimum .
that &apos;s just about the minimum .
this is just the minimum .
this is just the minimum .

dies gab ihnen einen evolutionären vorteil .
and that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
this gave them an evolutionary advantage .
this gave them an evolutionary advantage .

das war mehr zur betonung .
that was more for emphasis .
that was more for emphasizing .
that was more concrete .

was werdet ihr damit tun ? &quot;
what are you going to do with it ? &quot;
what do you do with it ? &quot;
what do you want to do with it ? &quot;

wie bekomme ich sie entfernt ? &quot;
how do i get this removed ? &quot;
how do i get them away ? &quot;
how do i get them away ? &quot;

wir sprechen nicht gerne über unsere geschichte .
we don &apos;t like to talk about our history .
we don &apos;t like to talk about our story .
we don &apos;t like to talk about our story .

er starb , gebrochen durch die geschichte .
he died broken by history .
he died , broken through the story .
he died , broken through history .

und genau das ist , was sie machen .
that is exactly what you are doing .
and that &apos;s what they &apos;re doing .
and that &apos;s what they do .

ich glaubte , jeder könne das .
i felt like anyone could do that .
i believed everyone could do that .
i thought everybody could do that .

das wird im nächsten april stattfinden .
that will take place next april .
this is going to take place in the next april .
this is going to be happening in the next april .

und dieses bild wurde von atlas aufgenommen .
and this picture was taken by atlas .
and this picture was recorded by atlas .
and this picture was taken by atlas .

sie können logisch und intuitiv sein .
you can be logical and intuitive .
they can be logical and intuitive .
you can be logically and intuitive .

danke , danny kahneman .
thank you , danny kahneman .
thank you , danny kahneman .
thank you , danny kaneman .

vielleicht tat ich es mit gutem grund .
maybe i did it for a good reason .
maybe i did it with good reason .
maybe i did it with guilty .

viele meiner mandanten sind sehr jung .
a lot of my clients are very young .
many of my mandarin are very young .
many of my mandatory are very young .

der nächste schritt geschah nun innerhalb dieser gemeinschaften .
now the next step that happened is within these communities .
so the next step was happening in this communities .
the next step was now in this communities .

so , das war meine primäre motivation .
so these were my prime motives .
so , that was my primary motivation .
so , that was my primate motivation .

und das ist großartig , denn wir brauchen das .
which is great , because we need that .
and that &apos;s great , because we need that .
and that &apos;s great , because we need that .

die menschen litten . die menschen kämpften .
people were suffering . people were fighting .
people were suffering . people were fighting .
people listed . people fighting .

wir haben sie bezwungen . puff .
we vanquished it . puff .
we &apos;ve forced them to do them . puff .
we have forced them . puff .

das dauereis ist mit rot markiert .
the permanent ice is marked in red .
the permanent ice is marked with red .
the permanent ice is red with red .

geht es dabei um die details oder die farben ?
is it something about the details or the colors ?
is it the detail or the colors ?
is it about the details or the colors ?

wir müssen uns für mehr forschungsgelder einsetzen .
we need to go for more research funding .
we need to use more research on this .
we need to use more research for more research .

so können sie sie nicht falsch herum zusammensetzen .
so you can &apos;t put them the wrong way .
that &apos;s how they can &apos;t get them wrong .
so you can &apos;t put them wrong .

ich meine , niemand hat jemals ein teilchen gesehen .
i mean , nobody &apos;s ever seen a particle .
i mean , no one ever saw a particle .
i mean , nobody ever saw a particle .

und ich muss sagen , es gab mir kraft .
and i have to tell you , it was energizing .
and i have to say , there was power to me .
and i have to say , there were power to me .

ich hab ihn hier besonders hervorgehoben .
a third theorem which will turn up in people who have a strong attachment to the idea of a soul .
i put him up here in particular .
i &apos;ve got it in particular .

und ich behaupte , dass das gut ist .
and i &apos;m going to suggest that this is a good thing .
and i &apos;m saying that this is good .
and i &apos;m saying that this is good .

und das fand ich ungeheuer spannend .
and so that got me very excited .
and i found this incredibly exciting .
and i found this incredibly exciting .

wenn sie sich in jemand verlieben , effizient ?
when you fall in love with someone , efficient ?
if you &apos;re in love with somebody , efficient ?
if you stayed in somebody , efficient ?

in unseren eigenen ländern würden wir so etwas nie tun .
we would never do that in our own countries .
in our own countries , we would never do anything like this .
in our own countries , we would never do something like this .

es ist wirklich alt , und es ist erledigt .
it &apos;s really old , and it &apos;s tired .
it &apos;s really old , and it &apos;s done .
it &apos;s really old , and it &apos;s done .

eine phrase mit seinem eigenen atem zu gestalten .
to form a phrase with one &apos;s own breath .
a phrase with his own breath .
a phrase with his own breath .

und das war eine erfahrung in demut für mich .
and that &apos;s been my humbling experience in this .
and that was an experience in dehumility for me .
and that was a experience in dehumiliation for me .

sie wussten , es war ein trick dabei , oder ?
you guys knew there was a trick , didn &apos;t you .
they knew it was a trick , right ?
they knew it was a trick , right ?

also gibt es eine nette kleine spieldynamik .
so it &apos;s got cute little game dynamics on it .
so there &apos;s a nice little game dynamic .
so there &apos;s a nice little game dynamics .

und deshalb wird es nicht als großer verlust wahrgenommen .
and therefore they &apos;re not perceived as a big loss .
and that &apos;s why it &apos;s not taken as a big loss .
and that &apos;s why it &apos;s not perceived as big loss .

ich musste nicht mehr mit dem bordpersonal reden .
i didn &apos;t have to talk to the flight attendant anymore .
i didn &apos;t have to talk to the border .
i didn &apos;t have to talk to the borders .

und das können wir uns jetzt gerne mal angucken .
we can take a look at that now .
and we can now look at this .
and we can look at that now .

man zoomed hinein . man kann wirklich hinein gehen .
you zoom in . you really go in .
you zoomed inside . you can actually walk inside .
you zoomed in . you can really go into it .

oder sind sie eher wie ein down-attribut ?
or are you more of a down attribute ?
or are they more like a down-down tricereal ?
or are they more like a download ?

jeder wusste , dein genie war etwas lahm .
everyone knew your genius was kind of lame .
everybody knew their genius was a little bit lam .
everybody knew your genius was something lah .

und diese interaktiven portraits nehmen sich gegenseitig wahr .
and these interactive portraits are aware of each other .
and these interactive portraits are perceiving each other .
and these interactive portraits , each other is true .

die gesichter der zuschauer waren sehr ernst und aufmerksam .
the faces in the audience were very serious and attentive .
the faces of the audience were very serious and attention .
the faces of the audience were very serious and attention .

nun , wir haben das bürgermeister belloch vorgestellt .
well , we presented this to mayor bel<<unk>> .
well , we introduced the mayor hole .
well , we did the mayor of the mayor .

und jeder wusste , dass es so funktionierte , richtig ?
and everyone knew that this is how it functioned , right ?
and everybody knew it worked like this , right ?
and everybody knew it was so functioned , right ?

die zellengemeinschaften begannen wieder informationen zu abstrahieren .
these communities of cells , again , began to abstract information .
the cell communities started to abstract information again .
the cell communities started to abstract information again .

die wachstumsrate selbst beschleunigt sich also .
the rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster .
so the growth rate itself is accelerating .
so the growth rate itself accelerates itself .

ich weiß , was die leute denken , wenn sie das sehen .
i know what people think when they see this .
i know what people think when they see it .
i know what people think when you see that .

es wurde der &quot; automatisch verbindende stein &quot; genannt .
it was called the automatic binding brick .
it was called the &quot; automatically headed stone . &quot;
it was called &quot; automatic stone stone . &quot;

da passiert genau das gleiche , was ich eben beschrieben habe .
the same thing that i just described is now happening .
there &apos;s exactly what i &apos;ve described .
there &apos;s exactly the same thing i described .

die garnelen fressen den phytoplankton .
the shrimp eat the phytoplankton .
the shrimp is eating the phytoplankton .
the cigares eat the physical lankton .

und auch heute hängen wir noch sehr , sehr stark an geschichten .
and today we are still very , very dependent on stories .
and today we &apos;re still very , very strong stories .
and we &apos;re still looking at very , very strong with stories .

meine onkel starben an alkoholinduzierten krankheiten .
my male uncles died of alcohol-related diseases .
my uncle died in alcohol diseases .
my uncle died on alcohol diseases .

ich meine , wie sehr zehren wir von unseren erinnerungen ?
i mean , how much do we consume our memories ?
i mean , how much toes do we get from our memories ?
i mean , how much do we get from our memories ?

ich erwähnte das gegenüber miguel und er nickte .
i mentioned that to miguel , and he nodded .
i mentioned that for miguel , and he said .
i mentioned this to miguel and he kidnapped .

dieser ansatz gilt für alles neue , was wir kreativ tun .
and so this approach holds for anything new that we do creatively .
this approach is true for anything that we &apos;re doing creative .
this approach is true for everything that we do creative .

und ich feiere , ich weine wie ein kleines kind .
and i &apos;m bawling , i &apos;m crying , like a little kid .
and i celebrate , i wine like a little kid .
and i celebrate , i wonder a little kid .

das nächste phänomen , was auch sehr interessant ist das des sehens .
the next phenomenon that is also very interesting is sight .
the next phenomenon , which is also very interesting .
the next phenomenon , which is also very interesting is the vision of vision .

wir haben uns daran gewöhnt , dass dinge linear passieren .
we no longer imagine the thing in images things in images , but codify them through language .
we used to think that things happen linear .
we &apos;ve been used to that things happen to happen to be linear .

und was ist bemerkte , war , dass ich einen experten brauchte .
and what i realized is i needed an expert .
and what &apos;s noticed was that i needed a experts .
and what happened was that i needed an experts .

was ich ihnen gerade erzähle ist also was wahrhaft fantastisches .
so what i &apos;m telling you here is something truly fantastic .
so what i &apos;m going to tell you about is what truly fantastic .
so what i &apos;m just telling you is what &apos;s truly amazing .

ich habe mich zwei jahre nicht mehr mit meiner frau gestritten .
i &apos;ve not had a fight with my wife in two years .
i didn &apos;t spend two years with my wife .
i didn &apos;t have two years with my wife .

wir können uns natürlich erstmal das müllproblem angucken .
of course we can look at the issue of waste first of all .
we can , of course , first of all , look at the problem .
we can look at , of course , first of course , the tilling problem .

aber sie nehmen die vorangegangenen verluste nicht wahr .
but they don &apos;t perceive what happened before as a loss .
but you don &apos;t take the previous loss .
but they don &apos;t take the latest losses .

wenn sie laufen , ja , zerstört jeder fußabdruck den boden .
when you go running , right , every footprint destroys the ground .
if you walk , yes , everyone destroys footprint the ground .
when they walk , yes , every footprint destroys the ground .

es nennt sich eyewriter und man kann die beschreibung sehen .
this is called the eyewriter , and you can see the description .
it &apos;s called eyebrow , and you can see the description .
it &apos;s called eyeen and you can see the description .

hier ein der beweis übrigens dazu , dass männer keine schweine sind .
here we have a the proof , by the way , that humans are not pigs .
this is one of the evidence that men are not pigs .
this is one of the evidence that men are not pigs .

und dies ist der wert dieser erfahrung , dieser so einfache übung .
and so , this is the value of the experience , of this so simple exercise .
and this is the value of this experience , this simple exercise .
and this is the value of this experience , this kind of simple practice .

die x-malige interpretation eines stückes ist diesem vergleichbar .
a piece of music that is interpreted for the umpteenth time is comparable in this way .
the x-ray interpretation of a piece of it is this unimaginable .
the x-ray interpretation of a piece is this comparable .

nun , tatsächlich hat sich die zahl der gewaltverbrechen nicht sehr verändert .
well actually the violent crime rate has remained relatively stable .
now , in fact , the number of non-violence has not changed very much .
well , in fact , the number of violent crime didn &apos;t change very much .

er sagte : &quot; wir bauen extensiv an , nicht intensiv .
he said , &quot; we farm extensively , not intensively .
he said , &quot; we build sively , not intensive .
he said , &quot; we &apos;re building siv , not intensive .

ah , die mehrheit . das lsehe ich gerne , als arzt .
ah , the majority . that makes me feel very good as a doctor .
ah , the majority . this is what i like to see as a doctor .
ah , the majority . this is what i like to see as a doctor .

schließlich , beim voranschreiten sollten wir die angst willkommen heißen .
ultimately , moving forward , i think we have to embrace fear .
finally , at the beginning , we should be welcome to the fear .
finally , when we said , we should welcome the fear of welcome .

ich schaute in den rachen und es war ein klein wenig pink .
i looked at his throat , it was a little bit pink .
i looked in the rags , and it was a little bit of pink .
i looked in the raw , and it was a little pink .

wenn sie nur eins davon haben könnten , wäre es eine ganz andere welt .
if you could have any one of these , it would be a very different world .
if you could only have one of those , it would be a very different world .
if you could only have one of them , it would be a very different world .

aber gleichzeitig benötigen wir einen guten anteil intuition um die experimente tatsächlich auszuführen .
but at the same time , we need a good deal of intuition to actually make the experiments work .
but at the same time , we need a good fraction of the intuition to actually lead the experiments .
but at the same time , we need a good intuition to actually lead the experiments .

und als ich ihr zuhörte , machte sie keuchende geräusche .
and when i listened to her , she was making a wheezy sound .
and when i listened to her , she made keuchure sounds .
and when i heard her , she made kepless sounds .

nämlich so zu lügen , dass sie diese logik einfach falsch anwenden können .
this rule of three contains three theorems .
because that is how to lie that they can actually apply these logic to the logic .
that &apos;s how to lie that you can just apply this logic wrong .

hören sie bewusst zu und sagen sie , ob es ihnen schmeckt oder nicht .
listen consciously and say whether you like its taste or not .
listen to it , and tell them if they taste it or not .
listen to you and say , whether it &apos;s going to taste or not .

ich sagte : &quot; don , was zum beispiel sind nachhaltige proteine ? &quot;
i said , &quot; don , what are some examples of sustainable proteins ? &quot;
i said , &quot; don &apos;t you know what , for example , sustainable proteins ? &quot;
i said , &quot; don &apos;t you know , what are sustainable proteins ? &quot;

denn wenn das wasser herausfließt , versinkt es im atlantik .
because when that water leaves , it dumps out into the atlantic .
because when the water flows , it &apos;s in the atlantic .
because when the water flows out , it sines in the atlantic .

wie entwickeln wir diese intuition ? nun , wir lieben es mit dingen zu spielen .
how do we develop this intuition ? well we like to play with stuff .
how do we develop this intuition ? well , we love to play with things .
how do we develop this intuition ? well , we love to play with things .

erzählen sie mir über die &quot; warum &quot; -phase -- was bringt sie uns ?
tell me about the &quot; why &quot; phase -- what does that do for us ?
tell me about the &quot; why &quot; -phase &quot; -- what does it bring us ?
tell me about the &quot; why &quot; the phase phase -- what does it bring us ?

nun , wie starten wir ein chromosom ? wie aktivieren wir es ?
well , how do we boot up a chromosome ? how do we activate this ?
now , how do we launch a chromosome ? how do we activate it ?
well , how do we start a chromosome ? how do we activate it ?

und gott sei dank habe ich damals kein synonym-wörterbuch benutzt .
and , needless to say , thank god i wasn &apos;t using a thesaurus back then .
and thanks to god , i didn &apos;t use sync at that time .
and thank god , i didn &apos;t use synonymous dictionary .

und von hier kann ich in die seite hineingehen und sie wieder aufrufen .
and from these , i can drill into the web page and just launch them again .
and from here , i can go into the site and reply it again .
and from here , i can go into the side and call them up again .

der erste satz lautet , klaus behauptet , es gibt keine seele .
the second theorem is thus , if klaus is right , then he doesn &apos;t have a soul .
the first sentence is claimed , claim , there &apos;s no soul .
the first sentence is , claim , there &apos;s no soul .

ich weiß nicht genau , ob ich noch zeit habe ihnen andere umgebungen zu zeigen .
i &apos;m not sure if i have time to show you any other environments .
i don &apos;t know if i have time to show you other environments .
i don &apos;t know if i have time to show you other environments .

es ist unmöglich , solche dinge in einer gesellschaft , die funktionieren soll , zu präsentieren .
i &apos;d now like to present to you what we found out at our institute .
it &apos;s impossible to make things in a society that &apos;s supposed to work .
it &apos;s impossible to present things like this in a society that &apos;s supposed to work .

aber leider sind bonobos am wenigsten bekannt unter den primaten .
but unfortunately , bonobos are the least understood of the great apes .
but unfortunately , bonobos are at least known under the primates .
but unfortunately , bonobos are at least known among the primates .

der pilot hatte die maschine schon gewendet und wir waren nicht so weit weg .
the pilot had already turned the plane around , and we weren &apos;t that far .
the pilot had already waited the machine , and we weren &apos;t so far away .
the pilot had already moved , and we weren &apos;t so far away .

1972 waren 300.000 menschen in haftanstalten und im gefängnis .
in 1972 , there were 300,000 people in jails and prisons .
in 1972 , 300,000 people were in livestock and in prison .
in 1972 , 300,000 people were in hairs and in jail .

ich sage dann mit meinen eigenen worten , was zwischen diesem gerüst geschrieben sein könnte .
then i will say , in my own words , what could be written within this framework .
i then say to my own words , which could be written between this framework .
i then say to my own words , which could be written between this framework .

ich bin kein arzt oder forscher , und deshalb war das für mich eine erstaunliche sache .
i &apos;m not a doctor or a researcher , so this , to me , was an astonishing thing .
i &apos;m not a doctor or a researcher , and that &apos;s why this was an amazing thing for me .
i &apos;m not a doctor or researchers , and so this was an amazing thing for me .

nun , sie konnten nicht bewirken , dass das klappte , nicht wirtschaftlich .
well , they couldn &apos;t make it work , not economically .
well , they couldn &apos;t make any difference that the valve , not economically .
well , they couldn &apos;t do it , they couldn &apos;t do it .

hier kommt diese logik in diesem , ja , in dieser täuschenden rede zum ausdruck .
you see it straight away .
here &apos;s this logic in this one , yes , in this disappointment talk .
here &apos;s this logic in this , yes , in this deception talk to the expression .

die idee hinter dem stuxnet computer-wurm ist an sich ziemlich simpel .
the idea behind the stuxnet computer worm is actually quite simple .
the idea behind the student &apos;s computer worm is pretty simple .
the idea behind the shax computer worm is pretty simple .

also können wir den genetischen code verwenden um unsere wörter zu schreiben , sätze , gedanken .
so we can use the genetic code to write out words , sentences , thoughts .
so we can use the genetic code to write our words , sentences , thoughts .
so we can use the genetic code to write our words , sentences , thoughts .

also lassen sie uns eine tour dieser modernen , sauberen kohlefabrik machen .
so let &apos;s take a tour of this state-of-the-art clean coal facility .
so let &apos;s make a tour of these modern , clean coal factory .
so let &apos;s make a tour of this modern , clean coal .

er kam auf den tisch mit einer hellen , fast schimmernden weißen farbe .
it came to the table a bright , almost shimmering , white color .
he came up with a sneak , almost a white color on the white color .
he came to the table with a harbor , almost the white color .

eine millionen menschen verlassen jährlich lateinamerika und wandern in die vereinigten staaten aus .
there &apos;s a million a year who leave latin america to go to the united states .
a million people leave a year in latin america and migrate to the united states .
a million people are leaving latin america and traveling into the united states .

in den anden ist dieser gletscher die trinkwasserquelle für diese stadt .
in the andes , this glacier is the source of drinking water for this city .
this glacier is the drinking water source for this city .
in the anger , this gallery is the drinking water source for this city .

wir können auch zweihundert kilowatt photovoltaik auf das netz aufschalten .
we can also add a photo voltaic output of two hundred kilowatt + to the network .
we can also switch two hundred kilowatts of photovoltaics on the net .
we can turn down a hundred kilowatts on the net .

es geht darum , was wir über die menschen denken , die wir mit diesen wörtern beschreiben .
it &apos;s what we believe about people when we name them with these words .
it &apos;s about what we think about people that we describe with these words .
it &apos;s about what we think about the people we describe with these words .

wenn jemand etwas nimmt , das ihm nicht gehört , ist er nicht nur ein dieb .
i think if somebody takes something that doesn &apos;t belong to them , they &apos;re not just a thief .
if somebody takes something that doesn &apos;t hear him , he &apos;s not just a b .
if somebody takes something that doesn &apos;t hear him , it &apos;s not just a theft .

ich möchte ihnen jetzt drei dinge mitteilen , die ich an diesem tag über mich gelernt habe .
now i want to share with you three things i learned about myself that day .
i want to share with you three things that i &apos;ve learned on this day about me .
i want to share with you three things that i learned about this day .

unterhosen für genau eine woche sind alles , was ich in meinen koffer getan habe .
exactly one week &apos;s worth of undies is all i put in my suitcase .
underpants for a week are all i &apos;ve done in my suitcase .
in fact , for a week , everything i did in my suitcase .

so muss man hier das ipad kippen und die glühwürmchen rauslassen .
and so over here you need to tilt your ipad , take the fireflies out .
so here you have to kick the ipad , and leave the light bulbs out .
this is what you have to do here the ipad box and the light bulbs .

natürlich ist das mapping eine der wirklich offensichtlichen anwendungen für eine technologie wie diese .
of course , mapping is one of those really obvious applications for a technology like this .
of course , mapping is a really obvious application for technology like this .
of course , mapping is one of the really obvious applications for a technology like this .

rezession . stillstand . doomsday . ägypten . syrien .
recession . default . doomsday . egypt . syria .
rezart . booming . doomsday , egypt . syria .
recession . delegation . doomsday . egypt . syria .

wenn sie kein spieler sind , entgehen ihnen vielleicht einige der nuancen in diesem bild .
now , if you &apos;re not a gamer , you might miss some of the nuance in this photo .
if you &apos;re not a player , maybe some of the nuances are in this picture .
if you &apos;re not a player , maybe you &apos;re going to get some of the nuances in this picture .

im jahr 1957 versuchten fünf missionare kontakt aufzunehmen und machten einen schwerwiegenden fehler .
in 1957 , five missionaries attempted contact and made a critical mistake .
in 1957 , five missionaries were trying to stop susceptible and made a difficult mistake .
in 1957 , five missions were trying to get up and make a heavy mistake .

wir wissen ganz genau , wo sich alle geldautomaten um maastricht herum befinden .
we know perfectly where all the atms are about the city of maastricht .
we know exactly where all the donors are automated around maintenance .
we know exactly where all the money has been around mapping around maastries .

und diese partikel sind wasser , während unsere wolke eine wolke aus bildpunkten ist .
and those particles are water , where our cloud is a cloud of pixels .
and these particles are water , as our cloud is a cloud of clouds .
and these particles are water while our clouds are a cloud of imagery .

oder d , sie mögen halt keine musik und wollen deshalb damit auch nix zu zu tun haben .
or d , you simply don &apos;t like music and therefore want nothing to to do with it .
or d , don &apos;t like music , and therefore , you want to have no idea of doing it .
or d , you don &apos;t like music , and so you want to have nix to do it .

ich glaube , dass wir etwas gegen ein verändernswertes stück medizinischer kultur unternehmen müssen .
i think we have to do something about a piece of the culture of medicine that has to change .
i think we need to do something about a changing medical company .
i think we have to do something against a change of medical culture .

ich traf mich mit seinem vater und seinen bruder und sagte : &quot; wir werden euch dieses geld geben ,
so i went and met with his brother and father and said , &quot; we &apos;re going to give you this money .
i met with his father and his brother and said , &quot; we &apos;re going to give you this money .
i met with his father and his brother and said , &quot; we &apos;re going to give you this money .

wir haben einen projektor aufgestellt gegen eine wand des parkplatztes vor dem krankenhaus .
and we set up a projector on a wall out in the parking lot outside of his hospital .
we set up a projector against a wall of the parking lot before the hospital .
we put a projector on a wall of the parking line in front of the hospital .

normalerweise gibt es keine deadline , dass man ein wunder bis zu einem bestimmten datum braucht .
usually , we don &apos;t have a deadline , where you have to get the miracle by a certain date .
usually there is no deadline that you need a miracle to a certain date .
usually there &apos;s no deadline that you need a miracle to a certain date to a certain date .

man braucht natürlich biologische materialien , und man braucht aber auch werkzeuge , und das ist dann ein labor .
you need biological materials , but you also need tools , and that &apos;s a laboratory .
you need biological materials , and you also need tools , and that &apos;s a lab .
you need biological materials , and you also need tools , and you also need tools , and that &apos;s a lab .

sie nennen das dort &quot; streaming trials &quot; in den usa bezeichnen wir das als &quot; tracking &quot; .
it &apos;s called the streaming trials . we call it &quot; tracking &quot; here in the states .
they call it the &quot; crowdsourced &quot; in the united states , we call it &quot; the state . &quot;
they call this &quot; the understandpoint &quot; in the united states , we call this as a &quot; broader . &quot;

lassen sie uns also jeden faktor einzeln anschauen und überlegen wir , wie wir das auf null bekommen .
so , let &apos;s look at each one of these and see how we can get this down to zero .
so let &apos;s take a look at each other and think about how we get it at zero .
so let &apos;s look at every factor , and think about how we get it to zero .

und weil ich bei der feuerwehr bin , interessiere ich mich für pyrotechnische dinge .
and because i &apos;m with the fire brigade , i &apos;m interested in pyrotechnical things .
and because i &apos;m in the firefighter , i &apos;m interested in pyroical things .
and because i &apos;m in the fireflies , i &apos;m interested in pyrowing things .

wir passen unsere normwerte dem neuen level an und rufen uns nicht in erinnerung , was dort war .
we adjust our baseline to the new level , and we don &apos;t recall what was there .
we adapt our minds to the new level , and we don &apos;t call ourselves memories of what was there .
we fit our values to the new level , and we don &apos;t call ourselves in memory , which was there .

all diese fotos werden miteinander verbunden und es entsteht etwas , das größer ist als die summe der teile .
all of those photos become linked together , and they make something emergent that &apos;s greater than the sum of the parts .
all these photographs are linked together , and it creates something bigger than the sum of the parts .
all these photos are connected to each other , and it creates something bigger than the sum of the parts .

und die basale lektion , glaube ich ist , das konstruktion tatsächlich ein verbindender sport ist .
and the fundamental lesson , i believe , is that design truly is a contact sport .
and the basking lesson , i think , is the construction that is actually a link of sports .
and the baseline lesson , i think , is the construction actually a concern of sports .

am tag vor der veranstaltung rief ich den chef der öffentlichkeitsarbeit für die firma an .
the day before the event , i called the head of p.r. for the company .
on the day before the event , i called the head of public working for the company .
the day before the event , i called the head of public education work for the company .

und ich glaube , das ist das , was wir hier sehen in dieser explosionsartigen kurve .
and i think that that &apos;s what we &apos;re seeing here in this explosion of curve .
and i think that &apos;s what we &apos;re seeing here in this explosive curve .
and i think that &apos;s what we see here in this explosive curve .

denken sie darüber nach : wir haben einen 4-buchstaben code : a , c , g und t .
think of this : we have a four-letter genetic code -- a , c , g and t .
think about that : we have a 4-letter code : a , c , g and t .
think about this : we have a 4-letter code : a , c , g and t .

wenn diese bildpunkte herunterfallen , können sie darauf schreiben , können sie muster , bilder , text anzeigen .
if those pixels fall , you can write on it , you can show patterns , images , text .
if these dots fall down , they can write on it , they can map patterns , images , text .
if these imagery fall down , you can write on it , you can show patterns , images , text .

indem er die siftables schüttelt und sie nebeneinander legt kann er die charaktere interagieren lassen ...
so by shaking the siftables and putting them next to each other he can make the characters interact -- woof !
by shooting the toxic plates , and by the way , he can interact with the characters ...
by shaking the sidewalk , and she puts her side together , he can interact with the characters ...

ich hoffe wirklich , dass wir zusammen bedeutende spiele spielen , um auf diesem planeten ein weiteres jahrhundert zu überleben .
i really hope that we can come together to play games that matter , to survive on this planet for another century .
i really hope that we play significant games to survive on this planet another century .
i &apos;m really hoping that we &apos;re playing major games to survive on this planet another century .

außerdem , trotz ihres logarithmischen verlaufs auf der linken seite verläuft sie aufwärts .
and also , even though it &apos;s plotted on a log curve on the left , it &apos;s curving upwards .
also , despite their logarithmic course , despite their logging upside down on the left-hand side , she lifts up .
and also , despite their logarithmic missions , the left goes on the left side .

all das braucht die fähigkeit , unsere grundsätzliche fähigkeit , virtualität als einen realen lebensraum zu akzeptieren .
all that calls for the ability , our fundamental ability to accept virtuality as a real living space .
all of this needs the ability to accept our fundamental ability to accept virtual capacity as a real habitat .
all that takes the ability to accept our basic ability to accept virtual life as a real habitat .

und das liegt daran , dass diese fanatiker , die mich verrückt machten überhaupt gar keine fanatiker waren .
and that &apos;s because those fanatics that were driving me crazy weren &apos;t actually fanatics at all .
and that &apos;s because these fanatics , which made me crazy at all , were not fanatics .
and that &apos;s because these fanatic ones that made me crazy at all .

evolution ist alles über die weitergabe des genoms an die nächste generation , anpassung und überleben generation nach generation .
evolution is all about passing on the genome to the next generation , adapting and surviving through generation after generation .
evolution is all over the genome of the genome to the next generation , adaptation and survival for generation .
evolution is all beyond the genome of the genome on the next generation , adapting and generation after generation .

also mussten wir eine neue methode entwickeln mit der wir diese kleinen stücke zusammensetzen und die fehler korrigieren konnten .
so we had to create a new method for putting these little pieces together and correct all the errors .
so we had to develop a new method where we could put these little pieces together and correct the mistakes .
so we had to develop a new method where we could put these little pieces together , and the errors could correct .

es fühlt , was ich machen möchte , wohin ich gehen will und erhöht dann meine stärke und ausdauer .
it senses what i want to do , where i want to go , and then augments my strength and endurance .
it feels what i want to do , where i want to go , and then i increase my strength , and then regret it .
it feels what i want to do , where i want to go , and then increase my strength and turn my strength .

und wir denken dass wir die ersten mit treibstoffen der vierten generation sein werden , und das in etwa 18 monaten .
and we think we &apos;ll have the first fourth-generation fuels in about 18 months .
and we think that we &apos;re going to be the first with the fuel generation , and that &apos;s about 18 months .
and we think we &apos;re going to be the first ingredients of the fourth generation , and we &apos;re going to be in about 18 months .

auch ist es für mich wichtig , etwas zu schaffen , dass indisch ist aber auch sehr zeitgemäß .
another thing that &apos;s actually really important to me is creating content that is indian and yet very contemporary .
it &apos;s also important for me to create something that is indian , but also very time-consuming .
it &apos;s also important for me to create something that &apos;s indian , but also very time .

weil eben der boden wird die moose sterben ab und der der wind und das wasser wäscht den boden weg .
because the soil will the moss dies and the the wind and water wash away the soil .
because the ground is going to die off the mosses and the wind and the water is blown away .
because the ground is going to die down the mosses , and the wind and wash the water off the ground .

und du wirst ihnen alle nährstoffe , die sie sich nur wünschen könnten ohne anstrengung ihrerseits anbieten .
and you &apos;re going to provide all the nutrition that they could possibly want with no effort on their part .
and you &apos;re going to give them all the nutrients that they could only afford to offer them without effort .
and you &apos;re going to offer them all nutrients that they could only want to have no efforts on it .

und so schrieben sie alle diese beobachtungen auf , und nannten sie die theorie der quantenmechanik .
and so they wrote down all these observations , and they called it the theory of quantum mechanics .
and so they wrote all of these observations on , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
and so they wrote all these observations on , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .

einige von ihnen haben vielleicht davon gehört , dass ich vor ein paar wochen eine anzeige bei ebay geschaltet habe .
so as some of you may or may not have heard , a couple weeks ago , i took out an ad on ebay .
some of you may have heard about the fact that i took a couple of weeks ago at ebay .
some of you may have heard about this that i took a couple of weeks ago at ebay .

sie haben diese menschen nicht als kaputt und nutzlos betrachtet ; sie wurden als etwas besonderes und wertvolles behandelt .
they didn &apos;t view these people as broken and useless ; they were seen as rare and valuable .
they didn &apos;t look at these people as broken and useless ; they were treated as something special and valuable .
they didn &apos;t look at these people as broken and useless ; they were treated as something special and valuable .

und es zeigte , dass heutzutage die menschliche mustererkennung besser die proteine faltet als die besten supercomputer .
and it showed that , in fact , today , the human pattern recognition machinery is better at folding proteins than the best computers .
and it showed that , nowadays , the human pattern recognition is now folding a better proteins than the best supercomputers .
and it showed that today , the human pattern recognition is more likely to fold the proteins than the best supercomputer .

sie wollen in der lage sein sagen zu können , &quot; schau , mache nicht dieselben fehler , die ich fabrizierte . &quot;
they want to be able to say , &quot; look , don &apos;t make the same mistake i did . &quot;
they want to be able to say , &quot; look , don &apos;t make the same mistakes i make . &quot;
they want to be able to say , &quot; look , don &apos;t do the same mistake i did . &quot;

so denken wir , dass das eine situation ist in der software tatsächlich die eigene hardware bauen kann in einem biologischen system .
and so , we think this is a situation where the software can actually build its own hardware in a biological system .
so we think that this is a situation where software can actually build its hardware in a biological system .
so we think that this is a situation in the software actually can build your own hardware system in a biological system .

was uns das wirklich sagt ist , dass wir über uns und über andere leute nachdenken könnten im sinne von zwei arten des selbst .
what this is telling us , really , is that we might be thinking of ourselves and of other people in terms of two selves .
what that really tells us is that we could think about ourselves and think about other people in the sense of two species itself .
what really tells us is that we could think about ourselves and about other people &apos;s senses in the sense of self .

das programm heißt &quot; code for america &quot; und es ist ein bisschen wie das friedenscorps für computerfreaks .
the program is called code for america , and it &apos;s a little bit like a peace corps for geeks .
the program is called &quot; code for development , &quot; and it &apos;s a little bit like the peace scorps for computer freaks .
the program is called code for america , and it &apos;s a little bit like peace scorps for computer freaks .

finden sie heraus , wie sie überleben würden . die meisten unserer spieler haben die im spiel gelernten gewohnheiten beibehalten .
challenge yourself to see how you would survive , &quot; most of our players have kept up the habits that they learned in this game .
find out how they survive . most of our players have kept maintaining habits of habits .
find out how to survive . most of our players have the habits in the game .

ich glaube , den größten schaden , den wir uns selbst zugefügt haben , ist zu glauben , dass wir normal sein sollen .
i think the greatest adversity that we &apos;ve created for ourselves is this idea of normalcy .
i think the greatest damage that we have to admit ourselves is that we should be normal .
i think the biggest damage that we have given ourselves is to believe that we should be normal .

wenn wir diese unzähligen weltkulturen nach der bedeutung des menschseins fragen , antworten sie mit 10.000 verschiedenen stimmen .
when these myriad cultures of the world are asked the meaning of being human , they respond with 10,000 different voices .
if we ask those countless cultures according to the meaning of humanity , they will respond to 10,000 different voices .
if we ask these uncounted cultures to the importance of humanity &apos;s humanity , they answer to 10,000 different voices .

und vertrauen wir , vertrauen wir blind einer jeden zukünftigen regierung , einer regierung , die wir vielleicht in fünfzig jahren haben werden ?
and do we trust , do we blindly trust , any future government , a government we might have 50 years from now ?
and we trust , we &apos;re blind to any future government , one government that we might have in 50 years ?
and trust , we trust each of the future government , a government that we might have in five years ?

was ist mit den menschen , denen das nicht möglich ist , weil sie keinen zugang haben – den menschen im mittleren westen zum beispiel ?
how about the people who can &apos;t do that because they have no access -- the people in the midwest for example ?
what about the people who cannot do that is possible because they don &apos;t have access to the middle of the west , for example ?
what about the people who are not possible because they don &apos;t have access to them -- the people in the middle west , for example ?

sie sagte : » deine mama ist mein baby und du musst mit versprechen , dass du dich immer um sie kümmern wirst . «
she said , &quot; that &apos;s my baby girl , and you have to promise me now you &apos;ll always take care of her . &quot;
she said , &quot; your mom is my baby , and you &apos;ve got to promise , you &apos;re always going to take care of them . &quot;
she said , &quot; your mom is my baby , and you have to talk to you that you &apos;re always going to take care of you . &quot;

der diesel wird back-up und die wind , sonne bedienen die last so , dass sie den größeren anteil abbilden können .
the diesel will be the back-up and the wind , the sun will serve the load in such a way that they can form the bigger part .
the el here is going to be a terminal and the wind , the sun is going to serve the burden that they can degrade the larger fraction .
the el is going to be an answer and the wind , the sun , the load the load so that they can form the larger percentage .

nun , er erwähnte einige algen und einige fischmehle , und dann sagte er , hühnchen-pellets .
well , he mentioned some algaes and some fish meals , and then he said chicken pellets .
well , he mentioned some algae and some fish memes , and then he said he said chicken pellets .
well , he mentioned some alert and some fish methane , and then he said , chicken pill .

wie sie sehen können , haben wir die technologie , wir haben die plattformen , um uns zu treffen und mit ihnen zu diskutieren .
as you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit down and have discussions with you .
as you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to meet and to discuss with them .
as you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to meet us and discuss with them .

hier bei ted zu sein , zu sehen und zu hören , wie stimulierend das ist , hat mir sehr viel kraft gegeben .
and being here at ted and seeing the stimulation , hearing it , has been very , very energizing to me .
here at ted , being able to see and hear how stimulating that is , has given me a lot of force .
here to be here at ted to see and hear how livious this has given me a lot of power .

und geologen fanden beweise einer globalen abkühlung , die fast 20 jahre dauerte , was die hungersnot erklären könnte .
and geologists have found evidence of a global cooling that lasted for nearly 20 years that could have explained the famine .
and geologists found evidence of a global refrigeration that took almost 20 years to explain what the famine could explain .
and geologists found evidence of a global refrigeration that took almost 20 years to explain what the famine could explain .

die wahrheit ist , dass niemand in der ganzen medizin weiß , was ein guter chirurg oder arzt oder rettungsassistent sein sollte .
now truth of the matter is , nobody knows in all of medicine what a good surgeon or physician or paramedic is supposed to bat .
the truth is that no one in all of medicine knows what a good surgeon or a doctor should be rescued .
the truth is that no one in the whole medicine knows what should be a good surgeon or a doctor or rescue .

es ist selbstsüchtig , es ist hässlich , es ist unser nicht würdig , und wir müssen das wirklich aufhalten .
it &apos;s selfish , it &apos;s ugly , it &apos;s beneath us , and we really have to stop it .
it &apos;s selfish , it &apos;s ugly , it &apos;s not our worthy , and we really have to stop that .
it &apos;s selfish , it &apos;s ugly , it &apos;s not our worthy , and we have to really stop it .

die haben keine lead-landkarten , sondern die haben die so gennanten songlines benutzt oder auch traumpfade .
they don &apos;t have lead maps , but used so-called songlines , or dreampaths
they don &apos;t have a leather maps , but they have used the way the nanoscale glucose or trauma .
they have no empty maps , but they used the nanotons as well as glacids , or even trauma .

wir haben dieses spiel mit 1.700 spielern in 2007 getestet . und wir haben sie seitdem über die letzten drei jahre begleitet .
we piloted this game with 1,700 players in 2007 , and we &apos;ve tracked them for the three years since .
we tested this game with 1,700 players in 2007 , and we &apos;ve been accompanied by the last three years .
we &apos;ve tested this game with 1,700 toys in 2007 , and we &apos;ve been recording them over the last three years .

für das letzte bisschen musste ich meine eigene maschine bauen -- um dieses wie ein swimming pool geformte loch und das ding zu bekommen .
for the last stuff , i had to build my own machine -- to make this swimming pool-shaped hole underneath the device .
for the last thing i had to build my own machine -- to get this sort of gear up like a geek pool , and get the thing .
for the last little bit , i had to build my own machine -- to get this kind of thumb hole and get the thing .

die andere sichtweise ist nicht : hat jemand für ein verbrechen den tod verdient , sondern : haben wir es verdient , zu töten ?
the other way of thinking about it is not , do people deserve to die for the crimes they commit , but do we deserve to kill ?
the other perspective is not : did somebody deserve a crime for the death , but have we earned it to kill ?
the other view is not : does somebody deserve a crime for a crime , but we deserve it to kill ?

einkommensumverteilung wird dafür sorgen , dass es allen besser geht -- nicht nur den armen -- weil all diese große auswahl uns plagt .
income redistribution will make everyone better off -- not just poor people -- because of how all this excess choice plagues us .
income distribution is going to make sure that it &apos;s all better -- not just the poor -- because all of those big choice comes out .
it &apos;s going to make sure that it &apos;s going to be better -- not just the poor -- because all of these big choices are getting us .

ich werde nun diese nadel in meine haut stechen und durch sie hindurch treiben , bis sie auf der anderen seite wieder austritt .
i &apos;m going to pierce my skin and run this needle through to the other side .
so i &apos;m going to put this needle in my skin , and i &apos;m going to push it through the other side , and i &apos;m going to stick it again .
now i &apos;m going to put this needle in my skin , and through it through it , until they go back to the other side .

es ist weil sie mit anderen dingen beschäftigt sind , sie fragen sich selbst , &quot; soll ich heiraten oder nicht ? soll ich jetzt heiraten ?
it &apos;s because they are preoccupied , asking themselves , &quot; should i get married or not ? should i get married now ?
it &apos;s because they &apos;re busy things , they ask yourself , &quot; should i marry or not ? should i marry ?
it &apos;s because they &apos;re busy with other things , they ask themselves , &quot; should i marry or not ? should i marry now ?

dadurch muss ich sie nicht im vorfeld planen , sondern kann improvisieren ; sie währenddessen verlängern oder verkürzen .
so i don &apos;t have to plan it out in advance , but i can improvise , making it longer or shorter as i go .
so i don &apos;t have to plan them in the field , but i can improvise them ; they &apos;re more likely to be swallowed or sale .
so i don &apos;t have to plan them in the field , but can improvise it ; they tend to be more rural or more .

jede sprache ist wie ein altbestehender wald des geistes , ein wendepunkt , ein gedanke , ein ökosystem spiritueller möglichkeiten .
every language is an old-growth forest of the mind , a watershed , a thought , an ecosystem of spiritual possibilities .
each language is like an old-fashioned forest of the mind , a turning point , a thought , a ecosystem of spiritual possibilities .
each language is like an oldest forest of mind , an idea , a thought , an ecosystem , an ecosystem .

es gab leute , die meinten , wir hätten diese ozeanwesen ja wirklich gut nachgemacht und auf den planeten pandora transportiert .
so , people have commented on how , &quot; well , you know , you brought back the ocean organisms and put them on the planet of pandora . &quot;
there were people who said that we would have really done this oceans well , and on the planet pandora .
there were people who meant that we had made these oceans really good at the planet , and transported on the planet .

ist es logisch , dass von jemandem erwartet werden sollte , dass er angst davor hat , die arbeit zu tun zu der er sich berufen fühlt ?
is it logical that anybody should be expected to be afraid of the work that they feel they were put on this earth to do .
is it logical that someone should be expected to be afraid of doing the work that he feels like to do ?
is it logical that someone should be expected to be afraid of being afraid to do the work that he feels ?

die wolke ist wieder eine wolke aus bildpunkten , in der gleichen weise wie eine wirkliche wolke eine wolke aus partikeln ist .
the cloud is a cloud , again , made of pixels , in the same way as the real cloud is a cloud made of particles .
the cloud is a cloud of clouds out of imaging , in the same way that a really cloud is a cloud of particles .
the cloud is again a cloud of imagery , in the same way as a cloud is a cloud of particles .

und das ist natürlich auch was , wo man dann anfängt und guckt und sagt , okay , jetzt schaue ich einfach mal in das innere selbst hinein .
and of course that &apos;s something where you start and look and say , okay , let me look into the inner self .
and of course , that &apos;s what happens , where you start and look and say , okay , now i just look into the inner self .
and this is , of course , what you &apos;re going to start and look at and say , okay , now i &apos;m just looking into the inner self .

gene-gun ist , ja , wie so eine art luftdruckpistole , die schießt etwa so weit , zwei zentimeter oder so .
a gene gun is , well , a kind of air pressure gun , which shoots about this far , two centimetres or so .
genesis is , yes , like a kind of an aviation pile that &apos;s shooting about as far as two inches or so .
now , genius is , yes , like a kind of printing airpile , the shooting around like this , two centimeters or so far .

wenn sie denken , dass die auf der linken seite jazz ist und die , auf der rechten seite swing ist , dann klatschen sie bitte .
if you think the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is swing , clap your hands .
if you think that the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is the one hand , please clap .
if you think that the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right side , then you claim .

warum geben menschen durchschnittlich 15 bis 30 prozent mehr aus , wenn sie eine ec-karte oder eine kreditkarte benutzen , als bei bargeld ?
why do people spend an average of 15 to 30 percent more when they use an atm card or a credit card as opposed to cash ?
why on average people spend 15 to 30 percent more than 30 percent , if they use a ecology or a credit card , than money ?
why are people going to spend average 15 to 30 percent more if they use a ecd card or a credit card , as a barbarrier ?

nach dieser unglaublich lustigen unterhaltung wollen sie also vielleicht sagen : &quot; willst du immer noch in diese lächerliche zeitmaschine und in die zukunft gehen ? &quot;
so after this amazingly fun conversation , you might want to say , &quot; so , you still want to get in this ridiculous time machine and go forward ? &quot;
so after this incredibly funny conversation , you might want to say , &quot; do you still want to go into this ridiculous machine and go into the future ? &quot;
so after this incredibly funny conversation , you might want to say , &quot; do you still want to go into this ridiculous time machine and go to the future ? &quot;

zusammen mit ilm erschufen wir dort den typen aus flüssigem metall . der erfolg hing ganz davon ab , wie dieser effekt ankommen würde .
working with ilm , we created the liquid metal dude in that film . the success hung in the balance on whether that effect would work .
together with ilt , we created the guys in the liquid metal . the success of all this would be very successful at how this effect would arrive .
together with ilm , we made the guy out of liquid metal , all of the success , and the success of it was going to come out of how this effect would come from .

menschen , die nie gesungen haben , haben folglich nie unmittelbar mit dem eigenen körper gespürt , wie es ist , einen ton zu bilden .
people who have never sung consequently never directly felt with their own body what it &apos;s like to create a tone .
people who never did have healthier , have never been instilled with their own body , as it is to form a tone .
people who have never been healthy , have never been able to sense with their own body as it is to form a sound .

stellen wir uns vor , dass eines von ihnen , maria , drei monate verfrüht geboren wurde , sie ist also am 1 juni 1980 geboren .
let &apos;s imagine one of them , mary , is born three months prematurely , so she &apos;s born on june 1 , 1980 .
let &apos;s imagine that one of them , maria , three months was born , so she was born at june 1980 .
let &apos;s imagine that one of them , maria , was born three months ago , so she was born in june 1980 .

alles , was wir essen , jedes reiskorn , jeder zweig petersilie , jeder rosenkohl , wurde von den menschen verändert .
every single thing we eat , every grain of rice , every sprig of parsley , every brussels sprout has been modified by man .
everything that we eat , every rice , every bike , every two-level peterie , every red cot , was changed by the people .
all we eat , all we eat , every corn , every doug silent silent , every novel corose , was changed by the people .

von den menschen , die stehen blieben als es sechs waren , nun , jetzt sahen wir , dass 30 prozent von ihnen tatsächlich ein glas marmelade kauften .
of the people who stopped when there were six , well now we saw that 30 percent of them actually bought a jar of jam .
now , from the people who love bands were six , now we saw that 30 percent of them actually bought a glass board .
from the people who stayed when they were six , now we saw that 30 percent of them actually bought a glass brand .

legendär - wie ted williams legendär - der letzte major league baseball spieler der während einer regulären saison über 400 mal traf .
legendary -- as in ted williams legendary -- the last major league baseball player to hit over 400 during a regular season .
legendary -- like ted williams legendary -- the last league of leather baseball that went through a regular season about 400 times .
legendary -- like ted williams leveri -- the last leap baseball players at a point where a comic season met over 400 times .

und vielleicht bin ich schon lange genug im geschäft , als dass ich es mir erlauben kann ein stück meines eigenen falschen prestiges aufzugeben um dies zu ermöglichen .
and maybe i &apos;ve been around long enough that i can afford to give away some of my false prestige to be able to do that .
and maybe i &apos;ve been long enough in business as i can allow me to give a piece of my own folk premise to make this happen .
and maybe i &apos;m long enough in business when i can allow me to give me a piece of my own false to make this happen .

sie können es sie tatsächlich von unten ansehen , die wichtigsten momente für olympia 2012 und darüberhinaus teilen , und es als art der verbindung zur gemeinschaft nutzen .
you can actually see from underneath , sharing the main moments for the olympics in 2012 and beyond , and really using it as a way to connect with the community .
you can actually look at it from the bottom , the most important moments for olympics and 2012 , and use it as a kind of connection to the community .
you can actually look at it from the bottom , the most important moments of olympics in 2012 and overview , and use it as a kind of connection to the community .

warum ? dieses bild beschreibt ziemlich genau , warum ich glaube , dass spiele so unerlässlich für das überleben der menschlichen spezies in der zukunft sind . ernsthaft .
here &apos;s why . this picture pretty much sums up why i think games are so essential to the future survival of the human species . truly .
why ? this picture describes why i think games are so unprecedented for survival of human species in the future .
why ? this picture describes pretty much , why i think games are so unbelievable for the survival of human species in the future .

oder wenn wir in die berge von tibet gehen , wo ich neuerlich viel forsche , wird man das hässliche gesicht der politischen dominanz sehen .
or if we go into the mountains of tibet , where i &apos;m doing a lot of research recently , you &apos;ll see it &apos;s a crude face of political domination .
or if we go into the mountains of tibet , where i &apos;m going to be much more reformed , you will see the ugly face of the political dominance .
or if we go to the mountains of tibet , where i will see a lot of formal , you &apos;ll see the ugly face of the political dominance .

und wenn wir mit einem körper konfrontiert sind , der für uns tatsächlich etwas sehr anderes darstellt , verwirrt uns das in hinblick auf diese kategorisierungen .
and when we &apos;re faced with a body that actually presents us something quite different , it startles us in terms of those categorizations .
and if we &apos;re confronted with a body that &apos;s actually something very different for us , it confused us to take a look at these categorization .
and if we &apos;re confronted with a body , which is actually something very different to us , confused us to look at this categorization .

gehen wir also zurück , und zwar 2,5 milliarden jahre . die erde war ein grosser , steriler steinklumpen mit vielen darauf schwebenden chemikalien .
so if you go back about two and a half billion years , the earth was this big , sterile hunk of rock with a lot of chemicals floating around on it .
so let &apos;s go back , and that &apos;s 2.5 billion years . the earth was a big , sterile stone with lots of floating chemicals .
so let &apos;s go back , and it was 2.5 billion years , and the earth was a big , sterile stone stone , with lots of sweden chemicals .

was sie herausfinden ist , dass die menschen , die von den vielen zu den geringen auswahlmöglichkteiten gehen immer und immer wieder die standardauswahl wählen .
what you find is the people who go from high choice to low choice , they &apos;re hitting that default button over and over and over again .
what you find is that the people who go from many to the many choices are going on and over and over and over again choose the standard selection .
what you find is that the people who go from the many of the votes to the election and always choose the standard choice .

er hat xx chromosome , und im mutterleib , waren seine nebennieren so stark aktiv , dass sie im wesentlichen eine männliche hormonumgebung erzeugt haben .
he had xx chromosomes , and in the womb , his adrenal glands were in such high gear that it created , essentially , a masculine hormonal environment .
he &apos;s got xx chromox , and in the womb , his side nests were so active that they made an absolutely hormone hormones .
he &apos;s got xx chromosome , and in the womb , his side were so strong that they basically made a male hormonal environment .

die gleiche technologie , das das menschliche insulin in bakterien produziert kann viren machen , die nicht nur schutz vor sich selbst , aber auch zur immunität gegen andere viren dienen können .
the same technology that has produced the human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that will not only protect you against themselves , but induce immunity against other viruses .
the same technology that can produce human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only protecting themselves , but also immune to other viruses .
the same technology that the human insulin can make viruses in bacteria that can &apos;t only protect themselves , but also to the immunity against other viruses .

nachdem man zunächst sich ein stück ausgesucht hat zu spielen , weil man davon begeistert ist , forscht man erstmal nach hintergründen der entstehung der komposition .
once you &apos;ve selected a piece to play , because you love it , you first look into the background of the composition &apos;s creation .
so , first of all , if you have a piece of cake , because you &apos;re really excited about it , you &apos;re going to start looking for the back of the composition .
and after you &apos;ve first got a piece of play , because you &apos;re excited about this , you &apos;re first researching to the back of the composition .

ob sie es glauben oder nicht , es ist eine experimentelle studie in gang mit impfstoff gegen influenza das in den zellen einer tabakpflanze angebaut worden ist .
believe it or not , there &apos;s an experimental trial going on with vaccine against influenza that has been grown in the cells of a tobacco plant .
whether you believe it or not , it &apos;s an experimental study in vaccine with vaccine , which is built in the cells of a taboo plant .
whether you believe it or not , it &apos;s a experimental study in vaccine with vaccina against the cell being built in the cells of a tabolet plant .

und am ende stehen wir wirklich vor einer wahl . möchten wir in einer monochromatischen welt der monotonie oder in einer polychromatischen welt der vielfalt leben ?
and in the end , then , it really comes down to a choice : do we want to live in a monochromatic world of monotony or do we want to embrace a polychromatic world of diversity ?
and at the end , we really want to be a choice . do we want to live in a monomatic world of monotonia , or in a polymatic world of diversity ?
and at the end of the end , we &apos;re really going to have a choice , and we want to live in a monomatic world of monotona or in a polymer in the world ?

der leiter des kongresses kam auf die bühne und hat gesagt , &quot; professor romer , ich danke ihnen herzlich für ihren vortrag , aber könnten wir vielleicht den tedtalk anschauen .
the leader of the congress came up on stage and said , &quot; professor romer , thank you very much for your lecture , but maybe we could watch the tedtalk .
the head of the congression came up with the stage and said , &quot; professor romer , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we could look at tedtalk .
the head of the congression came to the stage and said , &quot; professor romer , i thank you very much for your talk , but we might look at the tedtalk .

und unser europäisches verbundnetz besteht im grunde genommen nur aus lauter rotierenden massen von großen kraftwerken , wo sich immer die welle überall um ganz europa gleicht dreht .
and our european energy grid basically consists of rotating masses of large power plants , where the axle always revolves around the whole of europe .
and our european network is basically made up of louder rotating powers of great power , where the wave is all around europe .
and our european connected web is basically just made out of louder animals from big power plants , where the wave is moving around europe all over europe .

in einem land , das gerade eine heftige krise hinter sich hat , wurde in dem kongress für diese verfassungsänderung mit 124 zu einer stimme gewählt .
in a country which had just gone through this wrenching crisis , the vote in the congress in favor of this constitutional amendment was 124 to one .
in a country that has just been a significant crisis behind the congress for this congress to be elected with a 124 voting voice .
in a country that has just been behind a hemisphere crisis , where congress was elected for this fiber change with 124 / 24 .

wir kamen aufs thema musik zu sprechen . und ein paar tage später bekam ich eine e-mail , in der stand , dass nathaniel sich für geigenunterricht bei mir interessierte .
and we got talking about music , and i got an email from steve a few days later saying that nathaniel was interested in a violin lesson with me .
we came up to speak about music . and a few days later , i got an email where i got an email from the fact that nathaniel became interested in myself .
we came up to talk about music , and a few days later , i got an email , in the fact , that estinian education was interested in me .

nun , was ich ständig höre ist : zu viele chemikalien , pestizide , hormone , monokultur , wir wollen keine riesigen felder mit einer sache , das ist falsch .
well , the things i constantly hear are : too many chemicals , pesticides , hormones , monoculture , we don &apos;t want giant fields of the same thing , that &apos;s wrong .
now , what i hear is : too many chemicals , pesticides , hormones , monoculture , we don &apos;t want a huge fields to one thing that &apos;s wrong .
now , what i hear is : too many chemicals , pesticides , hormone , monoculture , we don &apos;t want to have huge fields with one thing that &apos;s wrong .

und diese wissenschaftler haben einfach die verschiedenen themen dokumentiert mit denen sich diese ceo beschäftigt haben. und wieviel zeit sie damit verbrachten entscheidungen zu treffen , die mit den themen zusammenhängen .
and these scientists simply documented all the various tasks that these ceos engaged in and how much time they spent engaging in making decisions related to these tasks .
and these scientists just documented the different subjects with which these ceo needs . and how much time they spent making decisions that relate to the topics .
and these scientists have just documented the different topics with these ceo habits , and how much time they make decisions to make decisions that are related to the issues .

das heißt , statt uns individuell zu erinnern haben wir standardisierte , weit verbreitete , in massen verbreitete muster von erinnerungen , an die wir unsere persönlichen erinnerungen hängen können .
and they will they have been increasingly overwritten during the course of the centuries by the influences of the machine age .
that means , instead of giving us an individual , we have the standard , widespread set , in maimed patterns of memories that we can bring to our personal memories .
that means , instead of remembering individual , we &apos;ve been embedded , very common , in mapping patterns of memories that we can hang on our personal memories .

und wenn sie mit den werken des alten griechischen historikers herodotus vertraut sind , kennen sie vielleicht diese geschichte . die geschichte darüber , wie und warum spiele erfunden wurden .
and if you &apos;re familiar with the work of the ancient greek historian herodotus , you might know this history , which is the history of who invented games and why .
and if you &apos;re familiar with the ancient greek historic historic herotor , you may know this story . the story of how and why games were invented .
and if you &apos;re familiar with the original historian historian , you know , you may know this story . the story about how and why games were invented .

angenommen sie haben eine blinddarmentzündung und sie werden zu einem operateur überwiesen , dessen durchschnittsleistung 400 in bezug auf blinddarmentzündungen ist .
suppose you have appendicitis and you &apos;re referred to a surgeon who &apos;s batting 400 on appendectomies .
suppose you have a blindfold mentor , and you &apos;ll depend on an operator , whose average performance is 400 performance in terms of blindness on blindness .
suppose you have a blind mental mentary , and you &apos;re going to have a surgical surr , whose average performance is over 400 years in terms of blindness .

alles , was sie tun müssen , ist , sich die bitteren todeszahlen von wirklich großartigen köpfen allein aus dem 20. jahrhundert anzusehen , die jung und oft von eigener hand starben .
and all you have to do is look at the very grim death count in the 20th century alone , of really magnificent creative minds who died young and often at their own hands , you know ?
everything you need to do is to look at the bitter death numbers of really great minds alone in the 20th century , look at the young and often from their own hand .
everything you need to do is to look at the bitter numbers of really great heads alone from the 20th century , the young and often died from your hand .

und ein teil von mir fragt sich , was wäre , wenn der inhalt einer persönlichkeit etwas wäre , das in zukunft maschinenlesbar wäre -- mittels fmri sichtbar gemacht werden könnte ?
and part of me also wonders , what if content of character turns out to be something that &apos;s scannable in the future -- able to be seen with an fmri ?
and part of me asks , what if the content of a personality would be something that would be used in the future of machine -- using mri could be made visible ?
and part of me wonder , what if the content of a personality would be something that would be done in the future of machinery -- middle mri could be made visible ?

denken sie also , wenn es nicht nur möglich wäre das geschlecht ihres kindes zu wählen aber auch an dem körper genetische anpassungen vorzunehmen , die krankheiten heilen und vorzubeugen würden .
think also , if it were possible ever for you to choose , not simply to choose the sex of your child , but for you in your body to make the genetic adjustments that would cure or prevent diseases .
so if you think it &apos;s not just possible to choose the gender of your child , but also to take advantage of the body &apos;s genetic adaptations that would cure disease and prefer disease .
so think , if it wasn &apos;t just possible to choose the sex of your child , but also to take your body adaptive adaptations that would prefer disease and prey .

und am ende des tages packte ich meine sachen , verlies das krankenhaus und ging zum parkplatz um mit dem auto nach hause zu fahren , als ich etwas tat , das ich sonst nicht machte .
and at the end of the day , i packed up to leave the hospital and walked to the parking lot to take my car and drive home when i did something that i don &apos;t usually do .
and at the end of the day i packed my stuff , the hospital and went to the parking lot to drive home the car when i did something i didn &apos;t do .
and at the end of the day , i was packing my stuff , and i went to the hospital and went to parking lots to the car home , when i did something that i didn &apos;t do .

diese pflanze enthält einige sehr starke tryptamine die dem serotonin , dimethyltryptamin-5 und methoxydimethyltryptamin sehr ähnlich sind .
this plant had in it some very powerful tryptamines , very close to brain serotonin , dimethyltryptamine , 5-methoxydimethyltryptamine .
this plant contains some very strong tamypc tamins that are the serotonin , mediylyptamin tamin tamins and sample of diybic tamin are very similar to very similar .
these plant contains some very strong trype tamins the serotonin , dietyptian tamins and xyxydivine are very similar .

wenn sie vielleicht nur glauben , dass sie eine leihgabe sind – von einer unvorstellbaren quelle für eine erlesene zeit ihres lebens , die an jemand anderen weitergegeben wird , wenn sie fertig damit sind .
but maybe if you just believed that they were on loan to you from some unimaginable source for some exquisite portion of your life to be passed along when you &apos;re finished , with somebody else .
if you just think that you &apos;re a guide -- of a unimaginable source for a reader of your life , which somebody else will pass if you &apos;re done with it .
if you just think that you &apos;re a lightning -- from an imaginable source for a reader period of your life that someone else will continue when you &apos;re finished with it .

im nächsten buch planen wir eine interaktion bei der man das video des ipads benutzt und durch augmented reality eine animation von elfen sieht , die auf einer pflanze vor dem haus erscheinen .
in the next book , we plan on having an interaction where you take your ipad out with the video on and through augmented reality , you see this layer of animated pixies appear on a houseplant that &apos;s outside your house .
in the next book , we plan an interaction where you use the video of the paipads and you see an animation of animation that looks at a plant in front of a plant in front of the house .
in the next book , we &apos;re planning a interaction with the video of the ipads and using real animation , a animation of augmented animation that appear on a plant in front of a plant .

eine interessante folge der interaktionen , die wir zu erkennen begannen , war , dass wir alltägliche gesten auf daten anwenden könnten , wie etwa farben so zu schütten , wie man dies mit flüssigkeiten tut .
one of the interesting implications on interaction , we started to realize , was that we could use everyday gestures on data , like pouring a color the way we might pour a liquid .
so an interesting sequence of interactions that we started to realize was that we could apply everyday data on how to do something like colors , how to do it with liquid signs .
a interesting sequence of interactions that we started to recognize was that we could apply all kinds of data on data , like color , like how to do this with fluids .

also jeden morgen springe ich auf meine wlan-waage und die leute reden schon mit mir , bevor ich im auto sitze : &quot; zum mittagessen lieber nur ein kleiner salat heute , lucien . &quot;
so every morning i hop on my wifi scale and before i &apos;m in my car , people start talking to me , &quot; i think you need a light lunch today , lucien . &quot;
so every morning , i jumped on my whales and the people talk to me before i &apos;m in the car , &quot; for lunch , just a little salt right now , lucifer . &quot;
so every morning , i jumped on my long wage , and people talk to me before i sit in the car , &quot; for lunch , just a small salmon today . &quot;

keins davon -- gingko , betrug , echinacea , betrug , acai , da weiß ich nicht mal , was das ist , aber wir geben milliarden dollar dafür aus , es ist betrug .
none of it ... ginkgo , fraud ; echinacea , fraud ; acai -- i don &apos;t even know what that is but we &apos;re spending billions of dollars on it -- it &apos;s fraud .
none of this -- gingko , worrying about china , eacea , cheating , acuai , because i don &apos;t know what that is , but let &apos;s give billions of dollars for it , it &apos;s cheating .
kone of them -- gingko , eaceacean , beaco , acai , i don &apos;t know what this is , but we give billions of dollars to it .

und als folge verfangen wir uns bei dem kampf mit der wirklich schwierigen frage , wann jemand tot ist . und das bringt uns in eine wirklich schwierige lage , in der wir nicht mehr so einfache kategorien haben wie früher .
and as a consequence , we &apos;re stuck with having to struggle with this really difficult question about who &apos;s dead , and this leads us to a really difficult situation where we don &apos;t have such simple categories as we &apos;ve had before .
and as a result , we &apos;re starting with the struggle with the tough question of when someone is dead , and this brings us into a really difficult situation where we don &apos;t have more simple categories like once .
and as a result , we &apos;re starting to deal with the struggle with the really difficult question when somebody &apos;s dead , and that brings us in a really difficult situation where we don &apos;t have more simple categories like that .

was sie also plötzlich begannen zu verstehen -- oder was ich begann zu verstehen -- war , dass , wenn man beginnt , mit diesen firmen zu sprechen , die idee , wie deine marke verstanden wird , ein umfassendes problem ist .
so what you suddenly started to realize -- or what i started to realize -- is that when you started having conversations with these companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
so what they suddenly started to understand -- or what i started to understand -- was that , if you start talking to these companies who are talking about how your brand will be understood , is a comprehensive problem .
so what they suddenly started to understand -- or what i started to understand -- was that when you start talking to these companies , the idea of how your brand is understood , is a broader problem .

ein anderes ding aus den usa , das eben auch mit dieser vaterschaftstestgeschichte da zu tun hat , ist die die p.c.r , das ist die polymerase-kettenreaktion , kompliziertes wort .
another thing from the usa that also had to do with paternity test thing , is the the pcr , the polymerase chain reaction , a complicated term .
another thing from the united states , which is also about doing this father &apos;s story , is the p.cr cr , which is the polymer chain response , complicated response .
another thing from the united states , which also has to do with this error story , is the p.c.r , that &apos;s the polymer engine , complicated word .

der gedanke , den ich ihnen mit auf den weg geben möchte , ist dass wir an der schwelle zu dieser neuen generation von werzeugen zur interaktion mit digitalen medien stehen , die informationen in unsere welt bringen , die unseren anforderungen entspricht .
so the thought i want to leave you with is that we &apos;re on the cusp of this new generation of tools for interacting with digital media that are going to bring information into our world on our terms .
the idea that i want to leave you with is that we are at the threshold of this new generation of witness to the digital media that puts information into our world that corresponds to our requirements .
the idea that i &apos;d like to give you on the way is that we &apos;re standing at the threshold of this new generation of creativity to the digital media with digital media that bring information into our world .

sie verwenden mittel wie den staatstrojaner , um ihren computer mit einem trojaner zu bespielen , der es ihnen erlaubt , ihre gesamte kommunikation zu überwachen , ihre online-diskussionen abzuhören , ihre passwörter zu sammeln .
they will even use tools like state trojan to infect your computer with a trojan , which enables them to watch all your communication , to listen to your online discussions , to collect your passwords .
they use the treasure of state janitors to collect their computer with a tropical pipeline that allows them to monitor their entire communication , to monitor their discussions , to gather their words .
they use tools like the state of state , to deploy their computer with a tropics that allows them to monitor their entire communication , to listen to their online communications , to collect their words .

in meiner anatomievorlesung lernte ich die ursprünge und ausläufer jedes muskels , jeden zweig einer jeden arterie , welchen von der aorta wegführt , obskure und gewöhnliche differentialdiagnosen .
i memorized in my anatomy class the origins and exertions of every muscle , every branch of every artery that came off the aorta , differential diagnoses obscure and common .
in my anatomic lecture , i learned the original , the origin and out of every muscle , every branch of every single array of aorta , the aorta , the acoustic and common diagnosis .
in my anatomic lecture , i learned the origins and the sins of every mush , every single one of the artery , which leads away from the aorta , obscure diagnostic diagnosis .

die einzige wirkliche behinderung ist ein gebrochener geist ein geist , der gebrochen wurde , hat keine hoffnung mehr . er findet nichts mehr schön. ihm fehlt unsere natürliche , kindliche neugier. und unsere angeborene fähigkeit der imagination .
so , i think that the only true disability is a crushed spirit , a spirit that &apos;s been crushed doesn &apos;t have hope , it doesn &apos;t see beauty , it no longer has our natural , childlike curiosity and our innate ability to imagine .
the only real disability is a broken mind , a spirit that has been broken , has no more hope . he finds nothing more beautiful to him , our natural , natural curiosity , and our innate ability .
the only real disability is a broken mind , a broken mind , who was broken , has no more hope . he finds nothing more . he fears our natural childhood , curiosity , curiosity and our ability to the human mind .

aber wie die bereits zitierten beispiele aus den synonym-wörterbüchern beweisen , lässt uns unsere sprache keinen raum , sich etwas vorzustellen , was wir uns alle wünschen würden : es jedem einzelnen zu ermöglichen , sich selbst als kraftvollen menschen zu sehen .
but , in the previous instances of those thesaurus entries , our language isn &apos;t allowing us to evolve into the reality that we would all want , the possibility of an individual to see themselves as capable .
but as the example that we &apos;ve seen in sync examples of synthetic dictions , our language doesn &apos;t make any room to imagine what we wish to all of us : it enable each individual to see itself as powerful people .
but as you know , the examples of synonymous dictionaries show us not to imagine our language , imagine something that we would all wish : it would allow every single person to be able to see themselves as a powerful person .

in dem moment nämlich , wo ich meine hand von ihnen wegdrehe , damit sie sie von hinten sehen , bewegt sich dieser finger hier , mein zeigefinger , einfach von dort , wo er war , in eine position , in der er so ausgestreckt ist .
in a moment when my hand moves from facing you to being away from you , this finger right here , my index finger is just going to shift from where it is , to a position pointing out like this .
because in the moment that i &apos;ve taken my hand away from you , so you see from the back , this finger moving here , my curve , just from where he was in a position , in which he &apos;s extended .
in the moment , where i drew my hand away from you , so you can see from the back of this finger here , my fingers , just from there , where he was in a position where he &apos;s stretched .

und da halte ich nur eines von diesen kleinen geräten hoch , weil die dinge sollen immer intuitiver , immer natürlicher , benutzungsfreundlicher werden und da muss man halt schauen , was ist eigentlich für uns menschen natürlich , was ist benutzungsfreundlich oder intuitiv .
and now i &apos;ll hold up one of these little devices , because things are supposed to become increasingly intuitive , increasingly natural , more user friendly , and then you have to look at what we humans consider natural , what we consider user friendly or intuitive .
and there is only one of these little devices that i think is highly intuitive , always natural , natural use of friendly friendship , and there is something that is actually for us , of course , what &apos;s friendly or intuitive .
and since i just think of one of these little devices high , because the things should always be more intuitive , more natural , natural user , and you have to look at what is actually for us , of course , what is kindness or intuitive .

ich muss diesen dinge nicht emotional anhaften , denn gleich um die ecke wird es immer ein anderes verrücktes , farbenfrohes , strahlendes outfit geben , das nur auf mich wartet , wenn ich ein bisschen lieben im herzen habe und es suche .
i don &apos;t need to get emotionally attached to these things because around the corner , there is always going to be another crazy , colorful , shiny outfit just waiting for me , if i put a little love in my heart and look .
i don &apos;t have to give this kind of effort because the corner is going to always be a different crazy , colorful , colorful , abundance of your outlook , just waiting for me if i love a little bit in the heart and search .
i don &apos;t have to do this thing because the corner of the corner , it &apos;s always going to be a crazy , colorful , frozen , clothes of the output , just waiting for me , if i have a little love in the heart and search for it .

was also in &quot; the <unk> <unk> ever <unk> &quot; passiert , ist , dass alles , von oben bis unten , vom anfang bis zum ende , vollkommen mit marken versehen ist -- vom titelsponsor , den sie im film sehen werden , das ist die marke x .
so what happens in &quot; the greatest movie ever sold , &quot; is that everything from top to bottom , from start to finish , is branded from beginning to end -- from the above-the-title sponsor that you &apos;ll see in the movie , which is brand x .
so what &apos;s happening in &quot; the coverage , &quot; is that everything from above to bottom , from the very beginning , from the very beginning , is totally verified -- from the title sponsor that you &apos;re going to see in the movie is the marx .
so what &apos;s happening in the &quot; realization &quot; is that everything , from the bottom up to the beginning , from the beginning to the beginning to the end of march -- is from the sponsor that you &apos;re going to see in the movie , that &apos;s the marx .

die geister können von unter dem großen wasser heraufbeschwört werden , antworten auf den rhythmus des tanzes , um die seele des lebenden vorübergehend zu verdrängen , so dass der akolyth für einen kurzen glänzenden moment zum gott wird .
the spirits can be invoked from beneath the great water , responding to the rhythm of the dance to momentarily displace the soul of the living , so that for that brief shining moment , the acolyte becomes the god .
the spirits can be described under the great water , answers to the rhythm of the dance , to extend the soul of the living process , so that the olyactic will end for a very brief moment to the god .
the spiritual can be described by the great water , responded to the rhythm of the dance , to extend the soul of the living of the living , so that the acouth of a brief moment for a brief moment to god .

wir haben diesen lebensplan , wir haben diese dinge , die wir im leben machen möchten und ich dachte an all die menschen , denen ich eine hand reichen wollte und es nicht tat , all die zäune , die ich flicken wollte , all die erfahrungen , die ich machen wollte und nie machte .
we have this bucket list , we have these things we want to do in life , and i thought about all the people i wanted to reach out to that i didn &apos;t , all the fences i wanted to mend , all the experiences i wanted to have and i never did .
we &apos;ve got these living things , we &apos;ve got these things that we want to do in life , and i thought about all the people i wanted to make a rich hand , and it doesn &apos;t really do all the fences that i wanted to make all the flickers that i wanted to do and never do .
we have this life plan , we have these things that we want to do in life , and i thought to all the people i wanted to do a rich hand , and it didn &apos;t do all the things that i wanted to check all the experiences that i wanted to do and never did .

wir verfolgten die geneaologie acht generationen zurück und fanden zwei fälle eines natürlichen todes und als wir die menschen mit nachdruck etwas darüber ausfragten , gaben sie zu , dass einer der leute so alt geworden war , dass er aufgrund seines alters starb und wir töteten ihn trotzdem mit dem speer .
we traced genealogies back eight generations , and we found two instances of natural death and when we pressured the people a little bit about it , they admitted that one of the fellows had gotten so old that he died getting old , so we speared him anyway .
we walked back the genetic engineering eight generations , and we found two cases of a natural death , and when we asked people about doing something pressure , they said that one of the people had become so old , that he died because of his alpha , and we killed him with the spear .
we followed the genetics of eight generations and found two cases of a natural death , and when we asked people to do something about it , they gave them that one of the people was so old , because he died because of his alters and we killed him .

und , wenn ich wieder einen schritt rausgehe und auf alles schaue , kann ich meinen verlauf neu anordnen vielleicht nach meiner such-vergangenheit . hier , habe ich nach &apos; nepotistisch &apos; gesucht , hier nach bing , oder hier nach live labs pivot .
and , if i want to step back and look at everything , i can slice and dice my history , perhaps by my search history -- here , i was doing some nepotistic searching , looking for bing , over here for live labs pivot .
and again , when i step out and look up and look at everything , i might reframe it to my search for search for such-and-here , i &apos;ve been looking for &quot; ponetia &quot; which is looking for , you know , or live in labs .
and , if i take a step back and look at everything , i can go back to my nearest past , maybe after my search past , here , i &apos;ve been looking for the nearby &apos; potent , i &apos;m looking for the nearest , here , or here , or here for life labs .

viele firmen neigen dazu -- und das ist die menschliche natur -- sachen zu vermeiden , bei denen sie sich nicht sicher sind , sie werden angst vermeiden , diese elemente , und dass sie diese willkommen heißen , und sie verwandeln sie für sich selbst tatsächlich in etwas positives , und das ist ein geschickter schachzug .
most companies tend to -- and it &apos;s human nature -- to avoid things that they &apos;re not sure of , avoid fear , those elements , and you really embrace those , and you actually turn them into positives for you , and it &apos;s a neat thing to see .
many companies tend to -- and this is the human nature -- to avoid things that they &apos;re not sure they &apos;re going to avoid fear , these elements , and that they come up with , and they turn them into something positive for themselves , and that &apos;s a ckover there .
many companies tend to do this -- and that &apos;s the human nature -- to avoid things that you &apos;re not sure you &apos;re afraid , you &apos;re afraid of these elements , and you &apos;re going to get this welcome , and you &apos;re actually going to turn it into yourself in a positive , and that &apos;s a tickle .

aber wird fanden 17 markenpartner , die bereit waren , auf diese kontrolle zu verzichten , die mit jemandem geschäfte machen wollten so achtsam und verspielt wie ich , und die uns schließlich dazu befähigten , geschichten zu erzählen , die wir normalerweise nicht hätten erzählen können -- geschichten , die ein werber normalerweise nie unterstützen würde .
but we did get 17 brand partners who were willing to relinquish that control , who wanted to be in business with someone as mindful and as playful as myself and who ultimately empowered us to tell stories that normally we wouldn &apos;t be able to tell -- stories that an advertiser would normally never get behind .
but what we found is , 17 markening partners , who were willing to go into this control , who wanted to do business with someone who wanted to do something like me , and eventually tell us stories that we could not have used to tell -- who would never usually support a business .
but it &apos;s going to find 17 brand partners who were willing to put on these control that wanted to do with someone who wanted to do something like that , and how i was playing , and finally , to tell us to tell stories that we can &apos;t say -- the stories that would never support .

das war die surrealste form eines déjà-vu , die ich je erlebt habe . denn bevor ich jeweils um eine ecke bog , wusste ich immer schon , was gleich im lichtkegel des fahrzeugs auftauchen würde , da ich monatelang übers filmset gelaufen war , als wir den film drehten .
and it was the most surreal kind of deja vu experience i &apos;ve ever had , because i would know before i turned a corner what was going to be there before the lights of the vehicle actually revealed it , because i had walked the set for months when we were making the movie .
this was the most surreal form of a déji sauvu , which i &apos;ve ever experienced , because before i even knew about a corner of bow , i always knew what was going on in the light of the light vehicle , because i would have escaped months of cairon film as we were movie .
this was the most real reality form of a déju , which i &apos;ve ever experienced . because before i knew one corner , i always knew what was going on in the light of the light , because i was going to go through monthly .

ich habe das dann in meinem labor daheim versucht , ein bisschen auszuweiten , und habe mir dann halt so second-hand-equipment auf ebay gekauft und ein bisschen d.n.a analyse gemacht , versucht , einen vaterschaftstest , also so so / d.n.a fingerprinting , noch mal zu machen daheim .
i then tried to expand this at my laboratory back home , and so i bought some secondhand equipment on ebay and did a little dna analysis , and tried to do a paternity test , so dna fingerprinting in other words , at home again .
i then tried that in my lab &apos;s home , tried a little bit , and then i just got a little bit like this , and then i bought fed up on ebay bay and bought a little bit of n.n.m. , which is a father test , so that &apos;s how a prin.e.o.r. , even at home .
and then i tried to do this in my lab in my lab , a little bit to do it , and then i would buy a hand-man on ebay and buy a little bit of a analysis , trying to do a little bit of a analysis , and i tried to do an erastor , so that &apos;s how to do this .

aber mein traum hier ist , dass , wenn man es ökonomisch machen kann , und gleichzeitig das co2 beseitigt , dann sagen auch die skeptiker : &quot; okay , es interessiert mich nicht , dass es kein co2 emittiert , ich wünschte fast , dass es das täte , aber ich werde es wohl akzeptieren , weil es billiger ist als die vorherige methode . &quot;
but my dream here is that , if you can make it economic , and meet the co2 constraints , then the skeptics say , &quot; ok , i don &apos;t care that it doesn &apos;t put out co2 , i kind of wish it did put out co2 , but i guess i &apos;ll accept it because it &apos;s cheaper than what &apos;s come before . &quot;
but my dream is that , if you can make it economic , and at the same time , the co2 is also telling the skeptic , &quot; okay , it &apos;s not that it &apos;s not a co2 emitted , i wish it almost did , but i think it &apos;s going to accept it , because it &apos;s a cheap way to predict it . &quot;
but my dream here is that if you can make it economic , and at the same time , the co2 is saying , &quot; okay , i &apos;m not interested in that it doesn &apos;t have a co2 , i wish that it &apos;s almost impossible , but i &apos;m going to accept it because it &apos;s probably because it &apos;s cheap . &quot;

und das wäre ihre antwort auf das björn lomborg argument , dass , wenn man all diese zeit und energie verwendet um das co2 problem zu lösen , all die anderen ziele darunter leiden , die armutsverringerung , die bekämpfung von malaria und so weiter , dass es eine dumme verschwendung von ressourcen ist , geld dafür zu investieren , während es bessere dinge gibt , die wir tun können .
and so , that would be your response to the bjorn lomborg argument , that basically if you spend all this energy trying to solve the co2 problem , it &apos;s going to take away all your other goals of trying to rid the world of poverty and malaria and so forth , it &apos;s a stupid waste of the earth &apos;s resources to put money towards that when there are better things we can do .
and that would be their answer to the bjlomborg &apos;s argument that if you spend all this time and energy to solve the problem of co2 , all the other goals , the sufferings of poverty , the aspiration of malaria , and so on and so forth , there &apos;s a dumb resources to invest in money while there is money , whereas there are things that we can do better things .
and that would be , and that would be their answer to bloodn &apos;s argument that if you use all of this time and energy to solve the co2 problem , all the other goals , the other solutions that reduce poverty , the mutation of malaria , and so on , that it &apos;s a duration of money to invest in money , while we can do better things .

so , ich würd das gerne mal zusammenfassen mein meinen talk und zwar in dem sinne , dass die eigenschaften und die fähigkeiten , die wir aus dem vogt -zeitalter erworben haben , und die uns so ein bisschen verschütt gegangen sind im maschinenzeitalter , dass die mit hilfe des so genannten cyber -zeitalters wieder aktiviert werden können und dass wir auf diese art und weise über komplexe , technologische , neue produkte tatsächlich nicht in die zukunft , sondern eigentlich zu uns zurück zu unseren wurzeln kommen .
right , i &apos;d like to summarise my my presentation by stating that the characteristics and abilities that we acquired during the age of feudalism , and which went a little lost during the machine age , that they can be reactivated with the help of the so-called cyber age and so that we can , in this way , actually go back to our roots rather than the future through complex , technological , new products .
so , i &apos;d like to summarize my talk in the sense that the trait is , in the sense that the trait is that the qualities and the skills that we have made out of the vocal age of the age of what age we have , and so that a little bit of a contract in the machine age , that the cymains can be activated with the help of the so-called , and that we can reactivate this kind of complex , and that we can actually come back up with complex products in the future , in our future , but come back to our future .
so , i &apos;d like to summarize this , so i &apos;d like to summarize this as much as i &apos;d like to summarize my talk and in the sense that the properties of the properties and the skills that we &apos;ve taken out of the voyage age , and we &apos;ve gone out of a little bit of the machine in the age , so that we can call the cyrus , and that we can actually be able to be able to come back into this kind of technological way that we can &apos;t come back into our way .

