le texte complet de son discours est sans ambiguïté .
yet the full text of his speech tells it all .
the full text of his speech is unambiguous .
the full text of his speech is quite clear .

cette tactique est peut-être en train de fonctionner .
that tactic may be working .
this tactic may be operating .
this tactic is perhaps working .

l&apos; occident contre le reste du monde ?
the west versus the rest ?
the west against the rest of the world ?
the west against the rest of the world ?

est-ce la fin du boom ?
has the boom ended ?
is this the end of boom ?
is it the end of boom ?

sauvés par les taxes
saved by taxes
saved by taxes by taxes
saved by taxes .

accepter la science
embracing science
accepting science as a science
science will accept science

chez lui , le régime de m. assad rencontre également quelques difficultés .
at home , assad &apos;s regime also finds itself in a bind .
in his own country , mr assad &apos;s regime also has some difficulties .
at home , mr assad &apos;s regime also has some difficulties .

ces institutions peuvent et font souvent progresser les intérêts nationaux des etats-unis .
such institutions can and often do advance us national interests .
these institutions can and often advance the national interests of the united states .
these institutions can and often make progress with the national interests of the united states .

nous aurons de plus en plus besoin d&apos; actualiser notre pacte social .
first , we must update our social contract .
we will increasingly need to update our social pact .
we will increasingly need to update our social pact .

construire et solidifier ces institutions prend cependant du temps .
building and solidifying these institutions , however , takes time .
however , building and weakening these institutions takes time .
however , it is time for these institutions to build up and divisive up these institutions .

la nature de l&apos; indépendance octroyée a aussi son importance .
the nature of the independence bestowed is also important .
the nature of independence granted is also important .
the nature of the independence granted also has its importance .

pour cela , les gouvernements doivent employer aussi bien la carotte que le bâton .
for this , governments must deploy both the carrot and the stick .
in order to do this , governments must employ both the carrot and the stick .
for this reason , governments must use both the carrot and the stick .

d&apos; autres parlent de l&apos; importance d&apos; obéir à la « règle du jeu » .
others talk of the importance of obeying the ``rules of the game . &apos; &apos;
others talk about the importance of obeying the &apos; game rule &apos; .
others talk about the importance of obeying the &apos; rule of the game &apos; .

il est aussi possible qu&apos; il n&apos; ait pas cru ce qu&apos; il lisait .
it is also possible that he did not believe what he read .
it is also possible that he did not think what he read .
it is also possible that he did not believe what he read .

la lente croissance allemande , soutient-il , est un signe de convergence naturelle .
slow german growth , he maintains , is a sign of natural convergence .
the slow german growth , which is supported , is a sign of natural convergence .
it is a sign of natural convergence in german growth .

des mesures sont aussi nécessaires pour aider les jeunes à prendre de bonnes décisions .
second , policies should support young people as they strive to make good decisions .
measures are also needed to help young people take good decisions .
measures are also necessary to help young people take good decisions .

mais ce désir semble parfois accablant dans les démocraties post-modernes de tous les pays du monde entier .
but sometimes this desire seems overwhelming in post-modern democracies everywhere .
but this desire sometimes seems to be burdened in the modern post-democracies of all the countries around the world .
however , this desire sometimes seems to be burdened in the post-modern democracies of all countries throughout the world .

au-delà des libertés fondamentales et de notre système économique et social , avons-nous une société spécifique à défendre ?
beyond fundamental freedoms and economic prosperity , do we have a specific civilization to defend ?
over and above the fundamental freedoms and our economic and social system , do we have a specific society to defend ?
apart from fundamental freedoms and our economic and social system , do we have a specific society to defend ?

dans un premier temps , il s&apos; agit de la complexité et de la vulnérabilité de notre monde .
the first concerns the complexity and vulnerability of our world .
in the first instance , this is the complexity and vulnerability of our world .
first of all , this is the complexity and vulnerability of our world .

sous bien des aspects , 2005 représente l&apos; annus horibilis de l&apos; europe .
in many ways , 2005 has been europe &apos;s annus horibilis .
in many respects , 2005 represents the annus horiis of europe .
in many respects , 2005 represents the annus horiis of europe .

wal-mart et consorts constituent un élément central de notre époque de mondialisation moderne .
wal-mart and its ilk are a central feature of the modern era of globalization .
it is a central element of our modern globalisation .
it is a central element of our modern globalisation times .

elle ne pourrait s&apos; inscrire dans les compétences de l&apos; union qu&apos; à condition que l&apos; ue devienne une véritable fédération .
it could only be a european matter , if the eu were a real federation .
it could only be part of the union &apos;s competences if the eu becomes a real federation .
it could not be included in the competences of the union unless the eu becomes a genuine federation .

je considère d&apos; ailleurs que l&apos; une de mes tâches est d&apos; encourager les contacts entre ces groupes et les autorités .
indeed , i view one of my tasks as being to facilitate contacts between these groups and the authorities .
i also consider that one of my tasks is to encourage contacts between these groups and authorities .
i also consider that one of my tasks is to encourage contacts between these groups and the authorities .

la commission européenne a fait une proposition en 2005 , au moment même où la constitution était soumise aux votes .
the european commission submitted a proposal in 2005 -- just as the constitution was being put up for a vote .
the european commission made a proposal in 2005 , at the same time as the constitution was put to the vote .
the european commission made a proposal in 2005 , at the same time as the constitution was submitted to the vote .

mais il est facile pour les hommes politiques d&apos; agir de manière irresponsable quand il s&apos; agit de politique monétaire .
but it &apos;s easy for politicians to be irresponsible about monetary policy .
but it is easy for politicians to act responsibly when it comes to monetary policy .
but it is easy for politicians to act responsibly when it comes to monetary policy .

nous avons pourtant une chance de voir poindre la lumière au bout du tunnel avec leur remplacement progressif .
but as they fade away , there could be some light at the end of the tunnel .
however , we have a chance to see the light at the end of the tunnel with their progressive replacement .
however , we have a chance to see the light at the end of the tunnel with their progressive replacement .

mais des prix bas pour les arts du spectacle ne résolvent pas l&apos; épineux problème de l&apos; accès des jeunes .
but cheap prices for the performing arts do not solve the thorny problem of access for youth .
but low prices for the performing arts do not solve the thorny problem of access for young people .
but low prices for the arts do not solve the thorny problem of access for young people .

le problème le plus important reste l&apos; incapacité européenne à accélérer son rythme de croissance et à offrir des emplois à ses citoyens .
the deepest problem is europe &apos;s inability to grow at more than a snail &apos;s pace and to provide jobs to its citizens .
the most important problem remains the european inability to speed up its rate of growth and to provide jobs for its citizens .
the most important problem remains the european inability to speed up its rate of growth and to offer jobs to its citizens .

le traité du protocole de kyoto est désormais entré en vigueur pour les 126 nations qui l&apos; ont signé à ce jour .
the kyoto protocol treaty has now entered into force for the 126 nations who have joined it so far .
the treaty of the kyoto protocol has now entered into force for the 126 nations that have signed it to date .
the kyoto protocol treaty has now entered into force for the 126 nations that have signed it up to now .

les affaires ne se mènent pas au tribunal mais dans les réunions où la confiance et la réputation sont des éléments essentiels .
most business is not conducted in courts but in meetings where trust and reputation are essential .
cases do not take place in the court , but in meetings where trust and reputation are essential .
business does not lead to the court , but in meetings where confidence and reputation are essential elements .

les pays asiatiques en voie de développement produisent désormais des ordinateurs , des semi-conducteurs , des produits pharmaceutiques et des logiciels .
asian developing countries are now producers of computers , semiconductors , pharmaceuticals , and software .
the asian developing countries are now producing computers , semi-drivers , pharmaceutical products and software .
the asian developing countries are now producing computers , semi-drivers , pharmaceutical products and software .

à l&apos; heure actuelle , la plus grande partie du prix d&apos; un produit finance l&apos; énorme et inefficace organisation qui l&apos; a assemblé .
at present , most of the price of any product supports the huge , inefficient organization that assembled it .
at the moment , the largest part of the price of a product is finance the huge and ineffective organisation which has developed it .
at the moment , the largest part of the price of a product is financing the huge and ineffective organisation that has come up with it .

le conseil de sécurité de l&apos; onu représente-t-il l&apos; institution la plus compétente pour garantir l&apos; ordre et nous sauver de l&apos; anarchie ?
is the un security council the institution most capable of ensuring order and saving us from anarchy ?
does the un security council represent the most competent institution to ensure order and save us from anarchy ?
does the un security council represent the most competent institution to ensure the order and save us from anity ?

plus de la moitié des médicaments approuvés provoque un effet secondaire grave inconnu à l&apos; époque de son autorisation de mise sur le marché .
more than half of all approved drugs produce a serious adverse reaction that is not known at the time of regulatory approval .
more than half of the medicines approved cause a serious secondary effect that was unknown at the time of its marketing authorisation .
more than half of approved medicines causes a serious secondary effect at the time of its authorisation for marketing .

beaucoup ont le sentiment que la turquie n&apos; a pas sa place dans une société européenne fondée sur une culture et des traditions chrétiennes .
many feel that turkey simply does not fit into a european society based on christian traditions and culture .
many feel that turkey does not have its place in a european society based on christian culture and traditions .
many people feel that turkey does not have its place in a european society based on a culture and christian traditions .

une démocratie efficace doit leur donner un temps suffisant pour remporter l&apos; adhésion des représentants élus pour légiférer et pour appliquer leur programme .
an effective democracy must give them enough time to win the support of those elected to legislate and to carry out their program .
effective democracy must give them sufficient time to win the accession of elected representatives to legislate and to implement their programme .
effective democracy must give them sufficient time to win the accession of elected representatives to legislate and to apply their programme .

mais la perte de l&apos; esthétique et de la communauté ne se calcule pas simplement grâce à des statistiques sur les revenus et les prix .
but the loss of aesthetics and community is not easily captured in simple income and price statistics .
but the loss of esthma and of the community is not simply due to statistics on income and prices .
however , the loss of esthetical and the european community is not simply due to statistics on income and prices .

aussi improbable que ce soit , car la laïcité est fortement enracinée en turquie , ce risque ne peut être totalement écarté .
unlikely as it may be in view of turkey &apos;s deeply rooted secularism , such a risk cannot be totally excluded .
however unlikely it may be , because the secular is strongly rooted in turkey , this risk cannot be completely removed .
it is therefore unlikely that this may be , because the lain is strongly rooted in turkey , this risk cannot be completely excluded .

cinquante ans plus tôt , le 25 avril 1953 , james watson et francis crick publiaient une courte lettre dans le magazine scientifique
fifty years ago , on april 25 , 1953 , james watson and francis crick published a short letter in the science magazine
fifty years earlier , on 25 april 1953 , james watson and francrick ck published a short letter in the scientific magazine
fifty years earlier , on 25 april 1953 , mr watson and mr franck &apos;s concerns published a short letter in the scientific newspaper

il apparaît clairement que la nécessité d&apos; une intervention internationale en cas de crise dépend de chaque période spécifique , et une réaction rapide est souvent nécessaire .
clearly , the need for international intervention in crises is often time-specific and a fairly swift response is frequently required .
it is clear that the need for international intervention in the event of a crisis depends on each specific period , and rapid reaction is often necessary .
it is clear that the need for international intervention in the event of crisis depends on each specific period , and rapid reaction is often necessary .

ce mois-ci , une fois de plus , l&apos; eau occupe le devant de la scène au quatrième forum mondial de l&apos; eau de mexico .
this month , water once again takes center stage at the fourth world water forum in mexico city .
this month , once again , water is being dealt with at the fourth world water forum in mexico .
this month , once again , water is in the front stage at the fourth world water forum in mexico .

même si le budget finit par être adopté , la présidence autrichienne , qui s&apos; ouvre le 1er janvier , ne manquera absolument pas d&apos; affaires déprimantes .
even if a budget is adopted , there is no lack of depressing business for the austrian presidency , which starts on january 1 .
even if the budget ends up being adopted , the austrian presidency , which is opening up on 1 january , will certainly not be deprived of cases .
even if the budget ends up being adopted , the austrian presidency , which is opening on 1 january , will certainly not be dispriced .

une autre théorie , plus plausible , est qu&apos; au cours des quinze dernières années plusieurs défis extérieurs , ou chocs , ont simultanément ébranlé le pays .
another , more plausible theory is that over the past fifteen years there have been various external challenges or shocks that have hit the country simultaneously .
another theory , more plausible , is that in the last 15 years a number of external challenges , or shocks , have simultaneously shaken the country .
another theory , more plausible , is that in the last 15 years several external challenges , or shocks , at the same time undermined the country .

les grandes découvertes capitales de 1953 reposaient sur la physique expérimentale telle qu&apos; elle était pratiquée à cambridge depuis la fin du 19e siècle .
the great breakthroughs of 1953 rested on the strength of experimental physics at cambridge , beginning in the late 19th century .
the great discoveries of 1953 were based on the experimental physical exercise as it was carried out in cambridge since the end of the 19th century .
the great capitals of 1953 were based on the experimental physical physical as it was carried out since the end of the 19th century .

mais au moins , les actions fiscales d&apos; un pays ne devraient pas être dissimulées dans les notes obscures de bas de page de ses budgets .
but at least a country &apos;s fiscal actions should not be hidden in its budgets &apos; obscure methodological footnotes .
at least , however , the tax actions of a country should not be concealed in the obscure notes of its budgets .
but at least the tax actions of a country should not be concealed in the dark notes of its budgets .

dans les autres pays , comme le guatemala et des parties de la région andine , les divisions sociales restent entachées de violence et de méfiance .
in other places - for example , guatemala and parts of the andean region - social divisions remain fraught with violence and distrust .
in other countries , such as guatemala and parts of the andean region , the social divisions remain violence and mistrust .
in the other countries , such as guatemala and parts of the andean region , social divisions continue to begin violence and distrust .

ils ponctuent leurs conversations de conjonctions qui limitent la portée de leurs arguments : &quot; mais , &quot; &quot; cependant , &quot; &quot; bien que . &quot;
they sprinkle their conversations with linguistic qualifiers that limit the reach of their arguments : ‘ but , &apos; ‘ however , &apos; ‘ although . &apos;
they are punishing their combined talks which restrict the scope of their arguments : &apos; but &apos; , &apos; , &apos; even &apos; , &apos; although &apos; .
they one-off their meetings of combined talks which limit the scope of their arguments : &apos; but , &apos; but &apos; , &apos; well &apos; . &apos;

ces recherches ont découvert les conditions et les mécanismes déclencheurs nécessaires pour faciliter la constitution autonome de petits groupes opportunistes et pour leur permettre de se comporter comme de grandes entreprises .
the research noted the conditions and triggers needed to facilitate the self-assembly of small opportunistic groups and enable them to act like large companies .
these research found the conditions and mechanisms needed to facilitate the autonomous constitution of small opportunistic groups and to enable them to behave as big business .
these research has discovered the conditions and mechanisms necessary to facilitate the autonomous constitution of small and timely groups and to enable them to behave like large companies .

l&apos; objectif le plus important pour mon bureau est que chacun apprenne à mieux défendre ses droits , et que les autorités prennent en compte les plaintes des citoyens russes ordinaires .
the most important strategic goal of my office is that people learn how to defend their rights better , and to make the authorities take the complaints of ordinary russians into consideration .
the most important objective for my office is for everyone to learn to defend their rights better , and for the authorities to take account of the complaints of ordinary russian citizens .
the most important objective for my office is that everyone can better defend his rights , and that the authorities take account of the complaints of ordinary russian citizens .

en moyenne , les niveaux des salaires dans les dix pays qui ont rejoint l&apos; ue en 2004 ne représentent que 14 % de ceux de l&apos; allemagne de l&apos; ouest .
on average , wage costs in the ten countries that joined the eu in 2004 are only 14 % of the west german level .
on average , wage levels in the ten countries that joined the eu in 2004 represent only 14 % of those in west germany .
on average , wage levels in the ten countries that joined the eu in 2004 represent only 14 % of those of west germany .

les attaques de madrid , bali et londres , ainsi que plusieurs tentatives déjouées aux états-unis et en grande-bretagne , étaient toutes caractérisées par leur organisation dispersée .
the madrid , london , and bali attacks , as well as several thwarted operations in the united states and britain , were all characterized by their dispersed organization .
the attacks in madrid , bali and london , together with a number of attempts being made in the united states and great britain , were all characterised by their scattered organisation .
the attacks in madrid , bali and london , as well as a number of attempts in the united states and britain , were all characterised by their disguised organisation .

il est en quelque sorte valable de penser aux gouvernements comme à des entités entrant en compétition ( apportant un meilleur service à leur peuple que d&apos; autres gouvernements ) .
in another sense , however , it is valuable to think of governments as being in competition--providing a more effective service to their people than other governments .
it is , in some ways , a good idea to think of governments and entities that compete with each other ( providing a better service to their people than other governments ) .
it is , in some way , valid to think of governments and entities entering into competition ( providing a better service to their people than other governments ) .

certes , beaucoup d&apos; européens , et d&apos; autres , considèreraient la simulation vidéo de holmes reproduisant le développement de wal-mart comme un film d&apos; horreur .
indeed , many europeans , and others , will view holmes &apos;s video simulation of wal-mart &apos;s spread as a horror film .
of course , many europeans , and others , would see the video video of holmes reproducing the development of wal-mart as a horror film .
of course , many europeans , and others , would consider the video of holmes to reproduce the development of wal-mart as a film of horror .

en allemagne , les électeurs semblent sur le point d&apos; éjecter le chancelier gerhard schroeder , car son allégeance tiède au projet néolibéral leur déplaît .
in germany , the electorate seems poised to eject chancellor gerhard schroeder out of discontent with his tepid allegiance to the neo-liberal project .
in germany , the voters seem to be on the point of empowering chancellor gerhard aseder , because his claim to the neo-liberal project does not like it .
in germany , the voters seem to be looking at the point of giving chancellor gerhard eder , because his depletion gives to the neo-liberal project .

en politique , cette situation peut se révéler dangereuse car elle encourage les décisions rapides , quelles que soit leur importance , en fonction de l&apos; opinion populaire qui prévaut momentanément .
in politics this can be dangerous , because it encourages basing decisions , no matter how weighty , on whatever popular opinion momentarily prevails .
in politics , this situation may be dangerous , because it encourages rapid decisions , whatever their importance , depending on the popular opinion that prevails in momentous times .
in politics , this situation can be dangerous because it encourages rapid decisions , regardless of their importance , depending on the popular opinion that exists at the moment .

en outre , le gouvernement a encouragé les dirigeants du republika srpska de bosnie à menacer d&apos; organiser leur propre référendum sur la séparation d&apos; une bosnie encore fragile .
moreover , the government has encouraged the leaders of bosnia &apos;s republika srpska to threaten to hold their own referendum on separation from a still fragile bosnia .
furthermore , the government has encouraged the leaders of republika srpska in bosnia to threaten to organise their own referendum on the separation of still fragile bosnia .
furthermore , the government has encouraged the leaders of republika srpska to threaten to organise their own referendum on the separation of an even fragile bosnia .

en d&apos; autres termes , nous devons agir en étant conscients que le changement climatique et ses effets sur les habitants des pays riches et pauvres demeurent une menace pour la sécurité mondiale .
in other words , we must act in accordance with the recognition that climate change and its effects on people in both rich and poor countries remains a threat to global security .
in other words , we need to take action in view of the fact that climate change and its effects on the inhabitants of rich and poor countries remain a threat to global security .
in other words , we must act as we know that climate change and its effects on the inhabitants of rich and poor countries remain a threat to global security .

cela s&apos; est produit après l&apos; extension inconstitutionnelle du mandat du président libanais , émile lahoud , malgré les mises en garde françaises et américaines , imposée de force par m. assad en septembre .
this came after assad last september imposed an unconstitutional extension of lebanese president emile lahoud &apos;s mandate , despite french and american warnings .
this happened after the unconstitutional extension of the mandate of the lebanese president , breeders , despite the french and us guard , imposed by mr assad in september .
this happened after the inconstitutional extension of the mandate of the lebanese president , mrs lad , despite the french and american warning , imposed by mr assad in september .

les prix dans les villes glamour tomberont de manière significative à la prochaine récession ou quand l&apos; économie souffrira sont prochain choc important ou encore si les taux d&apos; intérêt augmentent trop rapidement .
prices in glamour cities are likely to drop sharply the next time there is a serious recession , or if the local economy suffers a severe shock , or if interest rates rise too fast .
prices in the glamour cities have a significant impact on the next recession or when the economy will suffer the next major shock , or if interest rates increase too quickly .
prices in glamour towns are significantly in the next recession , or when the economy is going to suffer next , or even if interest rates increase too quickly .

dans les années d&apos; élection , la politique monétaire peut servir à stimuler , si ce n&apos; est plus , une économie , tout comme la politique fiscale , et c&apos; est là l&apos; objectif des politiciens .
monetary policy can be used to stimulate an economy just as much as fiscal policy , if not more , in election years , which politicians will always want to do .
in the years of election , monetary policy can serve to stimulate , if it is no longer , an economy , as well as fiscal policy , and that is the objective of politicians .
in the years of election , monetary policy can serve to stimulate , if it is no longer , a economy , as well as fiscal policy , and that is the objective of politicians .

l&apos; échec du projet annan pour chypre suggère que les bonnes intentions ne suffisent pas -- et les désaccords à chypre étaient minuscules comparé à ce qui divise israéliens et palestiniens .
the failure of the annan plan for cyprus suggests that good intentions are not enough -- and the disagreements in cyprus were miniscule compared to what divides israelis and palestinians .
the failure of the annan project for cyprus suggests that good intentions are not enough - and the disagreements in cyprus were minerals compared to what divides israelis and palestinians .
the failure of the annan project to cyprus suggests that good intentions are not enough - and the disagreements in cyprus were minus compared with what is to be israeli and palestinian .

par exemple , la douma a mis beaucoup trop de temps à adopter une législation sur les groupes de pression , qui dans la plupart des démocraties développées définit clairement les comportements acceptables et inacceptables .
for example , the duma has taken far too long to enact a law on lobbying , which in most developed democracies clearly defines what constitutes acceptable and unacceptable behavior .
for example , the duma has put too long to adopt legislation on pressure groups , which , in most developed democracies , clearly defines acceptable and unacceptable behaviour .
for example , the duma has put too much time to adopt legislation on pressure groups , which in most developed democracies clearly defines acceptable and unacceptable behaviour .

le rôle précieux de la société civile dans l&apos; expression des opinions communautaires que les gouvernements ne peuvent atteindre est également reconnu , mais sa relation au gouvernement et au monde des affaires se caractérise plus souvent par le conflit que la coopération .
the valuable role of civil society in giving voice to communities that governments cannot reach is also recognized , but its relationship with government and business is often characterized more by conflict than cooperation .
the valuable role of civil society in the expression of community opinions that governments cannot achieve is also recognised , but its relationship with the government and the business world is more often characterised by conflict than cooperation .
the valuable role of civil society in the expression of community opinions that governments cannot achieve is also recognised , but its relationship to the government and the business world is increasingly characterised by the conflict than cooperation .

ce fut un paradoxe tragique que de voir le mouvement politique qui avait si pacifiquement balayé la chine en 1989 finir par arrêter le processus de réforme large et évolutionniste auquel zhao avait consacré toute sa vie .
it was a tragic paradox that the political movement that so peacefully swept china in 1989 ended up arresting the process of broad-based , evolutionary reform to which zhao consecrated his life .
it was a tragic paradox that the political movement that had so peacefully swept china out of 1989 by putting an end to the process of broad and progressive reform that zhao had devoted to its entire life .
it was a tragic paradox that the political movement that had been so peaceful in china in 1989 would end the process of broad and evolving reform to which zhao had devoted its entire life .

cela implique l&apos; affrontement d&apos; une myriade de groupes d&apos; intérêts , depuis les lobbies industriels jusqu&apos; aux syndicats et aux bureaucrates figés , qui ont ( jusqu&apos; à présent ) réussi à protéger leur domaine .
that means facing down the myriad interest groups -- from industry lobbies to trade unions and entrenched bureaucracies -- that have ( so far ) successfully protected their turfs .
this means the confrontation of a myriad of interest groups , from industrial lobbies to trade unions and fibre bureaucrats , which have so far succeeded in protecting their area .
this means the conflict of a myriad of interest groups , since industrial lobbies up to trade unions and fired bureaucrats , who have so far succeeded in protecting their areas .

il ne s&apos; agit donc pas de savoir s&apos; il reste des traces de ces armes - il doit bien en rester dans les sites de stockage - mais s&apos; il en reste en quantité suffisante pour constituer une menace .
the test is not whether traces of those weapons remain , as such traces will be found at disposal sites , but whether those weapons were poised for use in threatening amounts .
it is not , therefore , a question of whether these weapons are still in existence - it must remain in storage sites - but if it remains in sufficient quantities to pose a threat .
that is why it is not a question of whether there are still signs of these weapons - it must remain in storage sites - but if there is enough to be a threat .

avec des structures plus simples composées d&apos; un nombre moins élevé d&apos; atomes , la chimie pourrait apporter des informations essentielles sur les dispositions atomiques et une solution pourrait alors être trouvée par essais et erreurs .
with simpler structures made up of small numbers of atoms , chemistry could provide considerable guidance as to the atomic arrangements , and a solution could thus often be found by trial and error .
with simpler structures that have been made up of a lower number of nuclear equipment , the chemical could provide essential information on the nuclear provisions and a solution could then be found by testing and errors .
with more simple structures of a lower number of nuclear power stations , chia could provide essential information on atomic provisions and a solution could then be found by testing and errors .

l&apos; augmentation des flux de biens , de capitaux et de connaissances dans le monde entier entraîne que les organisations étrangères et les individus ont une plus grande influence , compliquant plus encore la tâche des gouvernements nationaux préoccupés par la gestion interne de leurs propres nations .
increased flows of goods , money , and knowledge around the world mean that foreign organizations and individuals become more influential , making it increasingly difficult for national governments manage their countries by themselves .
increasing the flow of goods , capital and knowledge throughout the world means that foreign organisations and individuals have greater influence , making it even more difficult for national governments concerned about the internal management of their own nations .
the increase in the flow of goods , capital and knowledge throughout the world leads to greater influence on foreign organisations and individuals , even more complicating the task of national governments concerned by the internal management of their own nations .

mais la véritable difficulté pour mon bureau n&apos; est ni l&apos; ignorance ni les lacunes légales : c&apos; est le fait que dans un système juridique insuffisamment développé comme celui de la russie , mon autorité est essentiellement personnelle , et requiert l&apos; appui des médias .
but the real problem for my office is neither ignorance nor legal infirmity , it is that in an under-developed legal system such as russia &apos;s , my authority is mostly personal , and requires help from the mass media .
but the real difficulty for my office is neither ignorance nor legal loopholes : it is the fact that in an insufficiently developed legal system such as russia , my authority is essentially personal , and requires media support .
but the real difficulty for my office is neither ignorance nor legal shortcomings : it is the fact that in an insufficiently developed legal system such as russia , my authority is mainly personal , and requires media support .

bien que les hommes politiques de la droite modérée se réclament formellement des idéologies traditionnelles , le libéralisme ou le conservatisme par exemple , leur électorat , peu habitué aux concepts politiques occidentaux , ne comprend pas toujours la signification de ces termes .
although right-of-center politicians in central european countries formally embrace traditional ideologies , for example , liberalism or conservatism , their electorates , unfamiliar with western political philosophies , do not always understand the real meaning of those terms .
although moderate politicians in the moderate right are formally calling for traditional ideologies , liberalism or conservative , for example , their electorate , which are not used to the western political concepts , do not always understand the meaning of these terms .
although politicians in the moderate right are formally calling for traditional ideologies , liberalism or conservative , for example , their electorate , which is not used to the western political concepts , does not always understand the significance of these terms .

les enquêtes menées par la banque mondiale dans les pays en développement montrent que , quand on demande aux populations pauvres de nommer les trois défis les plus importants qu&apos; ils rencontrent , leur « bonne santé » fait toujours partie de cette liste .
surveys undertaken by the world bank in developing countries show that , when poor people are asked to name the three most important concerns they face , &quot; good health &quot; is always mentioned .
the investigations carried out by the world bank in developing countries show that , when people are asked to appoint the three most important challenges they face , their &apos; good health &apos; is still part of this list .
the world bank &apos;s investigations into developing countries show that , when we ask the poor people to appoint the three most important challenges they face , their &apos; good health &apos; is still part of this list .

depuis le début des années 1980 , l&apos; amérique latine s&apos; est retrouvée bloquée , avec des revenus par habitant croissant lentement ( si revenus il y avait ) dans la majorité de la région et avec une grande crise à répétition .
since the early 1980 &apos;s , latin america has been stuck , with per capita incomes growing slowly ( if at all ) in most of the region , and with one big crisis following another .
since the beginning of the 1980s , latin america has been blocked , with growing incomes per capita ( if there were any income ) in the majority of the region and with a major repeat crisis .
since the beginning of the 1980s , latin america has been blocked , with growing income per capita ( if there were income ) in the majority of the region and with a great deal of crisis .

malheureusement , dans un effort qui fut largement perçu comme une nouvelle tentative pour saper le multilatéralisme , les etats-unis ont essayé de prendre la tête d&apos; un « groupe central » de programme d&apos; assistance , ignorant les efforts incessants au sein de la région et sous l&apos; égide des nations unies .
unfortunately , in an effort that was widely seen as another attempt to undermine multilateralism , the us tried to lead a &quot; core group &quot; driving the assistance program , ignoring ongoing efforts within the region and at the un .
unfortunately , in an effort which was widely seen as a new attempt to undermine multilateralism , the united states has tried to take the lead of a &apos; central group &apos; of assistance programme , ignoring the constant efforts in the region and under the aegis of the united nations .
unfortunately , in an effort that was widely seen as a new attempt to undermine multilateralism , the united states has tried to take the lead of a &apos; central group &apos; programme of assistance , ignoring the continuing efforts in the region and under the aegis of the united nations .

ainsi , les institutions européennes devraient laisser tomber leur approche paternaliste et prendre au sérieux les inquiétudes des banques centrales des pays candidats au sujet des risques liés au maintien de leur propre monnaie sur une longue période au cours de laquelle leur économie doit s&apos; ouvrir totalement aux mouvements de capitaux .
so european institutions should abandon their paternalistic approach and take seriously the concerns of accession countries &apos; central bankers about the risks of maintaining their own currencies for a long period during which their economies have to open up completely to capital flows .
thus , the european institutions should leave their paternalistic approach and take seriously the concerns of the central banks in the candidate countries about the risks of maintaining their own currency over a long period in which their economy must be fully open to capital movements .
thus , the european institutions should leave their paternalistic approach and take seriously the concerns of the central banks of the applicant countries about the risks associated with the maintenance of their own currency over a long period in which their economy must be fully open to capital movements .

autrefois , en termes budgétaires , le grand perdant des mécanismes européens était le royaume-uni . à l&apos; époque où les deux tiers des dépenses européennes revenaient à l&apos; agriculture , son secteur agricole était faible et par conséquent , les britanniques ont peu bénéficié des subventions agricoles européennes .
in the past , the big loser from the eu system , in budgetary terms , was the uk ; for while agriculture accounted for two thirds of all eu spending , the uk had a small farm sector , and therefore received small farm payments .
once , in budgetary terms , the great peril of european mechanisms was the united kingdom , at a time when the two thirds of european expenditure returned to agriculture , its agricultural sector was weak and , therefore , the british had little to do with european agricultural subsidies .
in the past , in budgetary terms , the great peril of european mechanisms was the united kingdom , at a time when the two thirds of european expenditure returned to agriculture , its agricultural sector was low and therefore the british have not benefited from european agricultural subsidies .

de nos jours , il est souvent dit que le sens de la solidarité de l&apos; union européenne a été mis en danger , pour ne pas dire totalement qu&apos; il a totalement explosé , par l&apos; élargissement vers les pays de l&apos; europe centrale et de l&apos; est .
nowadays it is often alleged that the european union &apos;s sense of solidarity was put in jeopardy , if not shattered outright , by its enlargement to take in the countries of central and eastern europe .
nowadays , it is often said that the sense of european union solidarity has been put at risk , not to say completely that it has explored , by enlargement to the countries of central and eastern europe .
it is often said that the sense of solidarity of the european union has been put at risk , not to say completely that it has completely explored , with enlargement to the countries of central europe and eastern europe .

mais outre les déficits officiellement mesurés des gouvernements actuels , il faut également compter avec certaines obligations imminentes provoquées par un changement démographique ( taux de natalité en baisse ) et avec la perspective de versements de sommes considérables pour les prestations sociales à l&apos; avenir .
but in addition to today &apos;s officially measured government deficits , there are also other looming obligations caused by a demographic change ( declining birth rates ) and the prospect of huge social-welfare payments in the future .
in addition to the officially measured deficits of the current governments , there are also certain imminent obligations arising from demographic change ( falling birth rates ) and the prospect of considerable payments for social benefits in the future .
however , in addition to the officially measured deficits of the current governments , there must also be some further obligations arising from demographic change ( lower birth rates ) and with the prospect of considerable sums of money for social benefits in the future .

mais la mort récente du pacte de croissance et de stabilité , tué par l&apos; allemagne , son père , avec une france jouant le rôle du co-conspirateur et de complice complaisant , nous rappelle une leçon essentielle : les politiciens élus trouvent difficile , sinon impossible , de renoncer à un pouvoir immense dans le domaine de la politique fiscale .
but the recent death of the stability and growth pact-killed off by germany , its father , with france acting as co-conspirator and willing accomplice-reminds us of a key lesson : elected politicians find it hard , if not impossible , to relinquish substantial power in the area of fiscal policy .
but the recent death of the growth and stability pact , killed by germany , its father , with a france that has the role of the co-contor and accomplices , reminds us of an essential lesson : elected politicians find it difficult , if not impossible , to abandon huge power in the field of fiscal policy .
however , the recent death of the growth and stability pact , killed by germany , its father , with a france which uses the role of co-congolese and complicating this comam , reminds us of an essential lesson : elected politicians find it difficult , otherwise impossible , to give up a huge power in the field of fiscal policy .

cette expression de fierté nationale blessée fut possible après l&apos; extraordinaire performance de l&apos; équipe sud-coréenne lors de la coupe du monde de football l&apos; été dernier , ce qui aida à convaincre les coréens de la pleine maturité de leur pays , et qui de ce fait peut maintenant se défendre sans la présence des 37 000 soldats américains .
this expression of wounded national pride was enabled by south korea &apos;s tremendous performance in the world cup football tournament last summer , which helped convince ordinary koreans that their country was fully grown up--and thus might be able to stand on its own without the presence of 37,000 us troops .
this expression of injured national pride was possible after the extraordinary performance of the south korean team during the football world cup last summer , which helped to convince the korean people of the full maturity of their country , and which can now defend themselves without the presence of 37 000 american soldiers .
this expression of injured national pride was possible after the extraordinary performance of the south korean team at the football world cup last summer , which would like to convince the korean people of the full maturity of their country and which can now defend themselves without the presence of 37 000 american soldiers .

en outre , puisque la grande-bretagne a été l&apos; un des avocats les plus fervents de l&apos; élargissement aux pays d&apos; europe centrale et orientale , l&apos; on aurait pu s&apos; attendre à ce que , lors des négociations budgétaires , le gouvernement de blair se montre proportionnellement aussi généreux qu&apos; enthousiaste envers les nouveaux entrants .
since britain had been one of the most insistent advocates of enlargement of the eu to the candidates from central and eastern europe , one might have expected that the blair government would have wished to be correspondingly generous to the new-comers in the conduct of the budgetary negotiations .
furthermore , since britain has been one of the most fervous lawyers of enlargement to include the countries of central and eastern europe , it could have been expected that , during the budget negotiations , the blair government would be proportionate as generous as enthusiastic as towards the new entrants .
furthermore , since britain has been one of the most important lawyers of enlargement to the countries of central and eastern europe , we could have expected that during the budget negotiations , the government of blair is as generous as the enthusiasm for the new entrants .

qui choisiriez-vous : un expert qui équilibre des arguments antagonistes et conclut que le résultat le plus probable est que rien ne va changer , ou un expert qui tient le public en haleine avec des histoires d&apos; islamistes radicaux qui prennent le contrôle et provoquent une flambée des prix du pétrole ?
whom would you pick : an expert who balances conflicting arguments and concludes that the likeliest outcome is more of the same , or an expert who gets viewers on the edge of their seats over radical islamists seizing control and causing oil prices to soar ?
do you think that an expert who strikes a balance between the arguments and concludes that the most likely result is that nothing will change , or an expert who will hold the public in halfway with radical islamists who take control and cause a rise in oil prices ?
i would like to say that an expert who balance the opposite arguments and concludes that the most likely result is that nothing is going to change , or an expert who is holding radical islamists with radical islamists who take control and cause a rise in oil prices ?

la réticence du conseil de sécurité à entériner l&apos; usage de la force pour appliquer ses propres résolutions sur la possession par l&apos; irak d&apos; armes de destruction massive a sonné le glas du fantasme vieux de plusieurs décennies qui considérait l&apos; onu comme le fondement de l&apos; ordre mondial .
what died with the security council &apos;s unwillingness to sanction force to implement its own resolutions on iraq &apos;s possession of weapons of mass destruction was the decades-old fantasy of the un as the bedrock of world order .
the reluctance of the security council to add to the use of force to apply its own resolutions on the possession of weapons of mass destruction by iraq has squeezed the glas of the old fantasy of several decades which considered the un as the basis for world order .
the reluctance of the security council to make use of the use of force to apply its own resolutions on the possession of weapons of mass destruction by iraq has squeezed the glas of the old ghshod of several decades which considered the un to be the foundation of the world order .

certes , la défense contre les missiles proposée par bill clinton ( à contrecoeur ) et george w. bush ( avec enthousiasme ) -- et soutenue massivement par le congrès américain- ne ressemble pas au rêve de guerre des etoiles fait par ronald reagan il y a vingt ans : le nmd ( nuclear missile defense ) , système américain de défense antimissiles nucléaires , n&apos; est censé attraper qu&apos; un nombre modeste d&apos; ogives et ne fournit donc pas une protection totale contre les missiles ennemis .
true , the defense against missiles which bill clinton ( reluctantly ) and george w. bush ( enthusiastically ) are proposing -- with massive support from america &apos;s congress -- is different from ronald reagan &apos;s star wars dream of twenty years ago : nmd is supposed to catch only a modest number of warheads , not provide complete protection against enemy missiles .
of course , the defence of the rockets proposed by bill clinton ( at the heart of it ) and george w. bush ( with enthusiasm ) - and with great support by congress - does not resemble the dream of the war in the ostars caused by reald agan twenty years ago : the nintd ( md ) , the us nuclear defence system , which is anti-nuclear missile defence , is supposed to catch only a modest amount of effort and therefore does not provide full protection against the enemies of missile .
it is true that defence against the rocks proposed by bill clinton ( at the heart ) and george w. bush ( with enthusiasm ) - and strongly supported by the congress - does not seem to be the dream of the wetoils war by ronan reagan 20 years ago : the nmd ( cd ) , the american system of defence of anti-nuclear attacks , is supposed to make sure that a modest number of oassault and therefore does not provide full protection against enemies .

enfin , presque tout le monde convient que les gouvernements , les institutions à but non-lucratif et les compagnies pétrolières devraient consacrer beaucoup plus d&apos; argent à la recherche sur des technologies énergétiques sans émission de bioxyde de carbone , ou capables d&apos; enlever les polluants de l&apos; atmosphère et des océans et ainsi de refroidir la planète en renvoyant davantage le rayonnement solaire .
finally , almost everyone agrees that governments , non-profit institutions , and energy companies should be spending far more to develop technologies that generate non-carbon-emitting power , that remove it from the atmosphere to forests or oceans , and that cool the earth by reflecting more of the sunlight that lands on it .
at last , almost everyone agrees that governments , institutions for non-profit-making purposes and oil companies should devote much more money to research into energy technologies without the emission of bioxxides of carbon , or able to lift the pollutants of the oceans and oceans and thus recooling the planet by referring more to solar radiation radiation .
at last , almost everyone agrees that governments , non-profit institutions and oil companies should spend much more money on energy technologies without carbon emissions , or able to lift the pollutants of the atmosphere and the oceans and the oceans , and thereby regeneration the planet by giving more solar radiation .

