peut-on leur opposer autre chose que les libertés individuelles ?
can we oppose them with anything but individual rights ?
can they oppose anything other than individual freedoms ?
can they oppose anything other than individual freedoms ?

alors , où cela nous mène-t-il ?
so , where does this leave us ?
so where is this going to happen ?
so where does this lead us ?

encore une étape cruciale pour les balkans
another balkan high noon
another crucial step for the balkans is still a crucial one .
yet another crucial step for the balkans

c&apos; est une énorme erreur .
this is a major mistake .
this is a huge mistake .
this is a huge mistake .

la technique de l&apos;
the technique of
the technical nature of the technology
technical technology

pourtant , pour la plupart , nous ne voyons pas les choses ainsi .
but most people don &apos;t see things this way .
however , for most of us , we do not see things like that .
for most of us , however , we do not see that .

la convertibilité complète du compte courant a suivi en août 1994 .
full convertibility on the current account followed in august 1994 .
the full convergence of the current account has been followed in august 1994 .
the full conversion of the knowledge of the record was followed in august 1994 .

l&apos; industrie de la production cinématographique en est un exemple flagrant .
a conspicuous example already exists in the movie production industry .
the film production industry is a clear example of this .
the film production industry is a clear example of this .

il est possible que l&apos; onu ne disparaisse pas intégralement .
perhaps the entire un will not disappear .
it is possible for the un not to disappear fully .
it is possible for the un not to disappear fully .

et l&apos; accroissement de l&apos; abstention rend cela quasi-impossible .
but rising abstention makes this virtually impossible .
this is almost impossible , and the increase in abstention makes it almost impossible .
the increase in abstention makes it almost impossible .

il apparaît aujourd&apos; hui que les estimations de lindsey étaient grossièrement sous-estimées .
it now appears that lindsey &apos;s numbers were a gross underestimate .
it is now apparent that the estimates of the ban were fundamentally underestimated .
today , it appears that the estimates of employers were extremely underestimated .

certains s&apos; en sont effrayés , d&apos; autres ont versé des larmes de joie .
some were frightened , others wept with joy .
some have been frightened of this , others have paid tears of joy .
some of them were frightened , others have paid some joy .

les rares exceptions sont généralement dues aux interventions mesurées ou persévérantes de certains gouvernements .
the few exceptions have been due largely to continued or new progressive government interventions .
the few exceptions are generally due to the measured or persistent interventions of certain governments .
the few exceptions are generally due to the measured or persistent interventions of some governments .

ce qui s&apos; applique aux enfants et aux adultes s&apos; applique également aux institutions internationales .
what &apos;s true of children and adults is also true of international institutions .
what applies to children and adults also applies to international institutions .
what applies to children and adults also applies to international institutions .

les difficultés à déterminer les causes et les effets doivent être prises en compte .
the difficulties in determining cause and effect must be acknowledged .
the difficulties in determining the causes and effects must be taken into account .
the difficulties in determining the causes and effects must be taken into account .

m. assad entre maintenant en phase de consolidation , ce qui laisse peu de place pour les réformes .
assad is now in a consolidation phase , leaving little room for reform .
mr assad is now in a phase of consolidation , which leaves little room for reform .
mr assad is now in the consolidation phase , which leaves little room for reforms .

les politiciens sont prêts à se donner beaucoup de mal pour satisfaire leurs partisans et remporter les élections .
politicians are willing to go to great lengths to please their supporters and win elections .
politicians are prepared to give themselves a great deal of difficulty in meeting their supporters and replacing the elections .
politicians are prepared to give themselves a great deal of difficulty in meeting their supporters and win the elections .

le moulin à paroles surgissant sur l&apos; east river à new york continuera à geindre .
the looming chatterbox on new york &apos;s east river will also continue to bleat .
mr mulin &apos;s words on the east to new york will continue to put it .
the moulin of words on the east of new york will continue to put it .

personne ne prétend qu&apos; il est possible d&apos; altérer ou de prévenir les forces de la nature .
no one pretends that we can prevent or alter the forces of nature .
no one claims that it is possible to alter or prevent the forces of nature .
nobody claims that it is possible to change or prevent the forces of nature .

aucune génération ne devrait être obligée d&apos; accepter les risques économiques inutiles imposés par une autre génération .
no generation should be forced to accept unnecessary economic risks imposed by another generation .
no generation should be obliged to accept unnecessary economic risks imposed by another generation .
no generation should be obliged to accept unnecessary economic risks imposed by another generation .

en se trouvant en déficit , un pays accroît sa dette nationale et impose une charge sur les générations à venir .
by running a deficit , a country increases its national debt and imposes burdens on future generations .
in deficit , a country increases its national debt and imposes a burden on future generations .
in deficit , a country increases its national debt and imposes a burden on future generations .

au moyen-orient , tout le monde attend l&apos; arrivée d&apos; un nouvel anouar sadat dans le monde arabe .
in the middle east , everyone waits for a new anwar sadat to arise among the arabs .
in the middle east , everyone expects a new anouar sadat to arrive in the arab world .
everyone in the middle east is waiting for a new anouar sadat in the arab world .

la réserve mit du temps à entamer le processus de normalisation des taux et elle en paie maintenant le prix .
the fed was late in beginning the interest-rate normalization process , and it is now paying a price .
the reserve of time to start the standardisation process of rates and is now paying the price .
the reserve of time to start the process of standardisation of rates and it is now paying the price .

dans ces circonstances , il n&apos; y a aucune bonne raison d&apos; attendre encore avant de relever les taux directeurs .
in these circumstances , there is no good reason to wait to raise interest rates .
under these circumstances , there is no good reason to wait yet before we meet the guiding rates .
in these circumstances , there is no good reason to wait yet before we meet the guiding rates .

lorsque des ennemis nous attaquent , il faut certes répliquer immédiatement sans trop se poser de questions .
of course , when enemies are already attacking , one cannot afford to ask too many questions .
when enemies attack us , it is true that we must immediately re-ask questions without too many questions .
when enemies attack us , there is certainly a need to respond immediately without too many questions .

nous ne sommes pas non plus en train de tenter de juger s&apos; il existait des moyens plus rentables de faire la guerre .
nor do we attempt to assess whether there were more cost-effective ways of waging the war .
nor are we trying to judge whether there are more profitable means of war .
nor are we trying to judge whether there were more profitable means of doing war .

il n&apos; y a bien sûr aucune relation de simple cause à effet qui lie la pauvreté et l&apos; inégalité à la violence .
of course , there is no simple causal relationship linking poverty and inequality to violence .
there is , of course , no simple relationship to the effect of poverty and inequality in violence .
there is , of course , no simple relationship because of poverty and inequality in violence .

le début des négociations , il y a six mois , coïncide avec le début de la présidence britannique du conseil européen .
when negotiations started six months ago , it was britain &apos;s turn to take over the presidency of the european council .
the start of the negotiations six months ago coincide with the start of the british presidency of the european council .
the beginning of the negotiations six months ago , together with the beginning of the british presidency of the european council .

les prochains jours et les prochaines semaines pourront seuls nous dire si l&apos; évacuation se passe paisiblement ou pas .
only the next days and weeks will tell whether the evacuation proceeds peacefully or not .
the next few days and weeks will only be able to tell us whether the evacuation is going on unfairly or not .
the next few days and the next few weeks will be able to tell us whether the evacuation is going through or not .

les partis chrétiens-démocrates liés à l&apos; église et les partis libéraux ont été dans une certaine mesure marginalisés .
christian-democratic parties , associated with the catholic church , and the liberals have been to some extent marginalized .
the christian democrat parties linked to the church and liberal parties have been to some extent marginalised .
the christian democrats linked to the church and the liberal parties were to some extent marginalised .

inversement si nous sommes avares aujourd&apos; hui envers les pauvres , nous devons être généreux avec nos descendants .
likewise , if we are stingy today toward the world &apos;s poor , we should be lavish toward our descendents .
we have to be generous with our downwards if we are now on the back of the poor , and we have to be generous with our downwards .
we must be generous with our backs if we are at present in favour of the poor , and we must be generous with our backs .

bizarrement , alors même qu&apos; il n&apos; est pas certain que le nmd aboutisse , le débat bat son plein .
amazingly , debate is heating up even though it is uncertain that nmd will work .
however , even though it is not certain that the nmd is successful , the debate is full .
however , even though it is not certain that the nmd will succeed , the debate is fighting for its full .

ces programmes ont permis d&apos; augmenter le nombre d&apos; élèves dans le secondaire au mexique , en equateur , au bangladesh et au cambodge .
these programs have successfully increased secondary school enrollment in countries like mexico , ecuador , bangladesh , and cambodia .
these programmes have made it possible to increase the number of pupils in the secondary country in mexico , the donor , bangladesh and cambodia .
these programmes have made it possible to increase the number of pupils in the secondary in mexico , the legislator , bangladesh and cambodia .

les programmes correspondants doivent être bien conçus , convenablement ciblés et coordonnés de manière à fournir un encouragement adéquat à ses bénéficiaires .
such programs must be well designed , targeted , and coordinated to give the right incentives to beneficiaries .
the corresponding programmes must be well designed , properly targeted and coordinated in such a way as to provide adequate encouragement for its beneficiaries .
the relevant programmes must be well designed , properly targeted and coordinated in order to provide adequate encouragement to its beneficiaries .

la demande mondiale de poisson est en augmentation , ainsi que la capacité mondiale de pêche , ce qui menace d&apos; extinction certaines espèces .
global demand for fish consumption is growing , and so , too , is the global capacity to catch fish , driving some species to the point of extinction .
the global demand for fish is increasing , as well as the global fishing capacity , which threatens the extinction of certain species .
the global demand for fish is increasing , as well as the global fishing capacity , which threatens to mention certain species .

si les orchestres ne s&apos; occupent pas de leur propre avenir , ils risquent tout simplement de ne pas en avoir .
if orchestras don &apos;t look after their own futures , they may well not have one to look after .
if orchesters do not deal with their own future , they simply risk not having them .
if the orchesters do not deal with their own future , they simply risk not having them .

les partisans d&apos; un déficit ininterrompu le dépeignent souvent comme un mal nécessaire pour rétablir une économie dans laquelle la confiance s&apos; effrite .
those who advocate running deficits often portray them as necessary to fix an economy in which confidence is draining away .
supporters of an uninterrupted deficit often paint it as a necessary evil to restore an economy in which confidence is collapsed .
those in favour of an uninterrupted deficit often depleting it as a bad thing to restore a economy in which confidence is falling .

les réussites de l&apos; europe occidentale depuis la seconde guerre mondiale figurent parmi les plus impressionnants et les plus encourageants succès de l&apos; histoire du monde .
western europe &apos;s accomplishments since world war ii are among the most heartening and impressive success stories in world history .
the successes of western europe since the second world war have been among the most impressive and most encouraging in the history of the world .
the successes of western europe since the second world war have been among the most impressive and encouraging achievements of the world &apos;s history .

cette approche fonctionne bien dans l&apos; industrie aéronautique : les pilotes qui signalent les erreurs qu&apos; ils ont failli commettre ne sont pas pénalisés .
this approach works well in the airline industry : pilots reporting near misses are not penalized ;
this approach works well in the aviation industry : the pilot who points out the mistakes they have made are not penalised .
this approach works well in the aviation industry : the pilot companies which point out the mistakes they have failed to make are not penalised .

les instruments de précision et les équipements optiques allemands , par exemple , ont perdu de leur compétitivité lorsque le japon est entré en scène .
german precision instruments and optical equipment , for example , lost their competitive edge when japan entered the game .
the precise instruments and german optic equipment , for example , have lost their competitiveness when japan entered the scene .
the precise instruments and the german optic equipment , for example , have lost their competitiveness when japan came into being .

plus difficile car les contraintes que cela impose à la croissance sont souvent spécifiques à chaque pays et s&apos; adaptent mal à des recettes standard .
it is harder because the binding constraints on growth are usually country-specific and do not respond well to standardized recipes .
it is more difficult because the constraints imposed on growth are often specific to each country and are poorly adapted to standard revenue .
more difficult because the constraints imposed on growth are often specific to each country and adapt to standard revenue .

d&apos; accord , il n&apos; est pas facile de créer des méthodes permettant d&apos; évaluer qui a eu raison et qui couvriraient tout le spectre des opinions raisonnables .
granted , it is not easy to create methods of keeping score that are credible across the spectrum of reasonable opinion .
it is not easy to create methods to assess who was right and who would cover the whole spectrum of reasonable opinions .
it is not easy to create methods to assess who were right and who would cover the whole spectrum of reasonable opinions .

mais ce phénomène a davantage favorisé les petits pays européens que les gros , et a impliqué davantage de concurrence pour l&apos; allemagne , la plus grosse économie d&apos; europe .
but this helped europe &apos;s small countries more than the big ones , and it implied more competition for germany , europe &apos;s biggest economy .
however , this phenomenon has encouraged smaller european countries more than large ones , and has involved more competition for germany , the biggest economy in europe .
however , this phenomenon has encouraged small european countries more than the big ones , and has involved more competition for germany , the biggest economy in europe .

nous devons admettre et affronter ce problème afin d&apos; empêcher les démocraties établies de s&apos; atrophier et afin d&apos; aider les nouvelles démocraties à devenir plus efficaces .
we must recognize and confront this problem to prevent established democracies from atrophying and to help new democracies become more effective .
we must recognise and face up to this problem in order to prevent democracies established yesterday and to help the new democracies to become more effective .
we have to recognise and tackle this problem in order to prevent the democracies that were born yesterday and to help the new democracies become more effective .

ces livres ( et les tendances qu&apos; ils indiquent ) deviennent moins dogmatiques et de plus en plus complexes en termes d&apos; adoption des techniques modernes de management .
these books ( and the trends they indicate ) are becoming less dogmatic and increasingly sophisticated in the adoption of modern management techniques .
these books ( and the trends they indicate ) become less dogmatic and increasingly complex in terms of the adoption of modern management techniques .
these books ( and the trends they indicate ) become less dogmatic and increasingly complex in terms of adopting modern management techniques .

dans ce cas , les experts pourraient devenir plus fiables en montrant davantage d&apos; humilité , et le débat politique commencer à être moins strident .
if so , pundits might adapt to accountability by showing more humility , and political debate might begin to sound less shrill .
in this case , experts could become more reliable by showing more humility , and the political debate is starting to be less even-handed .
in this case , experts could become more reliable by showing more humility , and the political debate is starting to be less .

sans véritable preuve de l&apos; existence d&apos; armes de destruction massive présentant une menace réelle , bush et blair doivent partir - ce , quelle que soit la suite des événements en irak .
if no evidence of such weapons is produced , then both bush and blair deserve to be finished politically , no matter what else happens in iraq .
without real evidence of the existence of weapons of mass destruction with a real threat , bush and blair must leave - regardless of the consequences of the events in iraq .
without real evidence of the existence of weapons of mass destruction with a real threat , bush and blair must start - regardless of the follow-up to events in iraq .

l&apos; évolution politique en tchécoslovaquie durant les vingt dernières années de communisme a éloigné la république tchèque et la slovaquie de la pologne et de la hongrie .
political developments in czechoslovakia during the last 20 years of communism set the czech republic and slovakia apart from both poland and hungary .
the political development in czechoslovakia during the last twenty years of communism has moved away from the czech republic and slovakia of poland and hungary .
the political development in czechoslovakia during the last 20 years of communism has moved away from the czech republic and slovakia of poland and hungary .

les pays accédants ont tenu leur part du marché en réalisant l&apos; intégration commerciale avec les pays de l&apos; union parfois plus poussée que dans de nombreux pays membres .
the accession countries have upheld their end of the bargain , achieving a degree of trade integration with eu countries that is even higher than many current members .
the accreditation countries have held their share of the market by making trade integration with the countries of the union sometimes more far-reaching than in many member states .
the accreditation countries have held their share of the market by carrying out trade integration with the countries of the union that are sometimes stronger than in many member states .

quel est l&apos; intérêt d&apos; avoir des prix bas , qui servent principalement à subventionner les mêmes détenteurs d&apos; abonnements , s&apos; il n&apos; y a pas de places ?
what good are cheap prices , which serve mainly to subsidize the same subscription holders , if there are no seats ?
what is the point of having low prices , which mainly serve to subsidise the same slaughterhouses , if there are no places ?
what interest is the interest of having low prices , which mainly serves to subsidise the same abduction holders , if there are no places ?

les chinois utilisent depuis longtemps le décès de leaders déchus comme l&apos; occasion de montrer leurs sentiments , qui ne peuvent plus s&apos; exprimer grâce à un processus politique ordinaire .
chinese have long since used the deaths of defrocked leaders as occasions to let out sentiments that can find no expression through the normal political process .
for a long time , the chinese have been using the death of waste leaders as an opportunity to show their feelings , which can no longer express themselves with an ordinary political process .
the chinese have for a long time used the death of waste leaders as an opportunity to show their feelings , which can no longer speak through an ordinary political process .

elles se manifesteront plus tard , car elles dépendent du bien-fondé des arguments avancés par georges bush et tony blair pour lancer une attaque contre une population très majoritairement sans défense .
they will come later , and will depend on whether george bush and tony blair can justify their onslaught on a largely defenseless population .
they will come later , because they depend on the justification of the arguments put forward by mr bush and tony blair to launch an attack on a very large majority of people without defence .
they will prove later , because they depend on the validity of the arguments put forward by mr bush and tony blair to launch an attack on a very majority population without defence .

ses opposants les plus féroces présentent m. chávez comme un autocrate diabolique , instigateur d&apos; une révolution à la cubaine prêt à annihiler la démocratie .
his fiercest opponents demonize chávez as an autocrat pursuing a cuban-style revolution and destroying democracy .
his most fierce opponents present mr chávez as a self-shady crash , the leader of a revolution in cuban loans to wipe out democracy .
his most women &apos;s opponents present mr chávez as a self-cracy , with a revolution in cuban , which is prepared to widen democracy .

ils peuvent soit saisir de cette occasion de croissance pour améliorer leurs perspectives de développement , soit prendre le risque d&apos; une génération perdue , aigrie par le manque d&apos; avenir .
countries can either harness this growth -- and in so doing , transform their development prospects -- or face the risk of an alienated generation embittered by the unfulfilled chance of a better future .
they can either take advantage of this opportunity of growth to improve their development prospects , or take the risk of a lost generation , helped by the lack of a future .
either they can take advantage of this opportunity of growth in order to improve their development prospects , or to take the risk of a generation that is lost by the lack of future .

les technologies de détection avaient clairement montré que l&apos; irak ne possédait aucune arme atomique , comme le chef des inspecteurs des nations unies , hans blix , le fit remarquer .
detection technology made it clear that iraq did not have nuclear weapons , as chief un inspector hans blix pointed out .
the detection technologies clearly showed that iraq did not have any nuclear weapons , as the leader of the united nations inspectors , hans blix , pointed out .
the detection technologies had clearly shown that iraq had no atomic weapons , such as the leader of the united nations inspectors , hans blix , pointed out .

tenter de se lancer dans des négociations dans de telles circonstances ne serait pas seulement un exercice futile , mais pourrait simplement renforcer davantage l&apos; éloignement et la suspicion dans les deux camps .
to attempt negotiations under these circumstances would not only be an exercise in futility , but may merely deepen alienation and suspicion on both sides .
trying to engage in negotiations in such circumstances would not only be a furious exercise , but could simply strengthen the remoteness and suspicion in both camps .
trying to start negotiations in such circumstances would not only be a fuelling exercise , but could simply strengthen the distance and suspicion in both sides .

la plupart des pays le reconnaissent et se sont réunis à rio et kyoto pour agir ensemble : même s&apos; il est insuffisant , le protocole de kyoto a été conçu comme un premier pas dans la bonne direction .
most countries have recognized this , coming together in rio and kyoto to do something about it — not enough , but the kyoto protocol was intended only as a start .
most countries recognise this and met in rio and kyoto to act together : even if it is insufficient , the kyoto protocol was designed as a first step in the right direction .
most of the countries recognise it and met in rio and kyoto to act together : even if it is insufficient , the kyoto protocol was designed as a first step in the right direction .

en annonçant sa détermination à mener à bien un nmd lointain , les etats-unis ont créé une tourmente politique dont ils doivent s&apos; occuper maintenant si on veut éviter les plus gros dégâts .
by announcing its determination to go ahead with a distant nmd , the us has created political turbulence which it must address now if major damage is to be avoided .
by announcing its determination to carry out a distant nmd , the united states has created a political turmoil that they have to deal with now if the greatest damage is to be avoided .
by announcing its determination to carry out a distant ninth , the united states has created a political mess which they must now deal with if the greatest damage is to be avoided .

mais dans la vraie vie , comme l&apos; illustrent chypre , la bosnie et le kosovo , la stabilisation et la lente régression de la violence peuvent parfois atteindre le même but , même sans accord formel .
but in the real world -- and cyprus , bosnia , and kosovo may be examples -- stabilization and the slow de-escalation of violence can sometimes achieve the same end , even without formal agreement .
but in real life , as cyprus , bosnia and kosovo illustrate , stabilisation and slow regression of violence can sometimes achieve the same goal , even without formal agreement .
but in real life , as is shown by cyprus , bosnia and kosovo , stabilisation and slow decline in violence can sometimes achieve the same goal , even without formal agreement .

la côte du golfe du mexique et les pays d&apos; amérique centrale font sans cesse l&apos; expérience de telles tragédies , les communautés démunies étant les plus vulnérables et les moins capables de gérer ces événements .
the gulf coast of mexico and central american countries has repeatedly experienced such tragedies , with poor communities the most vulnerable and the least able to cope .
the gulf of mexico and the central american countries are constantly experience of such tragedies , with the deprived communities being the most vulnerable and the least able to manage these events .
the gulf coast of mexico and the countries of central america are constantly doing the experience of such tragedies , the deprived communities are the most vulnerable and the least capable of managing these events .

malgré l&apos; opposition féroce qui séparait les partis baasistes syrien et irakien , ils se consolaient tous deux grâce à leur appartenance à une confédération de despotes .
though the syrian and iraqi baath parties were bitter foes , there was consolation in that both were members of a confederacy of despotisms .
despite the fierce opposition that separated the syrian and iraqi baasist parties , they all agreed through their membership of a confederation of despots .
in spite of the pitiful opposition , which separated the baasist and iraqi parties , they were both concured by their belonging to a confederation of despots .

l&apos; amérique latine est sans doute connue pour sa culture &quot; macho &quot; , mais le taux de femmes dans la population active ne cesse de croître et elles occupent de plus en plus des positions politiques et sociales de premier plan .
latin america may be known for its &quot; macho &quot; culture , but women increasingly participate in the labor force and attain prominent political and social positions .
latin america is probably known for its culture of &apos; co &apos; , but the rate of women in the active population is constantly growing and is increasingly concerned with political and social positions .
latin america is undoubtedly known for its culture as &apos; coo &apos; , but the rate of women in the active population is constantly increasing and increasingly care for the leading political and social positions .

un des principaux éléments de discussion en syrie est la renaissance de l&apos; islam comme alternative à un système politique et économique qui n&apos; offre que peu d&apos; encouragements , sauf dans le cas des grands personnages du régime .
a major item of discussion in syria is the revival of islam as an alternative to a political and economic system offering few incentives except to regime grandees .
one of the main elements of the discussion in syria is the regeneration of islam as an alternative to a political and economic system that offers little encouragement , except in the case of the great personalities of the regime .
one of the main elements of discussion in syria is the renewal of islam as an alternative to a political and economic system which offers little encouragement , except in the case of the large figures of the regime .

adolf hitler a élaboré sa stratégie lorsqu&apos; il a démantelé la tchécoslovaquie , soi-disant pour défendre les allemands des sudètes , et plus tard lorsqu&apos; il a envahi ma patrie , la pologne .
adolf hitler minted this strategy when he dismantled czechoslovakia--supposedly in defense of the sudeten germans--and later when he invaded my homeland , poland .
his strategy was drawn up in the case of the czechoslovakia , which was supposed to defend the germans of the disabled , and later when he invented my homeland , poland .
he has drawn up his strategy when he has broken the czechoslovakia , so-called to defend the germans of the self-employed , and later when he invented my homeland , poland .

en effet , le soulagement de la dette indonésienne est un cas convaincant dans la mesure où la plupart des dettes furent contractées à l&apos; occasion de prêts accordés au gouvernement corrompu de suharto .
indeed , there is a compelling case to be made for indonesian debt relief in any case , given that much of the debt was incurred in loans to the corrupt suharto government .
indeed , the relief of the indonesian debt is a convincing case , since most debts were contracting on the occasion of loans granted to the corrupt government of suharto .
indeed , the relief of the indonesian debt is a convincing case , since most debts were entered into by loans granted to the corrupt government of suharto .

le manque d&apos; unité au sein de l&apos; union européenne sur la question irakienne ne doit pas porter ombrage aux accords que les états membres ont conclu sur toutes les autres questions importantes en matière d&apos; affaires internationales .
the eu &apos;s disunity over the war in iraq should not overshadow its member states &apos; agreement on almost all other great questions of international affairs .
the lack of unity within the european union on the iraq issue must not be a brake on the agreements that the member states have concluded on all other important issues in international affairs .
the lack of unity within the european union on the iraqi issue must not be omitted to the agreements that the member states have concluded on all the other important issues of international affairs .

le ton des commentaires du président de la bce , jean-claude trichet , lors de la session de questions et de réponses qui se déroula à la conférence de presse à la suite de la réunion du mois d&apos; octobre , était particulièrement belliqueux .
the tone of ecb president jean-claude trichet &apos;s comments in the q &amp; a section of the press conference following the october meeting was unusually hawkish .
the tone of the comments made by the president of the ecb , trichet , at the session of questions and answers to the press conference following the october meeting , was particularly bellious .
the tone of the comments of the president of the ecb , trichet , at the session of questions and answers to the press conference following the october meeting was particularly bellious .

mais l&apos; utilisation irréfléchie de l&apos; un de ces deux mécanismes afin d&apos; atteindre des objectifs à court terme risque de créer des coûts à long terme , justifiant certaines restrictions imposées à la latitude qu&apos; ont les politiciens pour influencer les politiques macroéconomiques .
but reckless use of either mechanism for short-term goals may create long-term costs , justifying some restrictions on politicians &apos; latitude in influencing macroeconomic policies .
but the unconsidered use of one of these two mechanisms in order to achieve short-term objectives may create long-term costs , which justify certain restrictions imposed on the scope of the politicians to influence macroeconomic policies .
but the unconsidered use of one of these two mechanisms in order to achieve short-term targets is likely to create long-term costs , which justify certain restrictions imposed on the extent that politicians have to influence macroeconomic policies .

le déterminant le plus important en matière d&apos; inégalité des revenus aujourd&apos; hui reste l&apos; inégalité des richesses , avec la concentration accrue de la propriété des biens ces dernières années comme principal responsable d&apos; une plus grande inégalité de revenus dans la plupart des pays .
the most important determinant of income inequality today is wealth inequality , with the increasing concentration of asset ownership in recent years principally responsible for greater income inequality in most countries .
the most important factor in the inequality of income today remains the inequality of wealth , with the increased concentration of property in recent years as the main responsibility for greater income inequality in most countries .
the most important factor in the inequality of income now remains the inequality of wealth , with the increased concentration of property ownership in recent years as the main responsibility for greater inequality of income in most countries .

malheureusement , josé manuel barroso , qui présidait le sommet de 2000 , alors qu&apos; il était premier ministre du portugal et président en exercice de la commission européenne , avait mis sa présidence en jeu dans l&apos; affaire de la stratégie de lisbonne .
unfortunately , the host of the 2000 summit was josé manuel barroso , then prime minister of portugal and current president of the european commission , who has staked his presidency on the lisbon strategy .
unfortunately , josé manuel barroso , who chaired the 2000 summit , while he was the prime minister of portugal and the president-in-office of the european commission , had put his presidency at stake in the case of the lisbon strategy .
unfortunately , josé manuel barroso , who was chairing the 2000 summit , when he was prime minister of portugal and the president-in-office of the european commission , had put his presidency at stake in the lisbon strategy case .

nous estimons que si une partie de cet argent avait été investie dans des routes , des écoles et dans la recherche , l&apos; économie américaine aurait été plus stimulée à court terme et sa croissance aurait été supérieure à long terme .
we estimate that if a proportion of that money had been allocated to domestic investment in roads , schools , and research , the american economy would have been stimulated more in the short run , and its growth would have been enhanced in the long run .
we believe that if part of this money had been invested in roads , schools and research , the us economy would have been more stimulated in the short term and its growth would have been higher in the long term .
we believe that if part of this money had been invested in roads , schools and research , the us economy would have been more encouraged in the short term and its growth would have been higher in the long term .

parallèlement , il faut tenir compte des risques du rejet de la turquie : la probabilité de l&apos; échec du processus de réformes , qui favoriserait les mouvements extrémistes et provoquerait instabilité et troubles politiques aux portes de l&apos; ue .
at the same time , the risks of rejecting turkey must also be taken into account : the likelihood that the reform process would collapse , bringing radical currents to the fore and leading to instability and political unrest at the eu &apos;s doorsteps .
at the same time , we must take account of the risks of turkey &apos;s rejection : the likelihood of the failure of the reform process , which would promote extremist movements and create instability and political unrest at the doors of the eu .
at the same time , we must take account of the risks of the rejection of turkey : the likelihood of the failure of the reform process , which would encourage extremist movements and lead to instability and political unrest in the eu &apos;s doors .

quand les 13 colonies britanniques d&apos; amérique du nord se sont lancées dans la guerre d&apos; indépendance , thomas jefferson a estimé qu&apos; il devait en expliquer les raisons au nom du &quot; respect de l&apos; opinion de l&apos; humanité &quot; . il les a exposées dans la déclaration d&apos; indépendance .
when the 13 british colonies in north america launched their own war of independence , thomas jefferson understood that &quot; the decent respect to the opinions of mankind &quot; required an explanation for that war , which he set forth in the declaration of independence .
when the 13 british settlements in north america started in the war of independence , thomas jhorerson considered that he had to explain the reasons for &apos; respect for the opinion of humanity &apos; , and he outlined them in the declaration of independence .
when the 13 british settlements in north america started in the war of independence , thomas jelerson felt that he had to explain the reasons for the &apos; respect for the opinion of humanity &apos; , and he described them in the declaration of independence .

les nations pourraient définir un objectif plus ambitieux qui consisterait à limiter le changement sur le long terme de la température de la terre , puis à attribuer des droits d&apos; émissions entre les pays de telle manière à limiter en fin de compte les augmentations de température à un niveau acceptable .
nations could set the more ambitious goal of limiting the long-term change in the earth &apos;s temperature , and then assign emissions rights among countries in such a way that will eventually limit temperature increases to an acceptable level .
nations could define a more ambitious objective that would be to limit the long-term change in the temperature of the earth , and then to allocate emission rights between countries in such a way as to ultimately limit temperature increases to an acceptable level .
the nations could define a more ambitious objective which would limit the long-term change in the temperature of the land , and then give emissions rights between countries in such a way as to limit the increases in temperature at an acceptable level in the end .

on ne peut s&apos; empêcher de se demander la chose suivante : y-avait-il d&apos; autres façons de dépenser une fraction des 1 à 2 billions de dollars de la guerre dans des projets qui auraient mieux renforcé la sécurité , augmenté la prospérité et promu la démocratie ?
one cannot help but wonder : were there alternative ways of spending a fraction of the war &apos;s $ 1- $ 2 trillion in costs that would have better strengthened security , boosted prosperity , and promoted democracy ?
it cannot be prevented from asking for the following : is it other ways of spending a part of the 1 to 2 dollars of the war in projects which would have improved security , increased prosperity and promoted democracy ?
it cannot be prevented from asking the following : can there be other ways of spending one of the 1 to usd 2 to usd 2 of war in projects that would have improved security , increased prosperity and promoting democracy ?

c&apos; est une chose de soutenir le &quot; projet européen &quot; quand il s&apos; agit de lier l&apos; allemagne et la france si étroitement que plus personne n&apos; estimera utile de faire la guerre pour déterminer quelle langue doit être parlée en alsace-lorraine .
it is one thing to back the &quot; european project &quot; when the idea is to bind germany so tightly to france that never again will anybody think it worthwhile to wage a war over what language is spoken in alsace-lorraine .
it is one thing to support the &apos; european project &apos; when it comes to linking germany and france so closely that no one would think it useful to do war to determine which language must be parked in alsace-lorraine .
it is one thing to support the &apos; european project &apos; when it comes to linking germany and france so closely that no one would think it useful to do the war to determine what language must be parked in alsace-rain .

du côté israélien , d&apos; autres retraits de dizaines de petites colonies isolées de cisjordanie , entraînant l&apos; évacuation de 20 000 à 30 000 colons , pourraient s&apos; avérer politiquement faisables et fourniraient aux palestiniens un territoire contigu en cisjordanie .
on the israeli side , further disengagement from dozens of isolated and small settlements on the west bank , entailing the evacuation of between 20,000 and 30,000 settlers , may be politically feasible and would give the palestinians a contiguous territory on the west bank .
the israeli side of the israeli side could be politically feasible and would provide palestinians with contiguous territory in the west bank with tens of small settlements , causing the evacuation of 20 000 to 30 000 colours , and provide palestinians with a contitiguous territory in the west bank .
on the israeli side , other parts of tens of small , isolated west bank settlements , leading to the evacuation of 20 000 to 30 000 colours , could be politically feasible and provide the palestinians with a contired territory in the west bank .

pendant longtemps , ils se sont plaints de l&apos; injustice de ces règles , surtout qu&apos; à cette période , le royaume-uni était l&apos; un des pays membres les plus pauvres . c&apos; est en 1984 que le gouvernement conservateur de margaret thatcher a exigé et obtenu un rabais massif sur la contribution nette britannique au budget de l&apos; ue .
the british long complained of the unfairness of these rules , especially in view of the fact that the uk was one of the relatively poorer member states ; and in 1984 , margaret thatcher &apos;s conservative government demanded , and got , a massive rebate on its net contribution to the eu budget .
for a long time , they complained about the injustice of these rules , especially at this time , the united kingdom was one of the poorest member states , and the conservative government in aret thatcher demanded and obtained a massive rebate on the net british contribution to the eu budget .
for a long time , they have complained about the injustice of these rules , especially that , at this time , the united kingdom was one of the poorest member states , and in other words , the conservative government of aret thatcher has demanded and obtained a massive rebate on the clear british contribution to the eu budget .

quand son apparition bizarre et imprévue sur la place fut diffusée sur la chaîne de télévision centrale chinoise le matin suivant , lors de l&apos; un de ces derniers jours de couverture médiatique sans censure , à travers toute la chine , le public fut étonné par ce moment fugace d&apos; angoisse officielle , et bien trop humaine .
when his bizarre and unscheduled appearance in the square was broadcast on central chinese television the next morning -- during one of the last days of uncensored media coverage -- people across china were stunned by this fleeting moment of all-too-human , official anguish .
when its strange and unforeseen appearance on the place was distributed on the chinese television channel this morning , during one of the last days of media coverage without censorship , through china as a whole , the public was astonished at the time of official anguish , and far too humane .
during the last few days of media coverage without censorship throughout china , the public was astonished by this moment by the official , official and far too human , during the last few days of media coverage without censorship throughout china .

pour répondre à ces questions , il faudra évaluer objectivement le coût de la guerre . il faudra prendre en compte les pertes en vies humaines , les destructions , l&apos; apparition d&apos; autres formes de violence ( le terrorisme par exemple ) , ainsi que l&apos; impact économique du conflit sur l&apos; irak et ses conséquences géopolitiques .
this will depend on an objective assessment of the costs of the war in terms of loss of life , destruction of property , economic impact within iraq , spillovers into other forms of violence such as terrorism , and geopolitical consequences .
in response to these questions , the cost of war must be assessed objectively , and the loss of human life must be taken into account , the destruction , the appearance of other forms of violence ( such as terrorism ) , and the economic impact of the conflict on iraq and its geopolitical consequences .
in order to respond to these questions , we must objectively assess the cost of war , and we must take account of the loss of human lives , the destruction , the emergence of other forms of violence ( such as terrorism ) , and the economic impact of the conflict on iraq and its geopolitical consequences .

mais contre toute attente , il a adopté une position éthiquement avantageuse en proposant de renoncer à une partie de son rabais budgétaire , à la seule condition que le reste de l&apos; union européenne ( et la france , en particulier ) s&apos; accorde sur les réformes fondamentales en matière de politique agricole européenne .
against all expectations , it struck a morally advantageous posture by offering to surrender some part of its budget rebate , but only if the rest of the european union ( i.e. france , in particular ) would agree to fundamental reforms of eu farm policy .
but against any expectations , he has adopted an ethically advantageous position by proposing to give up part of his budgetary rebate , on the only condition that the rest of the european union ( and france in particular ) agrees with the fundamental reforms in the field of european agricultural policy .
it has adopted a very good position by proposing that part of its budgetary rebate should be abandoned , on the only condition that the rest of the european union ( and france , in particular ) agree on fundamental reforms in the field of european agricultural policy .

c&apos; est là qu&apos; entre en scène une modeste proposition qui s&apos; applique à toutes les démocraties : le marché des idées marche mieux s&apos; il est plus facile pour les citoyens de voir les échanges entre exactitude et divertissement , ou entre l&apos; exactitude et la loyauté à un parti .
here , then , is a modest proposal that applies to all democracies : the marketplace of ideas works better if it is easier for citizens to see the trade-offs between accuracy and entertainment , or between accuracy and party loyalty .
this is where , among other things , a modest proposal applies to all democracies : the market of best ideas if it is easier for citizens to see exchanges between accuracy and entertainment , or between accuracy and loyalty and loyalty to a party .
this is where there is a modest proposal which applies to all democracies : the market for ideas is better functioning if it is easier for citizens to see trade between the exact and different excesses , or between the inaccurate and loyalty to a party .

en commençant par l&apos; épicentre à bentonville , dans l&apos; arkansas , où sam walton ouvrit son premier magasin en 1962 , les big-box stores &#91; magasins-boîtes &#93; géants wal-mart se sont maintenant multipliés au point que l&apos; américain moyen vit désormais à moins de sept kilomètres d&apos; une de ces boutiques .
starting at the epicenter in bentonville , arkansas , where sam walton opened his first store in 1962 , giant boxy wal-mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average american lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
in writing . - ( pt ) starting with the epicm between bentonun , in the arkreas , in which mr walton opened his first shop in 1962 , mr 62 / 1962 , the big-box &#91; aminboy wmart ) &#93; has now increased to the american point that the american average is now less than seven kilometres of seven kilometres of these bouts .
by starting with the etum of bentoncity , in the arkas , where walton was the first dorson in magchn in the 1962 box , the bicstc box &#91; inininine-bots &#93; by the wmart wmart wmart , the united states is now increasing the fact that the american average is now living less than seven kilometres of a referendum in the united states .

à la fin des années 1940 , ceux qui présidèrent à la création d&apos; un ordre économique international d&apos; après-guerre essayèrent de créer un système monétaire international qui ( a ) permettrait de stabiliser suffisamment les taux de changes pour que les producteurs et les consommateurs échappent aux dangers des fluctuations excessives et irrationnelles des taux de change , ( b ) permettrait aux nations de mettre en place leurs propres politiques macroéconomiques et ( c ) préviendrait les paniques catastrophiques qui affectent non seulement les banques et les particuliers , mais aussi des nations entières qui produisirent la crise financière internationale destructrice de la grande dépression .
in the late 1940s , those present at the creation of the post-world war ii international economic order tried to create an international monetary system that would ( a ) allow for exchange rates stable enough for producers and consumers to escape the risks of excessive and irrational exchange rate fluctuations , ( b ) allow countries to follow their own domestic macroeconomic policies , and ( c ) prevent the catastrophic panics affecting not just individual banks but whole countries that produced the destructive international financial crisis of the great depression .
at the end of the 1940s , those who are chairing the creation of an international post-war economic order try to create an international monetary system ( a ) that would allow us to stabilise the exchange rate sufficiently so that producers and consumers can escape the excessive and irrational dangers of exchange rates ( b ) would allow nations to put in place their own macroeconomic policies and ( c ) the prejudices that would affect not only the banks and individuals , but also the entire nations which are causing the entire financial crisis of the great depletion .
at the end of the 1940 years , those who are chairing the creation of a post-war international economic order are trying to create an international monetary system which ( a ) would make it possible to stabilise the exchange rates for producers and consumers to escape the dangers of excessive and irrational fluctuations in exchange rates , ( b ) to put in place their own macroeconomic policies and ( c ) would lead to the disastrous consequences of the banks and the private nations , but also of the other nations that are not just the entire international financial crisis that are causing the excessive financial crisis in the face of exchange rate .

