cette nouvelle ne ravit pas tout le monde .
not everyone is happy with this news .
this new situation does not affect everyone .
this new is not the case for everyone .

l&apos; europe est-elle dans une ornière ?
is europe stuck ?
is europe in a nigerian era ?
is europe in an ornig ?

mais les choses ont changã <unk> .
but this is no longer the case .
but things have changed .
but things have changed .

mais ce n&apos; est pas juste .
but that is unfair .
but that is not right .
but that is not right .

la liberté suffit-elle ?
is freedom enough ?
is freedom sufficient ?
is it sufficient to freedom ?

ce fut une erreur que les soviétiques ne commettraient plus .
it was a mistake the soviets would not make again .
it was a mistake that the soviet people were no longer talking about .
it was a mistake that the soviet were no longer committed .

le programme social et le programme technologique dépendent l&apos; un de l&apos; autre .
the social agenda and the technology agenda are not independent of each other .
the social programme and the technological programme depend on one another .
the social programme and the technological programme depend on one another .

les pays qui importent les produits actuellement subventionnés souffriront .
countries that import currently subsidized food will be worse off .
the countries that import the products currently subsidised will suffer .
the countries that import the products currently subsidised will suffer .

nous connaissons les origines du pacte de stabilité et de croissance .
we know the origins of the stability and growth pact .
we know the origins of the stability and growth pact .
we know the origins of the stability and growth pact .

ils craignent que la même chose n&apos; advienne en europe .
the same thing , they fear , will happen in europe .
they fear that the same thing will not happen in europe .
they fear that the same thing does not happen in europe .

état de l&apos; art ou art de l&apos; état ?
state of the art , or art of the state ?
is the state of art or art of the state ?
is the state of art or art of the state ?

imaginez que votre emploi dans les médias dépende de votre capacité à élargir votre audience .
imagine your job as a media executive depends on expanding your viewing audience .
imagine that your jobs in the media depend on your ability to extend your hearing .
imagine that your jobs in the media spend your capacity to extend your hearing .

des institutions de régulation du marché ( externalisation , économies d&apos; échelle , information professionnelle )
market-regulating institutions ( for externalities , economies of scale , and information about companies ) ;
market regulation institutions ( externalisation , economies of scale , professional information )
market regulation institutions ( externalisation , economies of scale , professional information )

les deux pays constituent plutôt un laboratoire nécessaire au fonctionnement interne de l&apos; ue .
rather , the two countries form a laboratory needed for the internal working of the eu .
the two countries are instead a necessary laboratory for the internal functioning of the eu .
the two countries are rather a laboratory that is necessary for the internal functioning of the eu .

les éclectiques renards arrivent mieux à calmer leurs enthousiasmes idéologiques .
eclectic foxes are better at curbing their ideological enthusiasms .
it is better to calm their enthusiasm for ideological excesses of ecrenia .
the ecolabel has come better to calm their ideological enthusiasm .

on ne peut nier que certains de ces facteurs représentent des défis considérables .
it would be foolish to deny that some of these factors represent serious challenges .
we cannot deny that some of these factors represent considerable challenges .
we cannot deny that some of these factors represent considerable challenges .

par opposition aux deux autres raisons psychologiques , la contagion spéculative a une fin naturelle .
in contrast to the other two psychological causes , speculative contagion has a natural end .
opposition to the other two psychological reasons , speculative contagion has a natural end .
in contrast to the two other psychological reasons , speculative containers have a natural end .

quel est le message du pape pour le monde postcommuniste qu&apos; il a contribué à créer ?
what is the pope &apos;s message for the postcommunist world he helped create ?
what is the message of the pope for the post-communist world that he has helped to create ?
what is the message from the pope for the post-communist world that he has helped to create ?

au cours de la guerre froide , le conseil de sécurité se révéla complètement paralysé .
during the cold war the security council was hopelessly paralyzed .
during the cold war , the security council is once again deeply paralysed .
during the cold war , the security council is following the complete paralysis .

le moment choisi pour l&apos; organisation du référendum constitutionnel semble faire partie de cette stratégie dilatoire .
the timing of the constitutional referendum appears to be a part of this delaying strategy .
the time chosen for the organisation of the constitutional referendum seems to be part of this cowardly strategy .
the time chosen for the organisation of the constitutional referendum seems to be part of this sham strategy .

c&apos; est précisément ce qu&apos; ont fait les autres personnalités accusées dans l&apos; affaire yukos .
in fact , this is precisely what happened with other figures accused in the yukos case .
that is precisely what the other people accused of in the case of czechoslovakia have done .
that is precisely what the other people who have been accused of in the randzio-plath affair have done .

en allemagne , le chancelier occupe la position la plus ã <unk> levã <unk> e parmi les principaux acteurs politiques .
in germany , the chancellor holds the strongest position among the key political players .
in germany , chancellor is taking up the most prominent position that has been raised by the main political players .
in germany , chancellor is dealing with the most important position that will be taken up by the major political players .

certains ministres des finances européens considèrent encore le pacte de stabilité comme la « pierre angulaire » de l&apos; ume .
some eu finance ministers still view the stability pact as the ``cornerstone &apos; &apos; of emu .
some european finance ministers still regard the stability pact as the &apos; cornerstone &apos; of the um .
some european finance ministers still consider the stability pact as the &apos; cornerstone &apos; of the ume .

depuis 1989 , les résultats des élections n&apos; ont cessé d&apos; osciller entre la droite et la gauche .
across central europe since 1989 , elections have oscillated between right and left .
since 1989 , the results of the elections have been constant between the right and the left .
since 1989 , the results of the elections have not ceased to be held between the right and the left .

ceux qui souhaitaient limiter le recours à des jurys craignaient prétendument pour la sécurité nationale .
those who wanted to limit the use of juries supposedly feared a risk to state security in some instances .
those who wanted to limit the use of lawyers were supposed to be duty-bound for national security .
those who wanted to limit the use of fear lawyers were supposed to be dust for national security .

or parmi les pays d&apos; origine probable des migrants , la turquie offre les meilleures chances d&apos; adaptation réussie .
among the countries from where immigration to the eu is probable , turkey has the best prospects for successful adaptation .
the country of origin of migrants , turkey , is offering the best chance of successful adaptation .
in the country of origin of migrants , turkey offers the best opportunities for successful adaptation .

remarquons toutefois que , dans bien des pays , les partis politiques éprouvent des difficultés à s&apos; engager dans de telles discussions .
in many countries , however , political parties find it difficult even to contemplate such debates .
let us note , however , that , in many countries , political parties find it difficult to engage in such discussions .
however , let us note that , in many countries , political parties find it difficult to engage in such discussions .

nous avons besoin d&apos; un système juste dès le départ afin de pouvoir gérer les risques qui couvrent plusieurs générations de manière rationnelle .
what we need is the right system from the beginning , so that we can rationally manage risks that span several generations .
we need a fair system from the outset so that we can manage the risks that cover several generations in a rational manner .
we need a fair system right from the outset in order to manage the risks that cover several generations rational .

pour aller de l&apos; avant , les pays en développement ont besoin de nouvelles infrastructures et d&apos; une meilleure gestion de l&apos; eau .
to move forward , developing countries need new water infrastructure and better management .
to move forward , developing countries need new infrastructure and better water management .
in order to move forward , developing countries need new infrastructure and better water management .

ainsi donc l&apos; ancien dirigeant chinois et secrétaire général du parti communiste zhao ziyang est enfin décédé .
so , at last former chinese premier and communist party general secretary zhao ziyang has died .
so the former chinese leader and secretary-general of the communist party zhao ziyang have finally died .
so the former chinese leader and secretary-general of the communist party zhao ziyang has finally died .

mais une recherche étalée sur 20 ans suggère aujourd&apos; hui que les sceptiques sont les plus proches de la vérité .
but the results of a 20-year research project now suggest that the skeptics are closer to the truth .
but a research of 20 years now suggests that the sceptics are the closest to the truth .
but a 20 years &apos; research suggests that sceptical people are the most close to the truth .

les notions de « culpabilité collective » ont été écartées comme n&apos; ayant aucun fondement dans un europe unifiée et unifiante .
notions about &quot; collective guilt &quot; were put aside as having no place in a united and uniting europe .
the concepts of &apos; collective guilt &apos; have been removed as no foundation in a unified and unifying europe .
the concept of &apos; collective guilt &apos; has been excluded as no basis in a unified and unified europe .

pour qu&apos; une intervention internationale ait une réelle chance de réussir , il convient dès le départ de définir les critères du &quot; succès . &quot;
if an international intervention is to have any credible chance of success , clear criteria for what constitutes &quot; success &quot; are needed from the start .
for international intervention to have a real chance of success , the starting point must be to define the &apos; success &apos; criteria .
to ensure that international intervention has a real chance of success , it is right from the outset to define the &apos; success &apos; criteria .

dans les années 1930 , la bête noire de certains pays de l&apos; europe centrale était « le traité de versailles » .
in the 1930s , the pet hate of some central european countries was &quot; the versailles order . &quot;
in the 1930s , the black bad of some central european countries was &apos; the verretaliatory treaty &apos; .
in the 1930 years , the black by of some central european countries was &apos; the verlogical treaty &apos; .

certains espèrent qu&apos; un ajournement stimulera la violence au kosovo et poussera l&apos; occident à reconsidérer l&apos; indépendance du kosovo .
some hope that postponement will stimulate violence in kosovo and further encourage western reconsideration of independence .
some people hope that a postponement will stimulate violence in kosovo and chicken will be the west to reconsider kosovo &apos;s independence .
some hope that a postponement will stimulate violence in kosovo and lunch will be the west to reconsider kosovo &apos;s independence .

les trois autres problèmes sont les agissements de la syrie ne irak , ses relations avec les états-unis et le besoin de réformes intérieures .
the other three are syria &apos;s behavior in iraq , its relations with the us , and the need for domestic reform .
the three other problems are syria &apos;s actions , its relations with the united states and the need for internal reforms .
the three other problems are the actions of syria , its relations with the united states and the need for internal reforms .

depuis lors , l&apos; analyse structurale par radiographie des molécules protéiques nous a permis de comprendre la chimie des réactions biologiques .
since then , x-ray structural analysis of protein molecules has helped us to understand the chemistry of biological reactions .
since then , the structured analysis by radiography of protein crops has enabled us to understand the chemical of biological reactions .
since then , the structured analysis by radiogenes of protein crops has enabled us to understand the chemicals of biological reactions .

en réalité , la plupart des russes sont indifférents aux efforts déployés par le gouvernement pour restreindre la liberté de la presse et le droit de protestation .
in fact , most russians are indifferent to the government &apos;s efforts to curtail press freedom and limit the right to protest .
in fact , most russians are indifferent to the government &apos;s efforts to restrict freedom of the press and the right of protest .
in fact , most russians are indifferent to the efforts made by the government to restrict the freedom of the press and the right of protest .

en restant extrêmement modestes , nous estimons l&apos; effet total sur l&apos; économie si seulement 5 ou 10 dollars de l&apos; augmentation sont attribués à la guerre .
being extremely conservative , we estimate the overall effect on the economy if only $ 5 or $ 10 of the increase is attributed to the war .
by remaining extremely modest , we consider the total effect on the economy if only 5 or 10 dollars of the increase are allocated to war .
by remaining extremely modest , we consider the total effect on the economy if only 5 or 10 dollars of the increase are allocated to war .

qu&apos; il ait surpassé cet obstacle sans changer de position sur l&apos; engagement envers la corée du nord démontre que les temps ont bien radicalement changé .
that he overcame this obstacle without changing his stance on engaging north korea means that times have radically changed .
he overcame this obstacle without changing the position on the commitment to north korea shows that time has changed radically .
it has overtaken this obstacle without changing a position on the commitment to north korea shows that time has radically changed .

ils doivent en effet avoir une chance de commettre des erreurs , tant que leurs décisions n&apos; affectent pas les fondements de l&apos; ordre démocratique lui-même .
indeed , they need a chance to make mistakes and to learn and recover from their errors , as long as their decisions do not affect the foundations of the democratic order itself .
indeed , they must have a chance to make mistakes , until their decisions affect the foundations of the democratic order itself .
indeed , they must have a chance to make mistakes , until their decisions affect the foundations of the democratic order itself .

vingt-cinq ans après le départ de jean-paul ii pour rome , nous , les polonais , lui restons reconnaissants pour nous avoir aidés à reconquérir notre liberté .
twenty-five years after john paul ii left poland for rome , we poles remain grateful to him for having helped us regain our freedom .
25 years after the departure of jean-paul ii for rome , we poles remain grateful to him for helping us to regain our freedom .
25 years after the start of john paul ii for rome , we poles are still grateful to him for helping us to restore our freedom .

le rôle du gouvernement ( le seul acteur à posséder la légitimité d&apos; un mandat populaire ) est fondamentalement important dans la direction d&apos; une nation allant de l&apos; avant .
the role of government--the only actor possessing the legitimacy of a popular mandate--is fundamentally important in steering a society forward .
the role of the government ( the only player to have the legitimacy of a popular mandate ) is fundamentally important in the direction of a nation moving forward .
the role of the government ( the only player to have the legitimacy of a popular mandate ) is fundamentally important in the direction of a nation moving forward .

c&apos; est comme ci le parti communiste avait retourné marx et remplacé la religion avec les bénéfices dans le rôle du nouvel « opium des masses » .
it &apos;s almost as if the communist party had turned marx on his head , replacing religion with profit as the new &quot; opium of the masses . &quot;
it was like the communist party that returned marx and replaced religion with profits in the role of the new opium of the people .
it was as the communist party has turned into marx and replaced religion with profits in the role of the new &apos; opium of the people &apos; .

mais les gouvernements ne doivent pas se contenter d&apos; investir en faveur des enfants , ils doivent aussi commencer à s&apos; occuper de la nouvelle génération de jeunes gens .
but now governments must go beyond investments in children and begin supporting the new generation of young people .
but governments must not just invest in children , they must also begin to deal with the new generation of young people .
but governments must not simply invest in favour of children , they must also begin to deal with the new generation of young people .

le remaniement de novembre dernier qui mit au pouvoir kanaan et d&apos; autres fut considéré comme la réflexion des préférences de m. assad .
the reshuffle last november that brought kanaan and others into the cabinet was seen to reflect assad &apos;s preferences .
last november &apos;s regeneration of power in kanaan and others was regarded as the reflection of mr assad &apos;s preferences .
the revision of last november , which brought to power kanaan and others , was considered to be the reflection of the preferences of mr assad .

cette qualitã <unk> est sa plus grande force et il semblerait qu&apos; il se soit actuellement lancã <unk> dans la contre-offensive la plus risquã <unk> e qui soit .
this quality is his greatest strength , and it seems he has now embarked on his riskiest counteroffensive ever .
this qualitative uptake is its greatest force , and it would appear that it is currently being held up in the opposite of the most serious offensive that is in danger .
this qualitative mix is its greatest strength , and it would appear that it is currently going to have to act in the worst counter-offensive that is likely to be protected .

beaucoup de pays de l&apos; ue s&apos; inquiètent des implications du retrait de territoire d&apos; un pays , ainsi que de l&apos; impact de l&apos; indépendance du kosovo sur la démocratie serbe .
many european union countries are worried about the implications of taking away a country &apos;s territory , as well as the impact of kosovo &apos;s independence on serbian democracy .
many eu countries are concerned about the implications of the withdrawal of territory from a country , as well as the impact of kosovo &apos;s independence on serbian democracy .
many eu countries are concerned about the implications of the withdrawal of a country &apos;s territory , as well as the impact of kosovo &apos;s independence on serbian democracy .

ce fut , bien sûr , l&apos; adoption de politiques économiques axées sur les forces du marché dans les anciens pays communistes qui les amena aux portes de l&apos; adhésion européenne .
it was , of course , the embrace of rational , market-driven economic policies by the former communist nations that has brought them to the brink of eu membership .
it was , of course , the adoption of economic policies focusing on market forces in the former communist countries that brought them to the doors of european membership .
it was , of course , the adoption of economic policies focusing on market forces in the former communist countries which led them to the doors of european membership .

il devint directeur de l&apos; institution royale de londres en 1923 , où il attira certains jeunes savants hors pair intéressés par les rayons x .
he became director of the royal institution in london in 1923 , where he attracted some outstanding young scientists interested in the x-ray field .
he must have the director of the london royal institution in 1923 , where he will attract some young people who are uninterested in the rays .
he should take the director of the london royalties institution in 1923 , where he will attract some young people who are not interested in the rax .

il est particulièrement difficile d&apos; attribuer un effet indésirable à un médicament quand le symptôme est courant dans le groupe d&apos; âge de l&apos; utilisateur ou la maladie traitée .
it is especially difficult to attribute an adverse reaction to a drug if the medical event is common in the user &apos;s age group or in the condition being treated .
it is particularly difficult to give an undesirable effect to a medicinal product when the symptoms are known in the user age group or the disease .
it is particularly difficult to give an undesirable effect to a medicinal product when the symptoms are known to me in the user &apos;s age group or the disease dealt with .

déjà , les automobiles &quot; hybrides , &quot; qui combinent essence et batterie , peuvent à peu près doubler l&apos; efficacité du carburant et diviser par deux les émissions de dioxyde de carbone .
already , &quot; hybrid &quot; automobiles , which combine gasoline and battery power , can roughly double fuel efficiency , cutting carbon dioxide emissions by half .
already , &apos; hybrid cars &apos; , which combine petrol and batch , can almost double the efficiency of fuel and divide carbon dioxide emissions .
already , the &apos; millennium &apos; cars , which combine petrol and baton , can gradually double the efficiency of fuel and divide by two carbon dioxide emissions .

c&apos; est aujourd&apos; hui la gauche israélienne qui , bien qu&apos; à contre-cœur , se rend compte que le nouveau pragmatisme prêché par sharon est peut-être le premier pas dans la bonne direction .
it is now the israeli left that , however reluctantly , realizes that sharon &apos;s new pragmatism may be the first step in the right direction .
it is now the israeli left who , although at a counter-heart , realise that sharon &apos;s new pragmatism is perhaps the first step in the right direction .
it is today the israeli left , which , although at the opposite heart , makes it clear that the new pragmatism by sharon is perhaps the first step in the right direction .

les valeurs démocratiques sont peut-être partisanes dans la défense des droits de l&apos; homme , mais cela leur confère une universalité qui légitime la lutte contre l&apos; oppression où qu&apos; elle se produise .
democracy &apos;s values may be one-sided on behalf of individual rights , but this has also made them universal , legitimizing the struggle against oppression , wherever it is played out .
democratic values may be in favour of defending human rights , but this gives them an universality that is legitimate in the fight against oppression wherever it happens .
democratic values are perhaps in favour of defending human rights , but this gives them a universal nature that legitimate to combat oppression wherever it happens .

en outre , des ingénieurs ont mis au point des techniques de capture et de stockage souterrain et sûr du dioxyde de carbone résultant de la combustion du charbon dans les centrales .
similarly , engineers have developed ways to capture the carbon dioxide that results from burning coal in power plants and store it safely underground .
furthermore , engineers have developed techniques for capture and storage of carbon dioxide from coal combustion into power stations .
in addition , engineers have developed techniques for catch and storage and safe carbon dioxide resulting from the combustion of coal in power stations .

la politique serbe sera chaotique et instable dans un futur proche , et les politiciens serbes essaieront d&apos; utiliser cette situation comme excuse pour éviter d&apos; affronter la perte du kosovo .
serbian politics will be chaotic and unstable for the foreseeable future , and serbian politicians will attempt to present this as an excuse to avoid facing the loss of kosovo .
the serbian policy will be chaotic and unstable in the near future , and serbian politicians will try to use this situation as an excuse to avoid the loss of kosovo .
serbian policy will be chaos and unstable in the near future , and serbian politicians will try to use this situation as an excuse to prevent the loss of kosovo .

et si l&apos; on découvre des armes de destruction massive dans d&apos; autres sites , il faudra expliquer pourquoi les inspecteurs n&apos; auraient pas pu les trouver si les inspections avaient continué .
there should also be an explanation , if weapons of mass destruction are uncovered at other sites , as to why the inspectors could not have found such weapons in a realistic period of time .
if weapons of mass destruction are found in other sites , it will be necessary to explain why inspectors could not have found them if inspections had continued .
if the weapons of mass destruction are found in other sites , it will have to be explained why inspectors could not find them if inspections had continued .

mais les grandes démocraties du monde , les etats-unis , l&apos; inde , le ru , etc. , sont de plus en plus habiles à interdire les opinions librement exprimées visant à restreindre les actions du gouvernement .
but the world &apos;s great democracies--the us , india , the uk , and others--are increasingly adept at not allowing freely expressed opinions to constrain what the government does .
but the great democracies in the world , the united states , india , the ru , and so on , are increasingly free to ban the freely expressed opinions to restrict government actions .
but the major democracies in the world , the united states , india , the ru , etc . , are increasingly living in banning the freely expressed opinions to restrict the actions of the government .

les européens ont assujetti les populations amérindiennes et ont également ramené , tout particulièrement dans le bassin des caraïbes et au brésil , des cargaisons massives d&apos; esclaves africains .
europeans subdued amerindian populations and also brought in massive numbers of slaves from africa , especially to the caribbean basin and brazil .
europeans have assured the people of india and have also reduced , particularly in the caribbean basin and brazil , the massive carrots of african slaves .
europeans have taken over the indian populations and have also done so , especially in the caribbean and brazil basin , massive slaves of african slaves .

mais que peut-on répliquer aux intégristes de tous poils qui constatent que les combattants les plus résolus sont de leur côté , si notre civilisation vaut d&apos; être défendue ?
but if our civilization is worth defending , why is it that fundamentalists , of whatever stripe , have the most committed fighters on their side ?
but what can we say to the fundamentalism of all polar people who see that the most decisive fighters are on their side , if our civilisation is to be defended ?
but what can we repeat to the fundamentals of all those who see that the most solved fighters are on their side , if our civilisation is to be defended ?

même sans les affres du tsunami , le poids de cette dette aurait représenté un énorme handicap dans le développement de ce pays en convalescence des conséquences de la crise financière de 1997 .
even without the tsunami , this debt burden would have been an enormous hindrance to the country &apos;s development as it finally recovers from the aftermath of the 1997 financial crisis .
even without the stars of the tsunami , the weight of this debt would have represented a huge disability in the development of that country by convalesting the consequences of the 1997 financial crisis .
even without the shadow of the tsunami , the burden of this debt would have been a huge disability in the development of this country in convalley of the consequences of the 1997 financial crisis .

tant que ces manoeuvres restent contenues et ne se transforment pas en munitions faciles pour l&apos; opposition du moment , elles agissent comme une soupape de sécurité pour les systèmes présidentiels .
as long as these maneuvers do not proliferate and turn into easy ammunition for the opposition of the moment , they may provide a safety valve for presidential systems .
as long as these mandates remain in place and do not turn into cluster munitions that are easy for the opposition at the moment , they act as a security pope for presidential systems .
as long as these mandates remain and do not pass into easy munitions for the opposition at the moment , they act as a security pope for the presidential systems .

le potentiel de développement de l&apos; éthiopie est si intimement lié aux pluies saisonnières que de fortes variations dans les pluies , et le manque d&apos; infrastructure , a sapé la croissance et perpétué la pauvreté .
ethiopia &apos;s development potential is closely tied to seasonal rains , so high rainfall variation , together with lack of infrastructure , has undermined growth and perpetuated poverty .
the potential for the development of ethiopia is so closely linked to seasonal rain as strong variations in rain , and the lack of infrastructure has undermined growth and perpetuated poverty .
the potential for the development of ethiopia is so strongly linked to seasonal rains as a result of strong differences in rain , and the lack of infrastructure , has undermined growth and continued poverty .

j&apos; ai visité les anciennes républiques soviétiques d&apos; asie centrale en 1998 afin de prendre part aux pourparlers concernant le développement démocratique qui a eu lieu ( ou qui aurait dû avoir lieu ) dans ces pays nouvellement indépendants .
in 1998 , i visited central asia &apos;s former soviet republics for talks--concerning the democratic development that was--or should have been--taking place in those newly independent countries .
i visited the former soviet republics in central asia in 1998 to take part in the talks on democratic development which took place ( or which should have taken place ) in these newly independent countries .
i visited the former soviet republics in central asia in 1998 in order to take part in talks on the democratic development that took place ( or which should have taken place ) in these newly independent countries .

ils se sentent plus à l&apos; aise face à des incertitudes prolongées pour savoir qui a raison même dans le cadre de débats amers , admettent leurs lacunes et accordent une légitimité à des points de vue opposés .
they are comfortable with protracted uncertainty about who is right even in bitter debates , conceding gaps in their knowledge and granting legitimacy to opposing views .
they feel more comfortable in the face of prolonged uncertainties to know who is even right in the context of ament debates , recognise their shortcomings and give legitimacy to opposing views .
they feel more in the face of extended uncertainties to know who is even right within the framework of amers , to accept their shortcomings and give legitimacy to opposing points of view .

pourtant , à l&apos; heure de la globalisation dans ce monde nouveau , l&apos; interdépendance économique est plus forte , et nécessite une action , des règlements et des institutions plus collectives , ainsi qu&apos; une règle de droit internationale .
but in the new world of globalization , there is greater economic interdependence , which requires more collective action , rules and institutions , and an international rule of law .
yet , at the time of globalisation in this new world , economic interdependence is stronger , and requires action , regulations and more collective institutions , as well as a rule of international law .
however , at a time of globalisation in this new world , economic interdependence is stronger and requires action , more collective regulations and institutions , as well as a rule of international law .

ce fossé entre les droits de l&apos; homme et le comportement des dirigeants a entraîné le changement le plus important jamais survenu dans la conduite des affaires internationales de notre époque : l&apos; avènement de « l&apos; intervention humanitaire » .
this gap between human rights and the behavior of rulers has brought about the greatest shift in the conduct of international affairs in our time--the advent of &quot; humanitarian intervention . &quot;
this gap between human rights and the behaviour of leaders has led to the most important change ever in the conduct of international affairs in our time : the advent of &apos; humanitarian intervention &apos; .
this gap between human rights and the behaviour of the leaders has led to the most important change ever in the conduct of international affairs at our time : the advent of &apos; humanitarian intervention &apos; .

sur les questions de défense et de sécurité , la doctrine de sécurité de l&apos; ue offre une grande opportunité pour consolider nos inquiétudes communes : le terrorisme et la non prolifération , mais également la nécessité de garantir un développement viable dans toutes les régions du monde .
on defense and security matters , the eu &apos;s security doctrine provides a great opportunity to build on our common worries : terrorism and non-proliferation , but also the need to ensure sustainable development in all quarters of the world .
on defence and security issues , the eu security doctrine offers a great opportunity to consolidate our common concerns : terrorism and non-proliferation , but also the need to ensure viable development in all parts of the world .
on defence and security issues , the eu safety doctrine offers a great opportunity to consolidate our common concerns : terrorism and not proliferation , but also the need to ensure viable development in all regions of the world .

en europe , la banque centrale européenne pense que le danger d&apos; une inflation incontrôlée à la suite d&apos; une perte de la confiance du public dans son engagement envers une faible inflation l&apos; emporte sur les coûts du chômage qui reste trop élevé .
in europe , the european central bank believes that the danger of uncontrolled inflation following a loss of public confidence in its commitment to low inflation outweighs the costs of european employment that is far too high .
in europe , the european central bank believes that the danger of uncontrolled inflation as a result of a loss of public confidence in its commitment to low inflation prevails over the costs of unemployment that remain too high .
in europe , the european central bank believes that the danger of uncontrolled inflation as a result of a loss of public confidence in its commitment to low inflation is taking precedence over the costs of unemployment which remains too high .

pour la première fois dans l&apos; histoire moderne de la corée , la campagne présidentielle a vraiment été le lieu de débats sur les questions centrales auxquelles le pays doit faire face , plutôt que de se concentrer sur les partis et les personnalités .
for the first time in modern korean history , the presidential campaign actually debated the central issues facing the country , rather than focussing on parties and personalities .
for the first time in the modern history of korea , the presidential campaign has really been the place of debate on the central issues to which the country has to deal , rather than focusing on parties and personalities .
for the first time in the modern history of korea , the presidential campaign has really been the place of debates on the central issues that the country must face , rather than focusing on parties and figures .

l&apos; attrait du leadership américain à l&apos; étranger repose en partie sur l&apos; attrait des institutions politiques , de la société et de la culture américaines , ainsi que sur son enthousiasme à défendre les droits de l&apos; homme et la démocratie .
the appeal of us leadership abroad rests in part on the attractiveness of america &apos;s political institutions , society , and culture , and its willingness to champion human rights and democracy .
in part , the american leadership is based on the ateness of the political institutions , society and american culture , as well as its enthusiasm for defending human rights and democracy .
the desire for us leadership abroad is partly based on the workload of the political institutions , society and american culture , as well as its enthusiasm for defending human rights and democracy .

or , de nombreux commentateurs ont cru que ce vote exprimait leur protestation face à l&apos; admission ressentie comme précipitée des dix nouveaux états membres , et surtout des pays les plus pauvres d&apos; europe centrale et orientale .
but many commentators believe that they were protesting against what they perceived as the precipitate admission of ten new member states , mainly much poorer countries from central and eastern europe .
there were many commentators who believed that this vote was expressing their protest at the admission of the ten new member states , and especially the poorest countries of central and eastern europe .
many commentators have believed that this vote expressed their protest at the admission of the ten new member states , and especially the poorest countries of central and eastern europe .

c&apos; est pourquoi les démentis de la syrie quant à son rôle destructeur en irak sont rarement pris au sérieux et c&apos; est la raison pour laquelle m. assad ne bénéficie d&apos; aucun soutien américain pour la reprise des négociations avec israël au sujet du plateau du golan .
that is why syria &apos;s denials that it is playing a spoiler role in iraq are rarely taken seriously , and why assad has not gained american support for renewed negotiations with israel over the golan heights .
that is why syria &apos;s denial of its destructive role in iraq is rarely taken seriously , and that is why mr assad has no american support for the resumption of negotiations with israel on the golan water .
that is why syria &apos;s depletion of its destructive role in iraq is rarely taken seriously , and that is why mr assad does not have any american support for the resumption of negotiations with israel on the golan water base .

bien que max von laue , walter friedrich et paul knipping aient découvert la diffraction des rayons x par les cristaux , ce fut lawrence bragg qui découvrit le moyen d&apos; exploiter scientifiquement cette découverte .
although max von laue , walter friedrich , and paul knipping had discovered the diffraction of x-rays by crystals , it was lawrence bragg who understood how it could be exploited scientifically .
despite the fact that max von laue , walter friedrich and paul knia discovered the defamation of rays by the rates , it was a lawlessness that found the way to exploit this scientific discovery .
although max von laue , walter friedrich and paul kniniard have found the raft of rades by the rates , it was lawrence braat bragg who found the way to use this science scientifically .

alors que nous repoussons les débris de la guerre pour libérer l&apos; irak , il est important de préserver , par le biais du droit international appliqué par des institutions internationales , les décombres intellectuelles du concept libéral de sécurité afin de mieux les comprendre .
as we sift the debris of the war to liberate iraq , it will be important to preserve-the better to understand-the intellectual wreckage of the liberal conceit of security through international law administered by international institutions .
at a time when we are dragging the wings of the war to release iraq , it is important to preserve , through international law applied by international institutions , the intellectuals of the liberal concept of security in order to better understand them .
it is important to preserve , by means of international law applied by international institutions , the intellectual excesses of the liberal concept of security so as to understand them better .

peu avant la guerre d&apos; irak actuelle , lorsque larry lindsey , l&apos; économiste de l&apos; administration bush , a suggéré que les coûts pourraient se situer entre 100 et 200 milliards de dollars , d&apos; autres fonctionnaires haut placés ont rapidement élevé des objections .
shortly before the current iraq war , when bush administration economist larry lindsey suggested that the costs might range between $ 100 and $ 200 billion , other officials quickly demurred .
the bush administration &apos;s economist suggested that the costs could be between 100 and usd 200 billion and usd 200 billion , other high-ranking officials quickly had a high number of objections .
even before the current war in iraq , when larry sey , the economist of the bush administration , suggested that the costs could be between usd 100 billion and usd 200 billion , other high-level officials have quickly raised objections .

un degré sans précédent de solidarité traverse désormais l&apos; europe , se manifestant par exemple dans le deuil collectif et les effusions de compassion envers l&apos; espagne ; nous devons nous appuyer sur ce vaste potentiel pour créer une logique de solidarité dans le monde .
an unprecedented degree of solidarity now exists across europe , as was apparent in the collective mourning and outpouring of sympathy towards spain ; we must build on that huge potential to create a logic of solidarity in the world .
there is now an unprecedented degree of solidarity across europe , for example , in the collective deus and the depletion of compassion towards spain , and we must support this huge potential to create a logic of solidarity in the world .
there is now an unprecedented degree of solidarity in europe , for example in the collective deus and the distrust of spain , and we must support this broad potential to create a logic of solidarity in the world .

cependant , la réponse des institutions européennes et tout particulièrement la banque centrale européenne et la commission européenne fut négative : les pays candidats s&apos; entendirent rétorquer qu&apos; ils devaient d&apos; abord passer deux ans au sein du mécanisme de change européen ( erm ii ) , où les aspirants à l&apos; euro devaient prouver de quoi étaient capables leurs politiques .
but the response from eu institutions , namely the european central bank and the european commission , has been negative : candidate countries were told that they first must spend at least two years in the european exchange rate mechanism ( erm ii ) , where euro aspirants are expected to prove their policy mettle .
however , the response of the european institutions and , in particular , the european central bank and the european commission was negative : the candidate countries were going to evade the fact that they had to spend two years in the european exchange mechanism ( erm ii ) , where the supporters of the euro had to prove what their policies were capable of .
however , the response of the european institutions and , in particular , the european central bank and the european commission was negative : the candidate countries were going to find out that they first had to spend two years in the european exchange mechanism ( erm ii ) , where the wishes of the euro were able to prove what their policies were .

dans les pays en développement , le contrôle des capitaux pour prévenir les crises financières est perçu comme un obstacle empêchant l&apos; attraction des capitaux nécessaires à l&apos; industrialisation , et comme une source potentielle de corruption puisque les flux financiers passent d&apos; une manière ou d&apos; une autre entre les mains du neveu par alliance du vice-ministre des finances .
in developing countries , capital controls to prevent financial crises are feared as obstacles to attracting the finance necessary for industrialization , and as potential sources of corruption as financial flows somehow pass through the hands of the vice minister of finance &apos;s nephew-in-law .
the control of capital in developing countries in order to prevent financial crises is seen as an obstacle preventing the use of the capital necessary to deplete , and as a potential source of corruption , since the financial flows pass in one way or another between the hands of the evnevp alliance of the deputy finance minister .
the control of capital in developing countries in order to prevent financial crises is seen as an obstacle to preventing the depletion of the capital needed for the prevention , and as a potential source of corruption , as financial flows go in a way or another way between the hands of the neventh alliance of the vice-finance minister .

d&apos; ici un ou deux mois , le groupe de contact des balkans , soit les états-unis , le royaume-uni , la france , l&apos; allemagne , l&apos; italie et la russie , va considérer les recommandations de ahtisaari sur le statut final du kosovo et proposera peut-être une solution au conseil de sécurité , qui doit prendre la décision finale .
some time over the next month or two , the balkan contact group — the us , uk , france , germany , italy , and russia -- will consider ahtisaari &apos;s recommendations on kosovo &apos;s final status and possibly propose a solution to the security council , which must make the final decision .
the balkan contact group , the united kingdom , france , germany , italy and russia , is going to look at the recommendations of the final status of kosovo , and perhaps propose a solution to the security council , which must take the final decision .
the balkans &apos; contact group , the united states , the united kingdom , the united kingdom , france , germany , italy and russia , will look at the recommendations for the final status of kosovo by one or two months , and perhaps propose a solution to the security council , which must take the final decision .

dans ce contexte , il est remarquable que la chine , dont le compte de capital est fermé , possède des réserves de devises s&apos; élevant à 286 milliards de dollars , soit quatre fois celles de l&apos; inde , bien que l&apos; économie de la chine ne fasse que le double que celle de l&apos; inde .
in this context , it is noteworthy that china , with a closed capital account , has foreign-exchange reserves of us $ 286 billion , four times the size of india &apos;s , though china &apos;s economy is only double india &apos;s size .
in this context , it is remarkable that china , whose capital account is closed , has foreign currency reserves of usd 286 billion , be four times india &apos;s economy , although china &apos;s economy is only double india .
in this context , it is remarkable that china , whose capital account is closed , has currency reserves of usd 286 billion , or four times india &apos;s economy , although china &apos;s economy is only double that of india .

le vainqueur immã <unk> diat est franz mã <unk> ntefering , 64 ans , leader de l&apos; arã <unk> ne parlementaire du spd , qui succã <unk> dera ã schrã <unk> der en tant que prã <unk> sident du parti .
the immediate winner is franz müntefering , age 64 , the spd &apos;s parliamentary floor leader who will succeed schröder , as party chairman .
mr mdiat is franz mmz mmntefering , 64 years old , leader of the recent parliamentary department of spd , who has been overshadowed by schrder schrder as a pra of the party .
frands the winner of the mfmmmat has been franz franmmentntefering , 64 years , leader of the arspd , who will follow up from the past , who will act as a leader of the party , and who will act as a leader of the party .

des myriades de détails furent examinées : la thaïlande envoya des ambassadeurs dans les régions affectées du pays pour aider à répondre aux besoins des citoyens , aida ceux qui ont tout perdu , passeport et biens , à rentrer chez eux , soigna les blessés , mit en place des systèmes d&apos; identification des corps et traita les difficultés posées par la pénurie de housses mortuaires et l&apos; absence de lieux réfrigérés pour la conservation des corps .
myriad details were addressed : thailand flew ambassadors to the affected part of the country to help attend to the needs of their citizens , helped those who lost their money and passports return home , provided health care for the injured , set up systems to identify bodies , and dealt with the difficulties posed by shortages of body bags and the lack of cold storage facilities .
the myriad of details were examined : thailand sent ambassadors to the affected regions to help meet the needs of the citizens , da aida , those who have lost everything , passport and property , to return home , has been injured , in place of identification systems and dealt with the difficulties caused by the shortage of morals and the absence of places for the management of the bodies .
in writing . - ( pt ) it was examined by the myrics of details : thailand sent ambassadors to the regions affected by the country to help to respond to the needs of the people , the people who have lost their passport and property , to return home , has injured the workers , in place of identification systems and has the difficulties caused by the lack of morally mortuary shortages and the lack of contact places for the conservation of bodies .

les pays d&apos; amérique latine doivent augmenter les dépenses jusqu&apos; à atteindre 2 % du pnb ( actuellement 0,5 % ) , en partie par le biais du soutien public aux laboratoires et aux universités , et en partie par des avantages pour la recherche et le développement du secteur privé . ils doivent dérouler le tapis rouge aux entreprises multinationales de pointe , comme l&apos; a fait l&apos; asie .
latin american countries should aim to increase spending to around 2 % of gnp ( from 0.5 % currently ) , partly through public support for laboratories and universities and partly through incentives for private-sector r &amp; d. they should roll out the red carpet for high-tech multinational firms , just as asia has done .
in part , by supporting laboratories and universities , and partly by the benefits for research and development of the private sector , latin american countries must increase expenditure by up to 2 % of gdp ( currently 0.5 % ) , partly through public support for laboratories and universities , and partly by means of benefits for research and development in the private sector , and they must lead the red to multinational companies , such as asia .
latin american countries must increase spending up to 2 % ( currently 0.5 % ) by means of public support for laboratories and universities , partly for research and the development of the private sector and development of the private sector , by which they must raise red tape up to 2 % of the gdp ( currently 0.5 % ) , in part , by means of public support for laboratories and university laboratories , and in part of the advantages for research and development of the private sector .

