wirklich .
really .
really .
really .

danke schön .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

ein paar weniger .
a few less .
a couple less .
a few less .

stephen watt .
this is stephen watt .
stephen watts .
stephen watts .

das war faszinierend .
and this was fascinating .
this was fascinating .
that was fascinating .

sehr unterschiedlicher begriff .
very different notion .
very different term .
very different term .

es hat sensoren --
it has sensors .
it has sensors .
it has sensors .

das wäre okay gewesen .
this would have been fine .
that would have been okay .
that would have been okay .

hier ist ein weiteres beispiel .
here &apos;s another example .
here &apos;s another example .
here &apos;s another example .

ja , hier ist es .
yes , there it is .
yeah , here it is .
yes , here it is .

hier sehen sie es nun .
so here it is .
so here you see it .
so here you see it .

ist das auch deine meinung ?
is that your opinion ?
is that your opinion ?
is that your opinion ?

aber wo sind wir nützlich ?
but where are we of use ?
but where are we useful ?
but where are we useful ?

aber was machen wir damit ?
but what are we doing with it ?
but what do we do with this ?
but what do we do with this ?

wer sind diese verwandten ?
who are these cousins ?
who are these related ?
who are these relatives ?

damit sind wir zu viele .
and that means there are too many of us .
so we &apos;re too many .
so we &apos;re too many .

der eine ort ist südkorea .
one is south korea .
one place is south korea .
one place is south korea .

nun gibt es einen dritten satz .
i highlighted it here .
now there &apos;s a third sentence .
now there &apos;s a third sentence .

und es gibt hunderte von ihnen .
and there &apos;s hundreds of them .
and there are hundreds of them .
and there are hundreds of them .

wie viele leute würden kreativität wählen ?
how many people would choose creativity ?
how many people would choose creativity ?
how many people would choose creativity ?

ein autistischer schüler .
an autistic pupil .
an autistic student .
a autistic student .

aber es gibt zwei probleme dabei .
but there are two problems with that .
but there are two problems .
but there are two problems in it .

und es beginnt mit einem arzt .
and it starts with one physician at a time .
and it starts with a doctor .
and it starts with a doctor .

dieser hat die größte auswirkung .
this is the one with the greatest impact .
this one has the biggest impact .
this has the biggest impact .

als nächstes : nuklearenergie .
next would be nuclear .
next is nuclear energy .
next : nuclear energy .

was ist mit langlebigkeit ?
what about longevity ?
what about longevity ?
what about longevity ?

auf jeden fall brauchen wir eine lösung .
we certainly need one to succeed .
anyway , we need a solution .
anyway , we need a solution .

war ein ziemlich ziemlich schickes projekt .
was a very a very fancy project .
it was a pretty fate project .
it was a pretty cool project .

ich mag wirklich gern schöne kleidung .
i like really nice clothes .
i really like beautiful clothes .
i really like beautiful clothes .

und das ziel dabei ist ganz einfach .
and the object of this is quite simple .
and the goal is very simple .
and the goal is very simple .

automatisch läuft er zum richtigen gedanken .
he &apos;ll automatically go to the right thought .
automatically runs to the right thought .
automatically runs to the right thought .

bei den menschen über den urin .
with people , it is released in the urine .
people talk about the judgments .
in the people who are talking about uranium .

vollständig auf ein bestimmtes ziel gerichtet .
it &apos;s completely directed .
complete on a particular goal .
completely on a particular goal .

die schüler werden nach noten aufgeteilt .
it &apos;s separating students from a , b , c , d and so on .
the students are divided to grades .
the students are divided to notes .

sie hielten uns davon ab inspiriert zu werden .
they stopped us from being inspired .
they kept us inspired by being inspired .
they kept us inspired by being inspired .

das ist gewöhnlich nicht die route .
that &apos;s usually not the route .
that &apos;s not the route .
that &apos;s not the route .

wenn das nicht klappt , was dann ?
if this doesn &apos;t work , then what ?
if that doesn &apos;t work , what &apos;s going on ?
if that doesn &apos;t work , what ?

was werden diese drei milliarden menschen mitbringen ?
what will these three billion people bring ?
what are these three billion people going to bring ?
what will these three billion people bring ?

wir können uns so selbst etwas schenken .
so , we can give ourselves a gift .
we can give ourselves something like this .
we can do something like this .

und hier kann man nochmal das ganze sehen .
and here can you see the whole thing again .
and here you can see the whole thing again .
and here you can see the whole thing again .

danke . ich habe eine frage an sie .
thank you . i &apos;ve got a question for you .
thank you . i have a question to you .
thank you . i have a question of you .

in zwei stunden baut sie sich überall ab .
in two hours it &apos;s biodegraded , wherever it is .
in two hours , they &apos;re growing everywhere .
in two hours , they &apos;re building down everywhere .

in anderen bereichen - die welt der kommunikation .
in other domains -- the world of communications .
in other areas -- the world of communication .
in other areas -- the world of communication .

also , helfen sie mir mal ein bisschen dabei .
so give me a hand here .
so , help me a little bit about this .
so , help me a little bit .

es ist ein spiel , das foldit heißt .
it &apos;s a game called foldit .
it &apos;s a game called the following .
it &apos;s a game called the national character .

die dritte technik : kategorisierung .
the third technique : categorization .
the third technology : categorization .
the third technique : categorization .

jetzt sehen sie den dalmatiner .
now you see the dalmatian .
now you can see the dalmaink .
now you see the dalmax ink .

die drei worte lauten : erinnern sie sich ?
the three words are : do you remember ?
the three words said , remember ?
the three words laugh : do you remember ?

das internet und dessen dienste ist ein wunder .
the internet and its services are a miracle .
the internet and the service is a miracle .
the internet and the service is a miracle .

ich werde nun das thema &apos; regierung &apos; wählen .
i &apos;m going to go ahead and select government .
i &apos;m going to choose the issue of government .
i &apos;m going to choose the issue of government .

wir haben immer versucht bedeutende fragen zu stellen .
so , we &apos;ve always been trying to ask big questions .
we &apos;ve always tried to ask meaningful questions .
we &apos;ve always tried to ask major questions .

also zwei paare , jedes zeugt ein baby .
so two couples each conceiving one baby .
so two pairs , every single baby .
so two pairs , every baby .

ich sprach also einige monate später bei einer konferenz .
so i spoke at a conference a couple months after that .
so i talked a few months later at a conference .
so i spoke a few months later at a conference .

aber es ist definitiv keine optimalsituation .
but it is not , by any means , an optimal situation .
but it &apos;s definitely not an optimal situation .
but it &apos;s definitely not an optimal situation .

es gab keine cantaloupe-melonen .
there wasn &apos;t any cantaloupe .
there were no canadian meloui .
there was no canop-owner melting .

jeder in meiner manhattener nachbarschaft ist weg .
everybody in my manhattan neighborhood is away .
everybody in my manhattan neighborhood is gone away .
everyone in my work is gone away .

und wir haben dies auch bei mobiltelefonen gesehen .
and we &apos;ve seen this in cellphones .
and we also saw this in mobile phones .
and we &apos;ve also seen this in mobile phones .

ich habe meine aufgabe bei 95 kg angesetzt .
and i put my challenge on 95 kg .
i put my job on 95 pounds .
i put my job at 95 pounds .

nun , ich verstehe das . das tue ich .
now , i understand it . i do understand it .
well , i understand that . i do that .
well , i understand that . i do that .

und die welt in der wir lebten sah so aus .
and the world we used to live in looked like this .
and the world in which we lived like this .
and the world in which we lived in was like this .

jeder eisberg hat seine eigene individuelle persönlichkeit .
each iceberg has its own individual personality .
each icberg has its own individual personality .
every icberg has its own individual personality .

damit haben wir insgesamt 1,5 milliarden spieler .
it will bring us up to 1.5 billion gamers .
so we &apos;ve got 1.5 billion players .
so we have 1.5 billion players .

den hund ! ich war sprachlos vor neid .
the dog ! i was stunned with jealousy .
the dog ! i was in front of language .
the dog ! i was loud .

in jeden dieser fünf bereiche brauchen wir mindestens 100 menschen .
in each of these five paths , we need at least a hundred people .
in each of these five areas , we need at least 100 people .
in each of these five areas , we need at least 100 people .

sein ganzer arbeitsprozess hat sich danach geändert .
and his whole work process changed after that .
his whole work process has changed .
his whole labor process has changed after that .

die logik macht keine aussage darüber , was gilt .
i can claim anything .
the logic doesn &apos;t tell you about what &apos;s true .
the logic doesn &apos;t make any statement about what &apos;s true .

dies ist ein weiterer blick auf den baum des lebens .
this is another look at the tree of life .
this is another look at the tree of life .
this is another look at the tree of life .

wie würden sie besser sein wollen , als sie momentan sind ?
how would you like to be better than you are ?
how would you want to be better than you are at the moment ?
how would you want to be better than you &apos;re right now ?

wir laufen in die arme der placebo-industrie .
we leap into the arms of big placebo .
we walk into the arms of placebo industry .
we walk into the poor of the placebo industry .

aber unsere leben sind so viel mehr als unsere erinnerungen .
but our lives are much more than our memories .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .

geschlecht kann also in vielen verschiedenen varianten auftreten .
so sex can come in lots of different varieties .
so gender can come up in a lot of different variants .
so gender can come into lots of different variations .

der größte unterschied zwischen ihnen ist der umgang mit zeit .
the biggest difference between them is in the handling of time .
the biggest difference between them is time with time .
the biggest difference between them is the transition with time .

man muss nicht viel geld ausgeben , um toll auszusehen .
you do not have to spend a lot of money to look great .
you don &apos;t have to spend a lot of money to see great .
you don &apos;t have to spend a lot of money to see great .

unsere schritte bei der digitalisierung des lebens waren exponentiell .
so , our pace of digitizing life has been increasing at an exponential pace .
our steps in digital lives were exponentially exponentially exponentially .
our steps in the digital life were exponentially exponentially .

das ist mein fleisch , und ich kann das herumdrehen .
that &apos;s my flesh , and i can twist that around .
this is my meat , and i can rotate it around .
this is my meat , and i can turn that around .

... es dem crowdsourcing beachtung schenkt .
... paying attention to crowd-sourcing .
... it &apos;s crowdsourcing crowdsourced .
... it &apos;s the crowdsourcing .

es geht wirklich nur darum , verschiedene realitäten zu kombinieren .
it &apos;s just really about combining different realities .
it &apos;s really just about combining different realities .
it &apos;s really just about combining different realities .

wenn das kind geboren wird , sieht sie aus wie ein mädchen .
when the child is born , she looks like a girl .
if the child is born , it looks like a girl .
if the child is born , it looks like a girl .

in 25 jahren wird es von hier nach hier verschwunden sein .
in 25 years it &apos;s gone from this , to this .
in 25 years , it &apos;s going to be gone from here .
in 25 years , it &apos;s gone from here to here .

vor einigen jahren fing ich an littlebits zu entwickeln .
a few years ago i started developing littlebits .
a few years ago , i started to develop livelists .
a few years ago , i started to develop litting-edge vity .

und mein vortrag heute wird hauptsächlich von diesen kognitiven fallen handeln .
and my talk today will be mostly about these cognitive traps .
and my talk today is maintained by this cognitive act .
and my talk today is maintained by this cognitive action .

ja , ich weiß nicht , was sich daraus ergeben wird .
yeah , i don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to come of this .
yeah , i don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to get out of it .
yeah , i don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to be done .

und sofort sehe ich ein anderes muster , das sich ergibt .
and , right away , i see there &apos;s a different pattern that emerges .
and immediately , i see a different pattern that &apos;s going on .
and immediately i see another pattern that gives you .

dies entspricht 20 fuß meereshöhe , so wie grönland .
that &apos;s equal to 20 feet of sea level , as is greenland .
this is 20 feet above sea level , like greenland .
this is just 20 feet of sea level , like greenland .

je nach seinem verhalten können wir die struktur und funktion voraussagen .
and how it folds dictates its structure and its functionality .
we can tell the way we can predict the structure and function .
the way we can predict the structure and function and function .

sind sie soweit ? sie sehen ein wenig nervös aus .
are you ready ? you look a little nervous .
are you going to be far ? you can see a little nervous .
are you so far ? you see a little nervous .

aber auch unsere wahrnehmung selbst , wie täuscht sie uns denn auch .
but our perception , how it deceives us too .
but also , our perception of ourselves , as it fails us , too .
but also our perception of ourselves , as well as it gets us .

nun , wie fängt man an , die sprache der musik zu sprechen ?
so how do you start speaking the language of music ?
now , how do you start talking about the language of music ?
well , how do you start talking about the language of music ?

wenn wir uns anschauten , wie gefühle mit dem einkommen variieren .
when we looked at how feelings , vary with income .
when we looked at our feelings like feelings with income .
if we looked at how emotions with income .

wir wissen , dass geld sehr wichtig ist , ziele sind sehr wichtig .
we know that money is very important , goals are very important .
we know that money is very important , goals are very important .
we know that money is very important , goals are very important .

es stellt sich die frage , ob man das auf null bekommen kann .
and so the question is : can you actually get that to zero ?
it turns out that you can get it to zero .
it turns out if you can get that in zero .

sie müssen 62 verschiedene entscheidungen treffen um ihr auto komplett zu entwerfen .
you &apos;ve got to make 60 different decisions , completely make up your car .
you have to make 62 different decisions to design your car completely .
you have to make 62 different decisions to design your car completely .

manchmal verliere ich das gleichgewicht . eine geschichte zum schluss .
i sometimes get out of balance . i &apos;ll end with this story .
sometimes i lose the equilibrium . a story to the end .
sometimes i lose the equilibrium . a story to end .

wir nehmen bilder dieser mini-urknalle in detektoren auf .
we take the pictures of those mini-big bangs inside detectors .
we take pictures of these mini-buttons , all in detectors .
we take pictures of this mini-big bang all in detectors .

nun erwähnt er die mineralbedürfnisse von phytoplankton .
now , he &apos;s mentioning the mineral needs of phytoplankton .
now he mentioned the minerals of physical lankton lankton .
now he mentioned the mineral needs of physical lankton .

aber irgendwie schaffen wir es , uns von diesem problem abzunabeln .
but somehow we can insulate ourselves from this problem .
but somehow , we create it from this problem .
but somehow we &apos;re creating it from this problem .

56 % aller vergewaltigungsfälle kommen nicht vor gericht .
56 percent of all rape cases don &apos;t result .
56 percent of all the rape cases don &apos;t come to court .
56 percent of all violent cases don &apos;t come in front of .

natürlich kann dies nicht von einem menschlichen maschinenführer erledigt werden .
obviously , this cannot be done by a human operator .
of course , this can &apos;t be done by a human machine leaders .
of course , this cannot be done by a human machine .

im gegenteil , es handelt sich um eine komplexe metaphysische weltsicht .
on the contrary , it &apos;s a complex metaphysical worldview .
in the opposite , it &apos;s a complex metaphysical view .
in contrary , it &apos;s a complex physical world of physical view .

das heißt , man navigierte über klänge und über rhythmus .
that means they navigated through the use of sound and rhythm .
that means you &apos;re navigating about sound and rhythm .
that means you &apos;re navigating about sound and rhythm .

und das ist es , was ich als doktorandin untersuchen wollte .
so , that &apos;s what i wanted to study when i was a graduate student .
and this is what i wanted to study as a ph.d. in .
and that &apos;s what i wanted to study as a ph.d. .

und wenn die gefährdet sind , dann können wirklich schlimme dinge geschehen .
and when they are compromised , then real bad things can happen .
and if the threats are dangerous , things can happen really bad things .
and if the dangerous ones are , really bad things can happen .

ich glaube , dass an zu vielen orten das gegenteil von armut gerechtigkeit ist .
i actually think , in too many places , the opposite of poverty is justice .
i think that in many places that are the opposite of poverty .
i think that in many places , the opposite of poverty is justice .

drei monate später war ich umgezogen und das abenteuer ging weiter .
three months later i had relocated , and the adventure has continued .
three months later , i moved around , and the adventure went on .
three months later , i was moved , and the adventure went on .

es ist viel anspruchsvoller als alles , was wir jemals gesehen haben .
it &apos;s way above everything that we have ever seen before .
it &apos;s much more sophisticated than anything we &apos;ve ever seen .
it &apos;s much more sophisticated than anything we &apos;ve ever seen .

sie kannten jegliche bits und bytes , die sie angreifen mussten .
they knew all the bits and bites that they had to attack .
they knew anything about the bits and the bycycles that they had to attack .
they knew jealous bits and byproduct that they had to attack .

es ist gleichzeitig ein echtzeit-3d-scan und eine bewegungsaufnahme .
it &apos;s both 3d scanning in real time and motion capture .
at the same time , it &apos;s a real-time scan , and it &apos;s a movement recording .
it &apos;s at the same time a printing 3d scan and a motion shot .

über das einfache spielen hinaus , ist littlebits tatsächlich ziemlich leistungsstark .
so beyond simple play , littlebits are actually pretty powerful .
beyond the simple game , littingspan is actually quite powerful .
beyond the simple play , it &apos;s actually quite powerful .

und das ist das das kernanliegen von von den biohackern .
and that &apos;s that &apos;s the core concern of of biohackers .
and this is the core of the biohackers .
and that &apos;s the core of the biohackers .

fast hundert jahre später , in 1947 , kam lego hiermit heraus .
almost a hundred years later in 1947 , lego came up with this .
almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , lego came out with this .
almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , lego came out with this .

ein nuklearreaktor , der selbst eine lösung für den müll bietet .
it &apos;s a nuclear power plant that is its own waste disposal solution .
a nuclear reactor that provides itself a solution for waste .
a nuclear reactor that provides a solution to the waste .

aber das passieren eine menge unnützer transporte und komplizierter dinge .
but there &apos;s a lot of wasted transportation and convoluted things happening .
but this is a lot of unuseful transported and complicated things .
but this is going to happen a lot of unuseful and complicated things .

ich sagte : &quot; miguel , schlemmen sie nicht deinen fisch ? &quot;
i said , &quot; miguel , aren &apos;t they feasting on your fish ? &quot;
i said , &quot; miguel , don &apos;t you get your fish ? &quot;
i said , &quot; miguel , don &apos;t you do your fish ? &quot;

ich erinnere mich daran ein kind beim spielen auf einer bodenschwelle zu sehen .
and i remember watching a kid playing on a car stop .
i remember playing a child playing on a booth threshold .
i remember looking at a child playing on a boss wave .

das waren umsichtige leute , gebildete leute , anständige leute .
they were thoughtful people , educated people , decent people .
these were careful people , educated people , anxiety people .
these were careful people , trained people , angry people .

wenn man die falschen dinge wegwirft , hat man ein müllproblem .
if you throw the wrong things away , you have a waste problem .
if you throw away the wrong things , you have a waste problem .
if you throw away the wrong things , you have a tilling problem .

an ihr war etwas , das machte , dass man immer in ihrer nähe sein wollte .
and she just had this quality that you always wanted to be near her .
she was something that made that you always wanted to be close to her .
she was something that made that you always wanted to be near her .

und wir können mit dieser großen batterie zwei millisekunden einmal rein-rausschalten .
and with this battery we can switch it on and off once for two milliseconds .
and we can turn to these big battery two milliseconds once again .
and we can turn out with this big battery two milliseconds .

wenn sie mehr windkraft einander zubauen , fängt das system an zu scheitern .
if they use more wind power and start building everywhere , the system will start to fail .
if you build more wind power , the system starts to fail .
when you build more wind together , the system starts to fail .

um wirklich nah heran zu gehen , kann man bis zu den rissen gehen .
now just to get really deep in , you can really get to the cracks .
and to really go close to that , you can go to rises .
to really go close to walking , you can go to the rises .

ich sagte : » ja . « und dann fingen wir an , zu diskutieren .
i said , &quot; yes , sir . i did . &quot; and we started arguing .
i said , &quot; yeah . &quot; and then we started discussing .
i said , &quot; yes . &quot; and then we started discussing .

sie können das auch probieren mit worten wie rache oder gewinnsucht oder ähnlichem .
you can also try it with words like revenge or acquisitiveness and the like .
you can also try to do this with words like raveness or wins or something like that .
you can also try to try to deal with words like rak or winner or winner or something like that .

ich zeige nur mal die top 500 der populärsten wikipediaseiten .
i &apos;m only showing the top 500 most popular wikipedia pages right here .
i &apos;m just going to show you the 500 of the most popular peasites .
i &apos;m just showing the top 500 of the most popular pediaters .

dies ist in unserem ganzen land der zweitgrösste abfallfluss amerikas .
this , all over the country , is the second largest waste stream in america .
this is in our country of the second largest greenhouse river in america .
this is in our country &apos;s second largest waste river river .

viermal so viele in den letzten 30 jahren wie in den vorhergegangenen 75 .
four times as many in the last 30 years as in the previous 75 .
four times in the last 30 years as in the previous 75 years .
four times in the last 30 years , in the previous canopy of 75 .

aber man brauchte sie nicht um die großen alltäglichen objekte um uns herum zu beschreiben .
but you didn &apos;t need it to describe the large , everyday objects around us .
but you didn &apos;t need them to describe the big everyday objects around us .
but you didn &apos;t need them to describe the great everyday objects around us .

mit 17 wurde sie die zweite frau eines mandarin , dessen mutter sie schlug .
at 17 she became the second wife of a mandarin whose mother beat her .
with 17 , she became the second mandarin of a mandarin whose mother , who she suggested .
at 17 , she became the second woman of a mandarin whose mother suggested her mother .

wir sagen den leuten , ach ja , ihr habt ja kein umweltbewusstsein im süden .
we tell people , oh well , you people in the south are not environmentally aware .
we say the people , yes , you don &apos;t have any environmental consciousness in the south .
we say the people , oh yeah , you have no environmental consciousness in the south .

sie wollen die entscheidung wirklich richtig treffen , wenn es für alle ewigkeit ist , richtig ?
you really want to get the decision right if it &apos;s for all eternity , right ?
you really want to make the decision right if it &apos;s forever , right ?
you really want to make the decision right when it &apos;s forever , right ?

bevor ich also heim nach brooklyn gehe , werde ich das alles wieder spenden .
so before i go home to brooklyn , i &apos;m going to donate everything back .
so before i go home to brooklyn , i &apos;m going to end it all again .
so before i go to brooklyn , i &apos;m going to end up doing everything again .

und jetzt einfach ein kleines bisschen durch meine haut und auf der anderen seite so wieder heraus .
ok , and then just through my skin a tiny bit , and then out the other side like this .
and now just a little bit through my skin and on the other side .
and now , just a little bit through my skin and on the other side .

sieben millionen menschen sind auf bewährung entlassen oder mit bedingter strafaussetzung .
we have seven million people on probation and parole .
seven million people are disappointed on currency or insurance .
seven million people are turned on currency or with condition .

sie haben kein recht auf ihre eigenen fakten . &apos; tschuldigung , haben sie nicht .
you &apos;re not entitled to your own facts . sorry , you &apos;re not .
you don &apos;t have a right to your own facts . &apos; debt , you don &apos;t have it .
they don &apos;t have a right to their own facts . &apos; &apos; debt , they don &apos;t have .

ich hatte es besser . all diese auswahl ermöglichte es mir es besser zu haben .
i did better . all this choice made it possible for me to do better .
i had better . all these choices allowed me to do it better .
i had better . all of these choices made me better .

also , sie verzichten ja nicht aufs essen , nur weil sie nicht kochen können .
so , you don &apos;t abstain from food just because you can &apos;t cook .
so , they don &apos;t eat up , just because they can &apos;t cook .
so , they don &apos;t eat up , just because they can &apos;t cook .

diese gefühle haben wir nie , wenn wir spiele spielen , in spielen gibt es sie einfach nicht .
we never have those feelings when we &apos;re playing games , they just don &apos;t exist in games .
we never have these feelings , if we play games , in games , they don &apos;t just have them .
we &apos;ve never got these feelings , if we play games , in games , it &apos;s not easy .

und zu meinem entsetzen hatte ich ihn nicht nur geschrieben , sondern auch ans gericht geschickt .
and to my horror , not only had i written it , but i had sent it to court .
and in my entrance , i didn &apos;t just write it , but also sent to court .
and i had not only written him , but also the court .

wodurch sich eine geschichte auszeichnet sind umbrüche , bedeutende augenblicke und enden .
what defines a story are changes , significant moments and endings .
what a story is called the history of the breeze , major eyewitness and dancing .
what is a story of excellent is exposing , major eyewitness and unseen .

zu diesem zeitpunkt war ich der kardiologischen schicht im kardiologischen dienst zugewiesen .
at the time i was assigned to the cardiology service on a cardiology rotation .
at that point , i was the cardiology layer in cardiology service .
at that point , i was the cardiological layer in the cardiological service .

es bedeutet , etwas hervorzubringen , dass in einem ist , das potenzial herauszukitzeln .
it means &quot; to bring forth what is within , to bring out potential . &quot;
it means something that is great that in one , the potential currency .
it means to make something that &apos;s in a place that makes the potential to tickle .

hier sind die 4 dinge die ich fand . als erstes : dringlichkeits-optimismus .
here are the four things i came up with . the first is urgent optimism .
here are the four things i found . first of all , drum optimism optimism .
here are the four things i found . first of all , drought optimism optimism .

die ersten schritte der geschichte , welche ich euch erzählt habe , dauerten eine milliarde jahre pro stück .
so the first steps of the story that i told you about took a billion years a piece .
the first steps of history , which i told you , took a billion years per piece .
the first steps of history that i told you about , a billion years a piece of a piece .

dann die nächstens schritte , wie sprache und so weiter , dauerten weniger als eine million jahre .
then the next steps , like language and so on , took less than a million years .
then the next steps , like language and so on and so forth , was less than a million years .
then the next steps , like language and so on , less than a million years .

also , werde ich sie ihnen zeigen . das ist einer , zwei , drei , vier , fünf .
so , let me show them to you . that &apos;s one , two three , four , five .
so , i &apos;m going to show you . this is one , two , three , four , five .
so , i &apos;m going to show you . this is one , two , three , four , five .

das ist eine der erklärungen , die für die dominanz des erinnernden selbst gegeben wird .
that is one of the explanations that is given for the dominance of the remembering self .
this is one of the explanations that &apos;s given for the dominance of memory itself .
this is one of the explanations that is given to the dominance of memory itself .

wie gesagt , einer der derzeit größten stars – justin bieber – machte seinen anfang bei youtube .
i mean , as mentioned earlier , one of the biggest stars in the world right now , justin bieber , got his start on youtube .
as i said , one of the greatest stars at the moment -- justin adjustin -- did his start with youtube .
as i said , one of the biggest stars -- justin jews -- made his start with youtube .

es ging dabei immer um den versuch , die welt zu verstehen und die grenzen des möglichen auszuloten .
but it was all about trying to understand the world , understand the limits of possibility .
it was always about trying to understand the world , and to understand the boundaries of the possible world .
it was always about trying to understand the world and the boundaries of the possible .

sie sagen , dass alle dinge , die dort oben angezeigt werden , einem lebenszyklus folgen .
all the things that go up there , they said there &apos;s a life cycle .
they say that all the things that are being put up there is a life cycle .
they say all things that are shown up there , a life cycle .

und ich würde jeden einmal einladen , sich damit zu befassen und auch mal selber was auszuprobieren .
and i would like to invite everyone to work on it and event try something yourselves .
and i would invite any invitation to make it happen , and i would try to try something .
and i would invite every time to deal with it , and also try to try and try and try to try to try .

und das alte sprichwort &quot; wenn es blutet , steigt die nachfrage &quot; ist sehr wahr .
and that old newspaper saying , &quot; if it bleeds it leads , &quot; is very true .
and the old saying , &quot; if it &apos;s flower , the demand is very true .
and the old word &quot; when it flows , the demand is very true . &quot;

und im verlauf der nächsten acht oder neun tage , ergaben sie sich dem geschehenen .
and over the course of the next eight or nine days , they resigned themselves to what was happening .
and over the course of eight or nine days , they were going to get rid of the paralysis .
and over the course of the next eight or nine days , they gave up the eyebrow .

daher kamen wissenschaftler kürzlich zur auffassung , dass herodotus &apos; verrückte geschichte tatsächlich stimmt .
and so , recently , scientists have suggested that herodotus &apos; crazy story is actually true .
so scientists recently came to the notion that herodotus knew actually true .
so scientists recently came to the conclusion that herootus was actually true .

wie viele von ihnen haben den sieg von ibms supercomputer watson bei &quot; risiko &quot; gesehen ?
i mean , how many of you saw the winning of jeopardy by ibm &apos;s watson ?
how many of you have seen the victims of ibm superwatson at risk ?
how many of you have seen the seventh of ibm superwatson at risk &quot; risk ?

das ist der planet , auf dem wir leben . tun sie nicht so , als ob er das nicht ist .
that &apos;s the planet we live on . don &apos;t pretend it isn &apos;t .
this is the planet that we live on . they don &apos;t do it as if he &apos;s not .
this is the planet that we live on . don &apos;t do it as if it &apos;s not .

die kategorien müssen dem auswähler etwas sagen , nicht dem der die auswahl bereitstellt .
the categories need to say something to the chooser , not the choice-maker .
the categories must say something about voters , not the choice .
the categories have to say something , not the choice of choice .

was würden sie erledigen , das sie aufschieben , weil sie denken , sie wären für immer da ?
what would you get done that you &apos;re waiting to get done because you think you &apos;ll be here forever ?
what would you do that you would shoot , because you think you were forever ?
what would you do that you shoot , because you think you would be there forever ?

also habe ich angefangen , zu überlegen , was es ist , worin uns diese spiele zu meistern machen .
so , i &apos;ve started to think about what these games are making us virtuosos at .
so i started thinking about what it &apos;s like to make these games together .
so i started to think about what it is to make the games in our games .

wir wollten einfach mal wissen , was ist denn mit einer normalen , stinknormalen elektrochemischen batterie .
we just wanted to know what would happen with a normal , run-of-the-mill electrochemical battery .
we just wanted to know what is , because with a normal , normal , electrochemical battery .
we just wanted to know what is because with a normal , normal electrochemical battery .

in in china heißt ein ein nachttopf heute noch honigtöpfchen , sozusagen , ja ?
in in china a a chamber pot is still called a honey pot , you could say , right ?
in china , a news opponent today is still killing honey pots , kind of , right ?
in china , a clonf is still in honeybee today , kind of , right ?

hier ist es nötig , das , was wir unter poli<unk> correctness verstehen , immer wieder anzubringen .
it &apos;s necessary to always use what you would call political correctness here .
here &apos;s what we need to understand in terms of policing corners , again .
here it is necessary to understand what we can understand under police correctly .

und also aus dem interesse daran , an dieser an dieser technologie , bin ich eben da weiter weiter reingegangen .
and so because of my interest in the in this technology , i went delved into it more .
and so , from the interest in this technology , i just came up with this technology .
and so from the interest in this technology , i went on there .

wir wissen ja aus jener studie , dass man zur nadel greifen muss , wenn es zur sache gehen soll .
and we know from that study that when you want reality , you go to the needle .
we know from this study that you have to understand the needle when it &apos;s going to go to the thing .
we know from the study that you have to attack to the needle if it should go to the thing .

dieses referendum wird vorschlagen , das geld in mehr sicherheitskräfte und sicherheit zu investieren .
and this referendum would propose having those dollars go to law enforcement and safety .
this reference is going to be suggesting the money in more security scores and security .
this one is going to beat the money to invest more money in more security behaving and security .

das ist ein spiel mit wörtern , das eine art mischung aus scrabble und boggle ist .
here we have a word game that &apos;s kind of like a mash-up between scrabble and boggle .
this is a game with words , which is a kind of mixture of scalgae and bogy .
this is a game with words , which is a kind of mixture of scarce and boggggging .

wie uns peter erzählte produzieren sie nicht nur die höchsten türme , sondern auch die interessantesten strukturen von allen .
as peter tells us , not only do they produce the tallest structures , but they &apos;re the most interesting structures of them all .
as peter told us , not only did they produce the highest doors , but also the most interesting structures of all .
as peter peter told us , not just the highest turtles , but also the most interesting structures of all .

sie schieben die entscheidung auf -- schieben sie auf , selbst wenn es gegen ihr eigenes bestes interesse geht .
they &apos;re more likely to delay choosing -- procrastinate even when it goes against their best self-interest .
they shoot the decision -- shoot them on their own , even when it comes to their own best interest .
they shoot the decision -- shoot them , even when it comes to their own interest .

das erste beispiel setzt voraus , was viele von ihnen kennen und manche von ihnen schätzen , ganz wenige nur überhaupt nicht benötigen .
i &apos;m talking about the soul .
the first example is about what many of you know , and some of you estimate , very few of them don &apos;t need at all .
the first example is what many of you know , and some of you , very few of them don &apos;t need at all .

drei milliarden stunden pro woche sind nicht annähernd genug , um die dringendsten probleme der welt zu lösen .
three billion hours a week is not nearly enough game play to solve the world &apos;s most urgent problems .
three billion hours a week are not nearly enough to solve the most urgent problems of the world .
three billion hours a week , not nearly enough to solve the most challenging problems of the world .

ich weiß , dass wir es können , und soweit es mich betrifft ist das etwas , was die welt jetzt braucht .
i know that we can , and as far as i &apos;m concerned , that &apos;s something the world needs right now .
i know we can do it , and as far as i &apos;m concerned about what the world needs now .
i know that we can , and as far as it is , something that needs the world now .

und sie enthält samen von seltenen pflanzen , sodass sie durch das wegwerfen zur artenvielfalt beitragen .
and it contains seeds of rare plants , so that when you throw it away you &apos;re contributing to biodiversity .
and they contain seeds of rare plants , so they carry through the throat diversity of biodiversity .
and it contains from rare plants , so they contribute to the biodiversity of biodiversity .

ich bedaure das. bin aber aber ich versuche best möglich daraus zu lernen , um es andere weiterzugeben .
i &apos;m sorry about that , but i strive to learn one thing that i can pass on to other people .
i &apos;m thoroughly . but i &apos;m going to try to learn from that to give it to others .
i regret . but i &apos;m trying to learn best to learn from it to keep there .

und es ist egal , wie viele informationen wir betrachten , wie groß diese sammlungen sind oder wie groß die bilder sind .
and it doesn &apos;t matter how much information we &apos;re looking at , how big these collections are or how big the images are .
and it doesn &apos;t matter how many information we look at how big these collections are or how big the images are .
and it doesn &apos;t matter how many information we &apos;re looking at how big these collections are or how big the images are .

die meisten unserer ideen waren verrückt , aber es waren ein paar brillante dabei , und wir schafften den durchbruch .
most of our ideas were crazy , but a few were brilliant , and we broke through .
most of our ideas were crazy , but it was a few brilliant people , and we managed to do the breakthrough .
most of our ideas were crazy , but it was a couple of brilliant , and we managed to get through the breakthrough .

und das erste projekt ist etwas , dass wir vor ein paar jahren in zaragoza , spanien gemacht haben .
and the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in zaragoza , spain .
and the first project is something that we did a few years ago in agoza , spain .
and the first project is something that we did a few years ago in agoza , spanien .

das chromosom das in der zelle war hat keines ; die chromosomen die wir eingefügt haben schon .
the chromosome that was in the cell doesn &apos;t have one ; the chromosome we put in does .
the chromosome is the cell in the cell , the chromosomes that we &apos;ve put in .
the chromosome was in the cell ; the chromosomes we &apos;ve already felt .

bis zum heutigen tage empfinde ich tiefste ehrfurcht für das , was ich auf meinen tauchgängen sehe .
i still , to this day , stand in absolute awe of what i see when i make these dives .
until today , i recommend the most profound fear of what i see on my dives .
until today , i feel profound honor for what i see on my passage .

ich meine , ich hoffe dass wir mit diesem digitalen medium der kunst gerecht werden , und sie ordentlich online repräsentieren .
i mean , i hope in this digital medium that we do justice to their artwork and represent it properly online .
i mean , i hope that we &apos;re going to be talking to this digital medium of art , and you &apos;re going to represent it online .
i mean , i hope we &apos;re going to be talking to this digital medium of art , and they represent them online .

die armen apsaras waren tausende jahre in indras kammern gefangen , in einem alten muffigen buch .
these poor apsaras have been trapped inside indra &apos;s chambers for thousands of years in an old and musty book .
the poor apple sarsaras were caught thousands of years in indras camps , in an old muffiti book .
the poor saraas were killed for thousands of years in drentas , in an old muffy book .

noch schnell ein anderes beispiel für spüren : hier geht es nicht um menschen , sondern um dinge , die wir benutzen und konsumieren .
another quick example about sensing : it &apos;s not about people , but about things we use and consume .
another example of feeling : here &apos;s not about people , but about things that we use and consume .
again , another example of feeling : it &apos;s not about people , it &apos;s about things that we use and consuming .

im letzten herbst musste es insolvenz anmelden , denn diginotar war gehackt worden .
it was running into bankruptcy last fall because they were hacked into .
in the last fall , it had to be called inconvenience , because intrinsic was hacked .
in the last fall , it had to be inconvenient , because inerinary was hacked .

der große digitale sprengkopf -- wir erhielten einen einblick , indem wir uns sehr genau daten und datenstrukturen anschauten .
the big digital warhead -- we had a shot at this by looking very closely at data and data structures .
the great digital jump -- we got a glimpse by looking at very much data and data structures .
the big digital leaf -- we got a glimpse by looking at very data and data structures .

hunderttausende unnötiger tode in einem land , das schlimmer als jedes andere von dieser krankheit geplagt wird .
hundreds of thousands of needless deaths in a country that has been plagued worse than any other by this disease .
hundreds of thousands of unnecessary deaths in a country that &apos;s worse than any other disease of this disease .
hundreds of thousands of devastats in a country that &apos;s worse than any one of these disease is posted .

und sie können es hier auch sehen , target , wii , mini von mini coopers und jetblue .
and you can see here too , target , wii , mini from the mini coopers , and jetblue .
and you can also see it here , very quickly , wii , mini by mini cooper and jetblue .
and you can also see it here , singi , mini , mini from mini cooper and jetone .

ich weiß nicht . sie wollten in die zeit zurück , bevor es autos gab oder twitter oder &quot; amerika sucht den superstar &quot; .
i don &apos;t know . they want to go back before there were automobiles or twitter or &quot; american idol . &quot;
i don &apos;t know . they wanted to go back to the time before there were cars or twitter or twitter , &quot; america &apos;s superstar . &quot;
i don &apos;t know . they wanted to go back to the time before there were cars or twitter or america , the superstar .

heute sind drei menschen auf diesem planeten für jeden der im jahr 1946 existiert hat ; innerhalb von 40 jahren werden es vier sein .
there are now three people on the planet for every one of us that existed in 1946 ; within 40 years , there &apos;ll be four .
today , three people on this planet have existed for every year in 1946 ; within 40 years it will be four .
today , three people on this planet have existed for every year in 1946 ; within 40 years it &apos;s going to be four years .

und man kann diese töne in die sequenz einspeisen , die man wiederum in beliebigen mustern anordnen kann .
and you can inject these sounds into a sequence that you can assemble into the pattern that you want .
and you can put those pots into the sequence that you can put into popular patterns .
and you can store these sounds in the sequence that you can restore in any random star .

aber schlussendlich werden diese realitäten überschattet von leid , missbrauch , herabsetzung , ausgrenzung .
but ultimately , those realities are shadowed by suffering , abuse , degradation , marginalization .
but finally , these realities will be overwhelmed by suffering , abuse , absence , abundance .
but finally , these realities are overwhelmed by suffering , misuse , abuse , translation .

mir wurde damals klar , indem ich die punkte miteinander verband , dass es im leben nur darum geht ein großartiger vater zu sein .
i realized at that point , by connecting those two dots , that the only thing that matters in my life is being a great dad .
i realized that at the time , by connecting the dots to each other , that it &apos;s just about being a great father .
i realized then , by interacting the dots of each other , that it &apos;s about being a great father .

je mehr wahlmöglichkeiten menschen haben , desto mehr freiheit haben sie . und je mehr freiheit sie haben , desto mehr gemeinwohl haben sie .
the more choice people have , the more freedom they have , and the more freedom they have , the more welfare they have .
the more choices have people , the more freedom they have , and the more freedom they have , the more common they have .
the more choices have people , the more freedom they have , and the more freedom they have , the more they have .

ich gab ihr medizin , die wir diuretics nennen , wasser tabletten , so dass sie die flüssigkeit ausschied .
i gave her medications that we call diuretics , water pills , to get her to pee out the access fluid .
i gave her medicine that we call reuters , and we call it a tablet , so that they fuse the liquid .
i gave her medicine that we call digiureus , water tabolet , so that it &apos;s the fluid .

nach was wir also als erstes suchten , waren systemfunktions- aufrufe , weil wir wissen , was diese bewirken .
so what we were looking for is , first of all , system function calls , because we know what they do .
so after what we were looking for , first of all , systematic functioning , because we know what these things are doing .
so what we were looking for when we first looked at was systematically functioning , because we know what they &apos;re doing .

oder unregelmäßig aber in drei dimensionen , bei der das , was sich ändert , das licht ist , nicht die position der bildpunkte .
or in regular , but in three dimensions , where the thing that changes is the light , not the pixels &apos; position .
or unregularly , in three dimensions , which changes what &apos;s changing , the light is not the position of imaging .
or unregularly in three dimensions , which changes what is , the light is not the position of the screen .

nicht jeder tag wird uns eine chance bieten , das leben eines menschen zu retten , aber jeder tag bietet uns die möglichkeit , eins zu verändern .
not every day is going to offer us a chance to save somebody &apos;s life , but every day offers us an opportunity to affect one .
not every day we will offer a chance to save the lives of a human , but every day every day offers us to change one .
not every day we &apos;re going to offer us a chance to save the lives of a human , but every day each day gives us the opportunity to change one .

ich duschte gerade in einem hotelzimmer in sydney , als sie starb . 1000 km entfernt in melbourne .
i was taking a shower in a hotel room in sydney the moment she died 600 miles away in melbourne .
i just dug into a hotel room in sydney , when she died , 1,000 miles away in melbourne .
i just stayed in a hotel room in sydney , when they died , 1,000 miles away in bourne .

das passiert , wenn man versucht , diese unterbrochenen quellen über sagen wir 20 % - 30 % des verbrauchs zu bringen .
now , this shows up when you try to get the intermittent source to be above , say , 20 to 30 percent of what you &apos;re using .
that &apos;s what happens when you try to get this under-based trigger on 20 percent -- 30 percent of the consumer .
that &apos;s what happens when you try to get this underground sources about 20 percent -- 30 percent of the consumer .

wir wissen , dass glück hauptsächlich bedeutet , zufrieden zu sein mit menschen , die wir mögen , zeit zu verbringen mit menschen , die wir mögen .
we know that happiness is mainly being satisfied with people that we like , spending time with people that we like .
we know that happiness means mainly to be satisfied with people that we like to spend time with people we like .
we know that happiness means to be satisfied with people we like time to spend time with people we like .

man könnte sagen , dass sie ein rezept ist für die zukunft guter lebensmittel , ob wir von barsch oder fleischrindern sprechen .
you might say it &apos;s a recipe for the future of good food , whether we &apos;re talking about bass or beef cattle .
you might say that it &apos;s a recipe for the future of good food , whether we &apos;re talking about compassion or meat .
you could say that they &apos;re a recipe for the future of good food , whether we &apos;re talking about compassion or meat .

und die , die schlimmer ist war die , wo der schmerz ganz am ende auf seinem höhepunkt war . es ist eine schlimme geschichte .
and the one that is worse is the one where pain was at its peak at the very end ; it &apos;s a bad story .
and the thing that &apos;s worse was where the pain was at the end of his peak , and it &apos;s a bad story .
and the worse is the fact where the pain was at the end of his peak . it &apos;s a bad story .

lego hat im wesentlichen den betonbaustein , den baustein der welt , genommen und daraus einen baustein für unsere vorstellungskraft gemacht .
lego has essentially taken the concrete block , the building block of the world , and made it into the building block of our imagination .
lego has basically taken the concrete block , taking the building block of the world , and made a building block for our imagination .
lego has basically taken the cream block , the building block of the world , and made a building block for our imagination .

die dritte sache , die ich lernte – und zwar während die innere uhr beginnnt , &quot; 15 , 14 , 13 , ... &quot; herunterzuzählen ,
the third thing i learned -- and this is as your mental clock starts going , &quot; 15 , 14 , 13 . &quot;
the third thing that i learned -- and that &apos;s when the inside of the inner watch starts , &quot; 15 , 13 , 13 , &quot; ... &quot; counts .
the third thing i learned -- while the internal clock is starting to start , &quot; 15 , 14 , 13 , ... &quot;

manchmal sagen mir leute , ich sähe aus , als ob ich &apos; verkleiden &apos; spiele oder dass ich sie an ihre siebenjährige erinnere .
sometimes people tell me that i look like i &apos;m playing dress-up , or that i remind them of their seven-year-old .
sometimes people tell me , i &apos;m going to see if i miss clothing , or that i remember their victory .
sometimes people tell me , i feel like i remind the clothes &apos; games , or i remember them at their seven-year-olds .

wenn hunderte von verschiedenen arten von jeans verfügbar sind , und sie kaufen eine die enttäuschend ist , und sie fragen warum , wer ist verantwortlich ?
when there are hundreds of different styles of jeans available , and you buy one that is disappointing , and you ask why , who &apos;s responsible ?
if hundreds of different kinds of jeans are available , and you buy the disappointment , and you ask why who is responsible ?
if hundreds of different kinds of different kinds of jeans are available , and you buy a deception , and you ask why , who &apos;s responsible ?

einige von ihnen werden sich erinnern , es war als italien gegen frankreich spielte , und dann am ende zidane , der kopfstoß .
some of you might remember , it was italy and france playing , and then zidane at the end , the headbutt .
some of you will remember it was when italy was played against france , and then at the end , the headquarters .
some of you will remember it was when italy played to france , and then at the end of the head , the headline .

damit können die menschen , die ein meeresschutzgebiet sehen und die von dem einblick profitieren , den es ermöglicht , ihre normwerte zurücksetzen .
that is for people who can see a marine protected area and who can benefit from the insight that it provides , which enables them to reset their baseline .
so the people who can see a marine protected area , and they can benefit from the insight that it allows their values to return .
so the people who can see a marine reserve area , and the insight of view of the view that it enables them to remove their values .

nun , wir können nicht alle die tom-marke sein , aber ich sehe mich oft an der schnittstelle von dark glamour und lässiger fliege .
well we can &apos;t all be brand tom , but i do often find myself at the intersection of dark glamor and casual fly .
now , we can &apos;t all be the tom-brand , but i often look at the interface of glamour and gaps .
well , we can &apos;t be all the tom-marks , but i often look at the interface of glamour and reliable fly .

ich bezeichne es als das &quot; in leben bin ich schlecht &quot; -gesicht . und es ist tatsächlich mein gesicht , sehen sie ? ja ? ok .
this is what i call the &quot; i &apos;m not good at life &quot; face , and this is actually me making it . can you see ? yes . good .
i call it the &quot; life &quot; i am bad face . and it &apos;s actually my face , you know ? ok .
i call it as &quot; life in life , &quot; i &apos;m bad face . and it &apos;s actually my face , you see ? yes ? ok .

die frage war einfach , rechnet das war zweitausend2006 , haben die ersten kontakte mit der insel angefangen , rechne doch einfach mal durch .
the question is just , calculate that was in two thousand and six , the first contact started with the island , so just work that out .
the question was simple , calculate this was the second thousand end 2006 , the first contents started with the island , but just through time .
the question was simple , the math was two thousand 2006 , the first contact with the island , but it was just about .

und das sind nicht die merkmale der alten medien und sie treffen auch kaum auf die medien von heute zu , aber sie werden die unterhaltung der zukunft bestimmen .
and these are not characteristics of old media , and they &apos;re barely true of the media of today , but they will define the entertainment of the future .
and these are not the features of the old media , and they &apos;re also barely hitting the media of today , but they &apos;re going to determine the entertainment of the future .
and these are not the features of the old media , and they &apos;re not hardly meeting the media of today , but they &apos;re going to determine the entertainment of the future .

in anderen aspekten des lebens , die sehr viel bedeutsamer als das kaufen von gegenständen sind , trifft die selbe explosion der auswahlmöglichkeiten zu .
so , in other aspects of life that are much more significant than buying things , the same explosion of choice is true .
in other aspects of life , which are much more meaningful than buying areas of objects that are the same explosion of choice .
in other aspects of life , which are very significant than buying the circumstances of circumstances , the same explosion of choice .

wie zum beispiel ein nachtlicht funktioniert , oder warum die türen des aufzugs offenbleiben , oder wie ein ipod auf berührung reagiert .
for example , how a nightlight works , or why an elevator door stays open , or how an ipod responds to touch .
like , for example , a naked light works , or why the doors remain open to the door , or how a ipod responds to touch .
like , for example , a native light works , or why the doors remain of the doors , or how a ipod responds to touch .

ich bin ein lance armstrong fan , also klicke ich hierhin wodurch sich mir alle ausgaben zeigen in denen lance armstrong erwähnt wird .
i &apos;m a lance armstrong fan , so i &apos;ll go ahead and i &apos;ll click on that , which reveals , for me , all the issues in which lance armstrong &apos;s been a part of .
i &apos;m a lance armstrong , so i click on this , so i &apos;m going to show you all these things that i &apos;m going to say in the lance armstrong .
so i &apos;m a lance armstrong , so i click on this with all of you who are going to talk about to me in the lance of armstrong armstrong .

wir alle bewegen uns auf eine welt zu , in der die naturgewalten der technologie näher kommen und in der magie und technologie sich annähern können .
we &apos;re moving , we &apos;re all moving here , to a world where the forces of nature come closer together to technology , and magic and technology can come closer together .
we &apos;re all going to move to a world where the nature of the old technology gets closer and into the magic technology and technology can be approached .
we &apos;re all moving to a world where the natural technology is closer to the technology of technology and in the magic and technology can be approached .

und ich habe 30 tage damit verbracht , nichts als dies hier zu essen -- spaßig am anfang , ein bisschen schwierig in der mitte , sehr gefährlich am ende .
and i spent 30 days eating nothing but this -- fun in the beginning , little difficult in the middle , very dangerous in the end .
and i spent 30 days doing nothing to eat this -- walk in the beginning , a little bit hard in the middle , very dangerous .
and i spent 30 days living , nothing like this to eat here -- walk at the beginning , a little hard in the middle , very dangerous .

natürlich war das ein ausgefranstes , altes synonym-wörterbuch . ich hab mir einfach gedacht , dass die ausgabe schon ziemlich alt sein muss .
you know , of course , this is my raggedy old thesaurus so i &apos;m thinking this must be an ancient print date , right ?
of course , this was an extinct , algae syndictionary , and i was just thinking that the edition has to be pretty old .
of course , this was a extinct , algeous dictionary book , and i just thought that the copy has to be pretty old .

aber man könnte an einen völlig neuen ort gehen , ein komplett neuen wohnblock bauen , vorausgesetzt die gesetze dort würden einen solchen bau unterstützen und ihn nicht behindern .
but you could go out someplace brand new , build a brand new apartment building , as long as the rules there were ones that facilitated construction rather than getting in the way .
but you could go to a totally new place , a completely new housing block , and you wouldn &apos;t have the laws there , and you wouldn &apos;t support it .
but you could go to a completely new place , a completely new way to build a new block that would support the laws there and not prevent it .

lustigerweise mussten wir auch noch in den parkplatz einbrechen , wir fühlten uns also zurecht als ein teil der sprüher-szene .
the funny thing was , we had to break into the parking lot too , so we totally felt like we were legit in the whole graf scene too .
we also had to break in the parking space , so we felt a part of the concrete scene .
luckily , we also had to break into the parking space , so we felt quite a part of the scenes .

ich sagte : &quot; miguel , ist ein gut gedeihender vogelbestand nicht das letzte , das man auf einer fischaufzucht haben möchte ? &quot;
i said , &quot; miguel , isn &apos;t a thriving bird population like the last thing you want on a fish farm ? &quot;
i said , &quot; miguel , is a good iron of the avian iron , didn &apos;t you want to have the last one on a fish ? &quot;
i said , &quot; miguel , is a good egg not the last one that you want to stop on a fish ? &quot;

selbst obwohl das getriebe auswählen , mir nichts über meine vorlieben bei der innenausstattung sagt , bereitet es mich immer noch darauf vor auszuwählen .
even though choosing gearshift doesn &apos;t tell me anything about my preferences for interior decor , it still prepares me for how to choose .
even though the gears choose nothing to tell me about my preferences on the interior statement , it still provides me .
even though the drives choose , nothing about my preferences at the inner level , it still takes me to choose .

dies ist ein bild von einem großen , neuen stadtzentrum , das in südkorea gebaut wurde- großer als das stadtzentrum bostons .
this is a picture of a big , new city center that &apos;s being built in south korea -- bigger than downtown boston .
this is a picture of a big , new urban retirement , which is built in south korea -- big as the city of the city boots .
this is a picture of a big , new urban town , which is built in south korea -- big as a city of boxes .

aber bevor ich ihnen zeige , was ich darin habe , werde ich ein sehr öffentliches geständnis machen , und das ist : ich bin besessen von outfits .
but before i show you what i &apos;ve got inside , i &apos;m going to make a very public confession , and that is , i &apos;m outfit-obsessed .
but before i show you what i have in it , i &apos;m going to make a very public decision , and this is : i &apos;m obsessed with fits .
but before i show you what i &apos;m going to do , i &apos;m going to do a very public , and that &apos;s : i &apos;m obsessed with food .

in der tat könnte man sagen , dass die unausweichlichkeit des todes unseres körpers in der evolution im gleichen moment eintritt wie die sexuelle fortpflanzung .
in fact , you could say that the inevitability of the death of our bodies enters in evolutionary time at the same moment as sexual reproduction .
in fact , you might say that the inevitable of the death of our bodies in the same time is the same as sexual reproduction .
in fact , in fact , you could say that the inevitability of the death of our body in evolution in the same moment as the sexual activity .

hier drüben simulieren wir das ganze übertragungsleitungsystem , die kilometer-physik der kabel , um sozusagen das schwingungsverhalten im netz abzubilden .
over here we simulate the entire transmission guidance system , the cable &apos;s kilometer physics , to illustrate the vibration behavior , so to speak , in the network .
so over here , we can simulate the entire transmission system , the miles of the cable physics to form the affordable behavior in the net .
so over here , we simulate the whole transmission system , the miles of physics physics , to form the vibration behavior in the net .

wie sie also sehen können , liegt meine begeisterung darin , neue mensch-computer-schnittstellen zu entwickeln , die besser zu dem passen , wie unsere gehirne und körper arbeiten .
so , as you can see , my passion is for making new human-computer interfaces that are a better match to the ways our brains and bodies work .
so , as you can see , my excitement is to develop new computer interface , to adapt the better to how our brains work and bodies work .
so as you can see , my enthusiastic is to develop new computer interface interface , which is better to adapt to how our brains and bodies work .

nun , wenn man beginnt , die idee zu betrachten , dass diese kulturen verschiedene realitäten kreieren können , kann man einige ihrer außergewöhnlichen entdeckungen verstehen . z.b. diese pflanze hier .
now , if you begin to look at the idea that these cultures could create different realities , you could begin to understand some of their extraordinary discoveries . take this plant here .
now , when you start to look at the idea that these different cultures can create different realities , you can understand some of their extraordinary discoveries , like this plant here .
now , when you start to look at the idea that these cultures can create different reality , you can understand some of their extraordinary discoveries , like this plant .

der grund dafür , dass ich mich schlechter fühlte war , mit all diesen verfügbaren möglichkeiten , meine erwartungen dafür , was für ein gutes paar jeans ausmacht , gingen hoch .
the reason i felt worse is that , with all of these options available , my expectations about how good a pair of jeans should be went up .
and the reason that i felt worse was , with all these available opportunities , my expectations for what a good couple of good jeans went up .
the reason that i felt worse was , with all these available possibilities , my expectations for what a few good jeans went up .

man muss zwei dinge klar trennen : zum einen die medizinische tatsache , amputiert zu sein und zum anderen die gesellschaftliche meinung darüber , ob ich behindert bin oder nicht .
there &apos;s an important difference and distinction between the objective medical fact of my being an amputee and the subjective societal opinion of whether or not i &apos;m disabled .
you &apos;ve got to separate two things out : to be a medical fact , to be amputated , and to the other social opinion , whether i &apos;m not disabled or not .
you have to separate two things : to be a medical fact , to be a medical fact , and to the other social opinion , whether i &apos;m disabled or not .

ein organismus konnte also zum beispiel lernen , eine bestimmte frucht nicht zu essen , weil sie schlecht schmeckte und ihn krank machte , das letzte mal als er sie gegessen hat .
so an organism could , for instance , learn not to eat a certain kind of fruit because it tasted bad and it got sick last time it ate it .
so an organism could learn how to learn a certain fruit not to eat , because they made it bad , and made it sick , the last time they ate it .
so a organism could learn to eat a certain fruit because they made bad taste and made it sick , the last time he eaten it .

und es stellt sich heraus , dass wenn man es schafft , dass etwas sich konkret anfühlt , es ein sehr gutes werkzeug ist , damit man die menschen dazu bringt mehr zu sparen .
and it turns out that making it feel more concrete can actually be a very positive tool to use in getting people to save more .
and it turns out that if you do it , it feels something concrete , it &apos;s a very good tool for people to save more .
and it turns out that when you make it , it feels like something concrete , it &apos;s a very good tool to save people more .

lassen sie uns zurück in meine welt der medizin transferieren , in der ich mich um einiges wohler fühle oder vielleicht auch ein bisschen weniger wohl nach dem ich mit ihnen darüber gesprochen habe .
now let &apos;s take this back into my world of medicine where i &apos;m a lot more comfortable , or perhaps a bit less comfortable after what i &apos;m going to talk to you about .
let &apos;s go back to my world of medicine where i feel a little bit more well-being , or maybe a little less likely to talk to you about it .
let &apos;s go back to my medicine in medicine , where i feel a lot of well-being , or maybe a little bit less likely to talk to you about it .

aber auch angebracht . denn es stellt sich heraus , dass wir , indem wir diese ganze zeit aufs spielen verwenden , tatsächlich das verändern , wozu wir als menschen in der lage sind .
but it &apos;s also apt . because it turns out that by spending all this time playing games , we &apos;re actually changing what we are capable of as human beings .
but also , it turns out , because it turns out we &apos;re using this whole time to actually change what we &apos;re doing to people .
but also , it turns out , because it turns out that we use this whole time to actually change what we &apos;re really changing as people in the world .

wenn wir uns einen der gründungsväter der modernen demokratie ansehen , dr. martin luther king , bietet er uns in seiner &quot; ich habe einen traum rede &quot; eine art lösung an .
if we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , dr. martin luther king , he offers us something of a solution in his &quot; i have a dream &quot; speech .
if we look at one of the green fathers of modern democracy , dr. martin luther king , he offers us in his &quot; i have a dream of a solution .
if we look at one of the foods of modern democracy , dr. luther luther king , he offers us in his &quot; i have a dream &quot; a kind of solution .

wenn leute diesen befund ernst nehmen würden , ich meine , es scheint alles auf den kopf zu stellen , alles , was wir glauben , zum beispiel in bezug auf steuerpolitik und so weiter .
if people took seriously that finding , i mean , it seems to turn upside down everything we believe about , like for example , taxation policy and so forth .
if people were to take this seriously , i mean , it seems to put everything on their head , everything we believe , for example , in controlling control and so on .
if people would take this seriously , i mean , it seems to put everything on the head , everything we believe , for example , in tax policy and so on .

und letztendlich , glaube ich , ist es ziemlich offensichtlich , zumindest für diejenigen von uns , die zu diesen entfernten zielen der erde gereist sind , zu erkennen , dass sie überhaupt nicht entfernt sind .
and finally , in the end , i think it &apos;s pretty obvious at least to all of all us who &apos;ve traveled in these remote reaches of the planet , to realize that they &apos;re not remote at all .
and finally , i think it &apos;s pretty obvious , at least for those of us who have traveled to this distance of earth , to realize that they &apos;re not away at all .
and finally , i think it &apos;s pretty obvious , at least for those of us who have traveled to the distance of the earth , to recognize that they &apos;re not away at all .

und in diesem szenario stellen sie sich vor , dass in einem fall das sperma ein y chomosom trägt , das auf das x chromosom der eizelle trifft .
and in this scenario , i want to imagine that , in one case , the sperm is carrying a y chromosome , meeting that x chromosome of the egg .
and in this scenario , they imagine that in a case , the sperm is wearing a chomosom , which hits the chromosome of the cell .
and in this scenario , imagine that in a case , a chma chomosom , which is true on the chromosome of the cell .

ich denke , &quot; frisch &quot; ist ein super wort , dass diese kategorie wirklich zu etwas positivem macht , im gegensatz zu &quot; bekämpft geruch und feuchtigkeit . &quot;
i think &quot; fresh &quot; is a great word that really spins this category into the positive , versus &quot; fights odor and wetness . &quot;
i think , &quot; frozen &quot; is a great word that this category really makes something positive , as opposed to &quot; fatal smell and weak . &quot;
i think , &quot; fresh &quot; is a great word that this category really makes something positive , in contrary , as opposed to &quot; weak and weak . &quot;

während ich das tue , werde ich ihnen auch einige der lektionen mitgeben , die ich , ob sie es glauben oder nicht , aus diesen abenteuern gelernt habe , nichts neues zu tragen .
so as i do this , i &apos;m also going to tell you a few of the life lessons that , believe it or not , i have picked up in these adventures wearing nothing new .
as i do that , i &apos;m also going to give you some of the lessons that i believe that they don &apos;t believe it or not , from these disabled , have learned nothing to carry on .
while i &apos;m doing that , i &apos;m going to give you some of the lessons that i think you &apos;re in or not learning from these absence , nothing new .

die spannende phase kam als wir dieses stück inerte chemikalie nahmen und in ein bakterium gaben , und das bakterium begann den genetischen code zu lesen und machte virale partikel .
the exciting phase came when we took this piece of inert chemical and put it in the bacteria , and the bacteria started to read this genetic code , made the viral particles .
the exciting phase came when we took this piece of inherited chemical and put it into a bacterium , and the bacterium started reading the genetic code , and made viral particles .
the exciting phase phase was when we took this piece of chemistry , and in a bacterium to try to read the bacterium , and the bacteria started to read the genetic code and made it viral particles .

das bedeutet , achtung , wenn sie das jetzt wissen , achten sie drauf , wen sie wie lange anschauen , weil ich übernehme da keine gewähr für , was dann eben entsprechend passieren kann .
that means , attention , now you know that , pay attention to how long you look at someone , because i will not be held responsible for what might happen .
that means that if you know that now , you &apos;re looking at who you &apos;re looking at how long you look like , because i don &apos;t take a pile for what &apos;s going to happen .
that means , lighting , if you know this now , pay attention to who you look at how long you look like , because i don &apos;t have a chose for what &apos;s going to happen .

aber ich wette , dass ihn das spielen mit der bodenschwelle eine sehr wertvolle lektion lehrte , nämlich das große dinge dich nicht einfach vorbei lassen , und dass sie an einer stelle bleiben .
but i bet playing with this car stop taught him a really valuable lesson , and that &apos;s that large things don &apos;t let you get right past them , and that they stay in one place .
but i bet that it &apos;s playing with the booth threshold with a very valuable lesson , which is that the great things don &apos;t just leave you , and that you stay in a place .
but i bet it &apos;s playing with the bosnia , a very valuable lesson , which doesn &apos;t just leave you with the big things , and that you &apos;re going to stay in a place .

es gibt viele betriebe , die sich gerne in amerika ansiedeln würden , besonders an einem ort mit einer freihandelszone , und es gibt viele menschen , die gerne dort wohnen würden .
there &apos;s lots of businesses that would like to locate in the americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there &apos;s lots of people who &apos;d like to go there .
there are a lot of crafts that would like to look like in america , especially in a place with a liberal zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to live there .
there are lots of operators that would like to look at in america , especially in a place with a free zone , and there are lots of people who would like to live there .

usability bedeutet immer , wie kann ich möglichst schnell ein gewisses ziel erreichen oder wie kann ein nutzer in einem bestimmten nutzungskontext möglichst effektiv , effizient und zufriedenstellend ein ziel erreichen .
usability always means how can i reach a goal as soon as possible or how can a user reach a goal in a certain user context in an as effective , efficient and satisfying way possible .
and so , you know , it &apos;s always about how i can achieve a quick goal , or how to use a usage in a specific context , efficient , efficient and satisfying a goal .
and so as much as i can quickly achieve a goal , or how can we use a user in a particular context in a specific context , efficient and satisfaction a goal .

er wird immer noch , wegen seiner früheren geschichten , mit dem skeptiker-camp assoziiert , aber er hat verstanden , dass das eine sehr einsame gruppe ist und deshalb bringt er jetzt das forschungsargument .
he &apos;s still , because of his earlier stuff , still associated with the skeptic camp , but he &apos;s realized that &apos;s a pretty lonely camp , and so , he &apos;s making the r &amp; amp ; d point .
it &apos;s still becoming more , because of his earlier stories , with the skeptical camp , but he understood that this is a very one-on-one group , and that &apos;s why he &apos;s doing the research now .
he &apos;s still going to be , because of his early stories , with the skeptical camp , but he understood that this is a very common group , and so he &apos;s now the research argument .

bei beiden ist es nicht zu spät damit anzufangen , um herauszufinden , ob sie es nicht doch können , oder zu lernen , wie man diese kleinen muskeln , die die stimmbänder einstellen , richtig benutzt .
in both cases , it &apos;s not too late to start , to find out whether you might not after all be able to sing , or to learn how to properly use these little muscles that attune the vocal chords .
in both of them , it &apos;s not too late to start trying to figure out if they can &apos;t be able to learn it , or learn how to use these little muscles that are used to be right .
in both of them , it &apos;s not too late to figure out if they can &apos;t , or learn to learn how to put these little muscles that are voting .

also extrahierten und dekompilierten wir den angriffs- code und fanden heraus , dass er in zwei digitale sprengköpfe aufstrukturiert ist -- einen kleineren und einen größeren .
so we extracted and decompiled the attack code , and we discovered that it &apos;s structured in two digital bombs -- a smaller one and a bigger one .
so extracted and decomed , we took the angriffs code , and found out that it &apos;s built into two digital heads , which is a little bit of a smaller and a bigger one .
so extracted and decomposed , we found the angriffin code -- and found that he was embedded in two digital stores -- a smaller and bigger .

es liegt in unseren händen und wir haben das ganze potenzial hier , um das leben zu ändern von zukünftigen generationen -- nicht nur für die soldaten , oder für amanda hier und alle rollstuhlfahrer , sondern für alle .
it &apos;s in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change the lives of future generations -- not only for the soldiers , or for amanda here and all the wheelchair users , but for everyone .
it &apos;s in our hands , and we have the whole potential here to change the lives of future generations -- not just for the soldiers , or for amanda , and all the wheelers , but for everyone .
it &apos;s in our hands , and we have the whole potential here to change the lives of future generations -- not just for soldiers , or for the soldiers here , or amanda drivers , but for all of us .

sie sehen das bild des platzes circo massimo , wo , seit der römischen zeit , die menschen zum feiern hingehen – um eine große party zu haben , und sie sehen den ausschlag am ende des tages .
you see the image of the place called circo massimo , where , since roman times , people go to celebrate , to have a big party , and you see the peak at the end of the day .
you can see the image of the plate massimo , where , since the tube , the tube , the people are going to celebrate -- to have a big party , and you &apos;re seeing the impact on the end of the day .
you can see the image of the plain massimo , where since the tube has been looking for time to celebrate people to celebrate -- to have a big party , and you see the impact on the end of the day .

wir fingen dann an , über musik zu sprechen , angefangen von bach über beethoven , brahms , bruckner und all die anderen bs , von bartók bis hin zu esa-pekka salonen .
and we started talking about music , from bach to beethoven and brahms , bruckner , all the b &apos;s , from bartók , all the way up to esa-pekka salonen .
and then we started talking about music , starting from bach to beethoven , brahms , brutner and all the others , from barbark to pepper salt .
we then started talking about music , from bach to beethoven , brave , brutbacks , and all the other , from barbs to miclona .

ich ordnete das röntgen der nieren an . als das ohne befund war , stellte mein kollege bei der wiedervorstellung des patienten eine verhärtung im unteren rechten sektor fest und rief die operateure .
i ordered a kidney x-ray . when it turned out to be normal , my colleague who was doing a reassessment of the patient noticed some tenderness in the right lower quadrant and called the surgeons .
i put the x-ray of nits , and when that wasn &apos;t an incentive , my colleague was restored by the patient &apos;s idea of restoration in the lower sector and called the surgery .
i put the x-ray of the kidney , and when that was without the fund , my colleague was recruiting the idea of the patient &apos;s disease in the lower sector and called the operations .

weil , dass ich die dinge wie die stückchen greifen kann , touchen kann und sie kommen auf mich zu , ist wesentlich natürlicher als wenn über hierarchisch organisierte webseiten oder andere mechanismen sozusagen diese dinge zugänglich machen kann .
because the fact that i can grab hold of things like these little pieces , that i can touch them and they come to me , is considerably more natural than when i am able to make these things accessible via hierarchically organised websites or other mechanisms so to speak .
because , as i can understand things like the slices , the touches , and it can come up to me , it &apos;s much more natural than if hierarchically organized websites or other mechanisms can make these things available .
because i can understand the things like the piece of pieces , you can get it , and it &apos;s a lot more natural than if you think about hierarchy websites or other mechanisms can make these things accessible .

also habe ich einen weiteren mit fakten gefüllten vortrag gehalten , der eine grafik wie dieses beinhaltet hat , die versucht zu verdeutlichen , dass , wenn man viel wert schaffen will in einer stadt , es eine sehr große stadt sein muss .
so i presented another fact-filled lecture that included a slide like this , which tried to make the point that , if you want to create a lot of value in a city , it has to be very big .
so , i kept thinking about other facts , which has a graph like this , which is trying to figure out that if you want to create a lot of value in a city , it has to be a very big city .
so , i gave another one of the facts with facts , which has been a graph like this , trying to realize that if you want to create much value in a city , it has to be a very big city .

der film brachte zwar kein geld ein , genau gesagt spielte er gerade mal seine produktionskosten ein , doch bemerkte ich etwas faszinierendes : das publikum auf der ganzen welt war wie hypnotisiert vom zauber , der davon ausging .
and even though the film didn &apos;t make any money -- barely broke even , i should say -- i witnessed something amazing , which is that the audience , the global audience , was mesmerized by this apparent magic .
the movie didn &apos;t get a money , but he was just playing his productivity , but i noticed something fascinating : the audience in the world was like hypnover &apos;s magic from the magic of it .
the film didn &apos;t take a money , just said , he just played his production costs , but i noticed something fascinating : the audience in the world was like hypnover from the magic that went out of it .

der andere hut , den ich bei meiner arbeit getragen habe , ist der der aktivistin , als patientinnenanwältin -- oder , wie ich manchmal sage , als ungeduldige anwältin -- von menschen , die patienten von ärzten sind .
the other hat that i &apos;ve worn in my work is as an activist , as a patient advocate -- or , as i sometimes say , as an impatient advocate -- for people who are patients of doctors .
the other hut that i &apos;ve been wearing in my work is the activist , as an interior lawyer -- or , as i say , sometimes as impatient lawyers -- people who are doctors of doctors .
the other hut that i &apos;ve contributed in my work is the activist , as a patient doctor lawyer -- or like i sometimes say , as a patient &apos;s impatient -- people who are physicians .

wir arbeiten in einem system in dem jeden tag fehler passieren , in dem ein von 10 medikationen entweder eine falsche oder falsch dosiert ist , in dem krankenhausinfektionen immer und immer zahlreicher werden und verwüstung oder tot verursachen .
we work in a system where errors happen every day , where one in 10 medications are either the wrong medication given in hospital or at the wrong dosage , where hospital-acquired infections are getting more and more numerous , causing havoc and death .
we &apos;re working in a system where every day we &apos;re going to happen , where a 10 medications is either wrong or wrong , and we &apos;re always going to be paid in hospitals , and we &apos;re going to get married and weighed up or dead .
we &apos;re working in a system in which every day is going to happen , in which a 10 medications of medicines are either a false or wrong , in the hospital , and they &apos;re always getting more and more and more and more and more affordable or dead things .

nehmen sie zum beispiel dieses kind der barasana im nordwesten des amazonas , das volk der anakonda , glauben , dass sie mythologisch den milchfluss vom osten her im bauch von heiligen schlangen heraufkamen .
take , for example , this child of a barasana in the northwest amazon , the people of the anaconda who believe that mythologically they came up the milk river from the east in the belly of sacred snakes .
so for example , if you take this child of barana in the northwest part of the amazon , the people who believe that they could get mythologically off the middle east river in the middle east .
for example , if you take this child from the barasana in the north of amazon , the people of the people of anacongress , believe that they had the mythologically river from the east to the sacred .

letztes jahr habe ich diese beiden folien gezeigt , um zu veranschaulichen , dass die arktische eiskappe , die für annähernd drei millionen jahre die grösse der unteren 48 staaten hatte , um 40 prozent geschrumpft ist .
last year i showed these two slides so that demonstrate that the arctic ice cap , which for most of the last three million years has been the size of the lower 48 states , has shrunk by 40 percent .
last year , i showed these two slides to illustrate that the arctic ice caps , which had three million years the size of the lower 48 states to 40 percent .
last year , i showed these two slides to illustrate that the arctic eggs , which had been close to three million years of the bottom of the bottom 48 states , about 40 percent .

ich begann damit , wissenschaftliche literatur durchzuarbeiten , darüber wie diese zentrifugen in natanz gebaut werden und fand heraus , dass sie strukturiert sind in sogenannten kaskaden , und jede kaskade enthält 164 zentrifugen .
i started to research scientific literature on how these centrifuges are actually built in natanz and found they are structured in what is called a cascade , and each cascade holds 164 centrifuges .
i started working with working on scientific literature , about how these centuries are built in nates and found out that they &apos;re structured in so-called cackage , and each of which includes 164 centrifuge .
i started working through scientific literature about how these centrifuges are built in natance , and found that they were structured in something called kaskage , and every kaskage of 164 centrives .

was ich stattdessen mache , und was auch die designer von thinking machines machen , ist , wir denken auf einer gewissen abstraktionsebene , übergeben diese der maschine und die maschine macht daraus etwas , das unsere fähigkeiten weit übersteigt , besser und schneller als wir es selber jemals machen könnten .
instead , what i do and what the designers at thinking machines do is we think at some level of abstraction and then we hand it to the machine and the machine takes it beyond what we could ever do , much farther and faster than we could ever do .
what i do instead , and what the designers are doing , is we think , we &apos;re thinking about a certain abstract device , these machine , and the machine is doing something that makes our skills far better , and faster than we could ever do it .
what i do instead of doing , and what designers are doing by the designers , is we think we &apos;re thinking about a certain abstract , and the machine of this machine and the machine makes something that &apos;s going to make our skills better , and faster than we could ever do it .

und ja , also , man sieht , es ist relativ relativ heterogen , also das gibt es halt von leuten , die das alleine daheim machen , bis hin zu großen also größeren organisationen , die halt das mehr formal auch schon in institutionalisierter form schon betreiben .
but always always with this this approach , that it should be simple and accessible .
and yeah , so , you know , it &apos;s relatively heteroterogeneous , so that &apos;s the sales of people who are doing the home , all the way to bigger organizations , so that they &apos;re doing more times more in institutional form .
and yes , you see , it &apos;s relatively heterotic , so there are people who are going to go home to the home , so much larger organizations that are already going to do this in institutional form .

bei einigen der folgenden expeditionen habe ich wesen in thermalquellen gesehen , und manchmal dinge , die ich noch nie vorher gesehen hatte , manchmal auch dinge , die überhaupt noch niemand zuvor gesehen hatte und für die die wissenschaft zum zeitpunkt , als wir sie sahen , noch gar keine worte gefunden hatte .
as we did some of our subsequent expeditions , i was seeing creatures at hydrothermal vents and sometimes things that i had never seen before , sometimes things that no one had seen before , that actually were not described by science at the time that we saw them and imaged them .
in some of the following expeditions , i &apos;ve seen creatures in thermal sources , and sometimes things that i &apos;ve never seen before , sometimes things that no one had ever seen before , no one had ever seen before , and for science at the time , when we saw them , we didn &apos;t even have words .
at some of the following expeditions , i saw creatures in thermal sources , and sometimes things that i had never seen before , sometimes things that nobody had seen before , and for the science at the time , when we saw them , didn &apos;t find words .

wie können diese menschen aus einer flora von 80.000 arten adstringierender pflanzen diese zwei morphologisch nicht verwandten pflanzen finden , die , wenn auf diese weise kombiniert , eine art von biochemischer version schaffen , so dass das ganze größer als die summe seiner teile ist ?
how , in a flora of 80,000 species of vascular plants , do these people find these two morphologically unrelated plants that when combined in this way , created a kind of biochemical version of the whole being greater than the sum of the parts ?
how can these people come from a flora from 80,000 species of adolescent plants that don &apos;t find these two morphologically related plants that can be combined if these kinds of biochemical version , which is so bigger than the sum of its parts ?
how can these people get from a flora from 80,000 species , these two morphonia plants , not related to plants that can be combined by combined in this way , a kind of biochemical version that this is bigger than the parts of its parts ?

aber da nur eine firma , eine agentur bereit war , uns zu helfen -- und das auch nur , weil ich john bond und richard kirshenbaum seit jahren kenne -- stellte ich fest , dass ich es allein tun musste , ich musste den mittelsmann umgehen und direkt mit meinem team zu den firmen gehen .
but with only one company , one agency willing to help me -- and that &apos;s only because i knew john bond and richard kirshen<<unk>> for years -- i realized that i would have to go on my own , i &apos;d have to cut out the middleman and go to the companies myself with all of my team .
but there &apos;s only a company that was ready to help us -- and that &apos;s just because i know john bond and richard shena for years -- i found that i had to do it alone , i had to go to go to the middle class and go to my team .
but there was just a company , an agent was willing to help us -- and that &apos;s just because john bond and church and richard church has been known for years -- i realized that i had to do it alone , i had to go directly to the middle east and go to my team .

diese älteren menschen kommen jetzt zu mir und sagen : » mr , stevenson , sie reden , sie halten vorträge . sie sagen den menschen , dass sie aufhören sollen zu sagen , dass wir es zum ersten mal in der geschichte unserer nation mit terrorismus zu tun haben : nach dem 11. september . «
and these older people come up to me now and they say , &quot; mr. stevenson , you give talks , you make speeches , you tell people to stop saying we &apos;re dealing with terrorism for the first time in our nation &apos;s history after 9 / 11 . &quot;
now , these older people come to me and say to me , &quot; mr , &quot; stemson , vendson , you talk about it , and they say that people should stop telling you that we have the first time to do it in the history of our nation with terrorism , &quot; after 9 / 11 / 11 . &quot;
these older people are coming to me now and say , &quot; mr , stevenson , you &apos;re talking , you &apos;re talking to people . tell people to say that we should say that we should have the first time to do it in our nation with terrorism : after 9 / 11 . &quot;

nicht durch die neuesten mähdrescher- und traktor-erfindungen , sondern durch fruchtbares land , nicht durch pumpen , sondern durch frisches wasser , nicht durch kettensägen , sondern durch wälder , und nicht durch fischerboote und netze , sondern durch fische im meer .
not by the latest combine and tractor invention , but by fertile land ; not by pumps , but by fresh water ; not by chainsaws , but by forests ; and not by fishing boats and nets , but by fish in the sea .
not by the latest mice , and tractors and tractors , but through fruit land , not through pumps , but through water , not by frozen water , not by tenacious , but by lawyers , and not by fishing and fishing , but through the sea .
not by the latest mimics and trajectory , but through fruits of fruit land , not through fertilizers , not through pump , but through fresh water , not through cash , but through forests , but through forests , not by fishing and fishing and flats , but through the ocean .

was ich ihnen zuerst , so schnell wie möglich , zeigen werde , ist die grundlegende arbeit , eine neue technologie , die wir microsoft als teil einer übernahme vor genau einem jahr , übergeben haben . das ist seadragon . und es ist eine umgebung , in der sie entweder lokal oder entfernt mit riesigen mengen von visuellen daten umgehen können .
what i &apos;m going to show you first , as quickly as i can , is some foundational work , some new technology that we brought to microsoft as part of an acquisition almost exactly a year ago . this is seadragon , and it &apos;s an environment in which you can either locally or remotely interact with vast amounts of visual data .
well , what i &apos;m going to show you first is as quickly as possible , as quickly as possible , the fundamental work is a new technology that we think of as microsoft as an exception to one year ago , and that &apos;s seatragon . and it &apos;s a environment where you can either go to the local environment , or with huge amounts of visual data .
first of all , what i &apos;m going to show you is what i &apos;m going to show you , as quickly as possible , is the fundamental work , a new technology that we have as a part of a part of a year ago , which is just a year ago , and that &apos;s the seadgion , and it &apos;s a environment that &apos;s either able to be able to be able to get some kind of visual data from .

und wenn man sich dann teilweise die software , die wir eben gesehen haben , darauf anschaut , dann wird man auch verstehen , warum neunundneunzig prozent unserer heutigen software wenig intuitiv oder nicht auf anhieb nutzbar ist , das i-pad in vielen bereichen oder i-phone entsprechend eingeschlossen , obwohl &apos; s schon wesentlich intuitiver ist als klassische software .
and if you look at some of the software in those terms , then you &apos;ll understand why ninety-nine percent of today &apos;s software is less intuitive or not instantaneously usable , including the ipad in many areas or the iphone , although it &apos;s already a lot more intuitive than classical software .
and if you &apos;re in part of the software that we &apos;ve just seen , it &apos;s going to look at what you &apos;re going to understand , why nine-nine-percent of our software is not a little bit intuitive or user , it &apos;s called the ipad in many areas or iphones , even though it &apos;s much more intuitive as a piece of software .
and then , if you look at the software that we &apos;ve seen , you &apos;re looking at it , then you &apos;re also going to understand why neanderthals are unintuitive of our current software today , or not very intuitive or useless , in many areas , in many areas , even though it &apos;s more intuitive than classical software .

vor ein paar jahre wurde der lasker-preis dem wissenschaftler shinya yamanaka verliehen für seine forschung in der er eine erwachsene hautzelle nahm , eine fibroblasten , und durch die manipulation von nur vier genen , die zelle induzierte , um sie zu einer pluripotenten stammzelle zurückzuführen - eine zelle potentiell in der lage ist beliebige zelle in deinem körper zu werden .
a couple of years ago , the lasker prize was awarded to the scientist shinya yamanaka for his research in which he took an adult skin cell , a fibroblast , and by manipulating just four genes , he induced that cell to revert to a pluripotential stem cell -- a cell potentially capable of becoming any cell in your body .
a couple of years ago , the laser prize for shinya inyamyamana was taken for his research in which he took a sculptor , a fiber , and through the manipulation of only four genes to restore them to a pluripotent cell -- a potential cell in the popular body is able to become a body in your body .
a couple of years ago , the laser scientist shinya asyanya amyanan exploration for his research in which he took a normal skin , a broader , and through the manipulation of only four , the industrial cell to bring them back to a plug cell -- a potential cell in a potentially possible cell .

und als diese personen kamen und schauten , wer der beste protein-ordner der welt ist , war dies kein mit-professor , auch kein caltech-student , es war jemand aus england , manchester , eine frau , die tagsüber als assistentin der geschäftsleitung in einer reha-klinik arbeitete und nachts die beste protein-ordnerin der welt war .
and when these individuals went and looked at who was the best protein folder in the world , it wasn &apos;t an mit professor , it wasn &apos;t a caltech student , it was a person from england , from manchester , a woman who , during the day , was an executive assistant at a rehab clinic and , at night , was the world &apos;s best protein folder .
and as people came up and looked at these people and looked at who was the best proteins in the world , this was not a professor , including a caltech student , it was somebody from england , manchester , a woman , who worked on the queens in a business clinic , working in a business clinic and worked the best proteins in the world at night .
and when these people came and looked at these people and looked at the best proteins in the world , this was not a professor professor , not a caltech student , it was a tech student , somebody from england , a woman who worked on a lawyer , who was working on a lawyer at night in a lawyer at night , who was the best time and the dna of the world .

zum beispiel verwendeten frauen , die das wahlrecht anstrebten , das konzept der gründungsväter , das sagt , dass anatomische gemeinsamkeit wichtiger ist als der anatomische unterschied , und sagten , &quot; dass wir eine gebärmutter und eierstöcke haben ist als unterschied nicht bedeutsam genug , dass wir nicht das wahlrecht haben sollten , das recht auf volle staatsbürgerschaft , das recht eigentum zu besitzen , etc , etc. &quot;
what happened was women , for example , who wanted the right to vote , took the founding fathers &apos; concept of anatomical commonality being more important than anatomical difference and said , &quot; the fact that we have a uterus and ovaries is not significant enough in terms of a difference to mean that we shouldn &apos;t have the right to vote , the right to full citizenship , the right to own property , etc . , etc . &quot;
for instance , the founding concept that says anesthesia is an important difference , for example , for example , for example , women who used the right to use the voters , the founder of the founder , which says that anatomic anatomic is a significant difference , and said , &quot; we said that a mother and a mother is not a difference , but that we should not be able to do the right that we have the right thing , to do the right thing , to do that , to do that , &quot; etc . &quot;
so , for example , women used the law , the right to the voters , the voting , the voted concept , the concept of the founder , says that nuclear is more important than the nuclear difference , and that we said that a difference is not a difference , and that we don &apos;t have enough difference , that we don &apos;t have the right amount of choice to have the right to have the right to be right , the right to be right , to be right , to have the law , to be right .

