danke .
thanks .
thank you .
thank you .

come on .
come on .
come on .
jon .

vielen dank .
thank you so much .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

ta-da !
ta-da !
ta-da !
ta-da !

danke . danke !
thank you . thank you .
thank you . thank you .
thank you . thank you .

was haben sie gemacht ?
what did they do ?
what did they do ?
what did they do ?

ban ist blank .
ban is blank .
it &apos;s books .
dance is blank .

schon ein paar mehr .
quite a few more .
a few more .
a few more .

wohin gehen wir also ?
so where do we go ?
so where do we go ?
so where do we go ?

ich schwöre es .
i swear .
i swear it .
i swear it .

und das ist ziemlich erstaunlich .
and it &apos;s pretty amazing .
and that &apos;s pretty amazing .
and that &apos;s pretty amazing .

vielleicht 10 mal soviele .
maybe 10 times more .
maybe 10 times .
maybe 10 times .

das tat sie heimlich ,
she did it in secret .
this is what she did .
that &apos;s what she did .

... seine eigene geschichte erfinden .
inventing his own narrative .
... his own story invent .
... his own story .

sein name ist tempt .
this guy &apos;s name is tempt .
his name is tempt .
his name is tempt .

wie wäre es mit fitness ?
how about fitness ?
how about fitness ?
how about fitness ?

oder ist es vielleicht möglich ?
or , is it , perhaps , possible ?
or is it possible perhaps possible ?
or is it possible ?

meine frau hat sie mir erzählt .
my wife told me it .
my wife told me .
my wife told me .

weiß jemand , was das ist ?
does anybody know what this is ?
anyone know what this is ?
anyone know what this is ?

es ist nicht unsere bürde .
it &apos;s not our burden .
it &apos;s not our citizens .
it &apos;s not our citizens .

sie haben die geschichte nicht geändert .
you have not changed the story .
they don &apos;t changed the story .
they have not changed the story .

und das nehmen wir alles auf .
and we absorb all of it .
and that &apos;s what we &apos;re doing .
and that &apos;s what we take .

aber ich kaufe nichts neues .
but i don &apos;t buy anything new .
but i don &apos;t buy anything new .
but i don &apos;t buy anything new .

das hier sind alle metadaten .
so this is all of the meta-data information .
this is all the metadata .
this is all metadata .

und das ist aber ganz im anfang .
and that &apos;s just the beginning .
and that &apos;s quite in the beginning .
and that &apos;s really in the beginning .

das werde ich ihnen jetzt zeigen :
so i &apos;m going to try and show you what you really get for 10 billion pixels .
this is what i &apos;m going to show you now .
this is what i &apos;m going to show you .

also , sehen sie , was passiert .
so , here &apos;s what happens .
so , look what happens .
so , you see what happens .

damit höre ich auf , vielen dank .
so with that , i thank you .
so i listen to that , thank you very much .
so i listen to that , thank you very much .

diese flüsse nehmen rapide zu .
these flows are increasing very rapidly .
these fluctuations are going on .
these rivers take a very rapidly .

sie können das die ganze zeit machen .
you can go all the way through .
you can do this all the time .
you can do that all the time .

wir haben etwas , das nicht steigt ,
we have something that &apos;s not going up .
we have something that &apos;s not going on .
we have something that doesn &apos;t go up .

wir können alles noch mal neu erfinden .
we can re-invent things all over again .
we can reinvent everything else .
we can reinvent everything .

sie gaben ihr blutdruckerhöher .
they gave her medications to raise her blood pressure .
they gave their blood pressure up .
they gave their blood pressure up .

das ist also eine harte nuss .
so that &apos;s a tough one .
so this is a hard foot .
so this is a harm .

für energie fiel mir das hier ein .
so , with energy , all i could come up with is this .
so for energy , this is what i got here .
for energy , that &apos;s what i found here .

wir arbeiteten bis spät in die nacht .
we worked well into each night .
we worked in the night .
we worked up until the night .

lassen sie uns mit sonntag beginnen .
so let &apos;s start with sunday .
let &apos;s start with sunday .
let &apos;s start with sunday .

das hier ist ein ökologisches netzwerk .
this is an ecological network .
this is an ecological network .
this is an ecologist network .

und das war der ausbruch des als .
and that was the onset of als .
and that was the outbreak of the outcome .
and that was the breakdown of the one .

daniel kahneman : sicher .
daniel kahneman : sure .
daniel kahneman : sure .
daniel kaneman : sure .

eine besonders schöne geschichte , wie ich meine .
a particularly nice story , in my opinion .
a particularly beautiful story about how i mean .
a very beautiful story , as i mean .

das ist nur eine versicherungsmethode .
now , that &apos;s just an insurance policy .
this is just an insurance method .
that &apos;s just a safe method .

es gibt viele großartige bücher zu diesem thema .
there &apos;s a lot of great books that have been written about this .
there &apos;s a lot of great books on this topic .
there &apos;s a lot of great books to this topic .

schlafmangel ist allgegenwärtig .
sleep deprivation is absolutely pervasive .
sleep manner is ubiquitous .
sleep is ubiquitous .

die wassermengen haben sich vergrössert .
the flows have increased .
water amounts have huge amounts of size .
the water amounts have bigger .

darum geht es . dankeschön .
and that &apos;s it . thank you .
that &apos;s what it &apos;s about . thank you .
that &apos;s why . thank you .

sie sollen mir etwas über meine marke erzählen .
they need to tell me about my brand .
you want to tell me something about my brand .
you should tell me something about my brand .

das hier muss ganz nach unten , auf null .
this is something that has to get to zero .
this is going to have to go down to zero .
this has to go down , down to zero .

nun , ich betrat den gerichtssaal .
well i went into the courtroom .
well , i went to the courthouse .
well , i &apos;m cheating the court .

das ist ungefähr ein prozent der gesamtbevölkerung .
this is about one percent of the total population .
that &apos;s about one percent of the population .
this is about a percent of the population .

wie ist die futterverwertung ? &quot;
what &apos;s the feed conversion ratio ? &quot;
how about the feeding ? &quot;
how is the deforestation ? &quot;

und ich begab mich zurück an die arbeit .
and i went back to my work on the wards .
and i got back to work .
and i went back to work .

die lehrer wussten nicht , dass etwas geändert wurde .
the teachers didn &apos;t know a switch had been made .
the teachers didn &apos;t know that something was changed .
the teachers didn &apos;t know that something was changed .

und natürlich hat es dann aber klick gemacht .
and , but of course , actually , it did click .
and of course , it did it , but then click .
and of course , it was clicking .

also smart-grid , ein riesenthema überall .
smart grids are a hot topic at the moment everywhere .
so smarter , a giant theme everywhere .
so smarter , a huge topic everywhere .

ich kann es nicht , aber dieser typ kann es .
i can &apos;t , but this guy can .
i can &apos;t , but this guy can .
i can &apos;t , but this guy can do it .

da scheint es eine unstimmigkeit zu geben .
there seems to be a discrepancy .
there seems to be an imperative .
there seems to be an uncomfortable .

das niederschreiben der dna war ein interessanter schritt .
writing down the dna was an interesting step .
the dna writing was an interesting step .
the compression of dna was an interesting step .

ich wusste nicht , wie man über wein spricht .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about wine .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about wine .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about wine .

überlegen wir uns , wie wir unseren erfolg messen sollten .
so let &apos;s think : how should we measure ourselves ?
let &apos;s think about how we should measure our success .
let &apos;s think about how we should measure our success .

und das war keine schwer zu stellenden diagnose .
and that wasn &apos;t a difficult diagnosis to make .
and that was not a hard way to diagnose diagnosis .
and that was not hard to diagnose diagnosis .

sehen sie , dr. kean hat sein denken verändert .
see , dr. kean made that shift in thinking .
look , dr. kean has changed his thinking .
see , dr. kean has changed his thinking .

aber wissen sie , worauf sie kein recht haben ?
but you know what you &apos;re not entitled to ?
but you know what you don &apos;t have a right ?
but do you know what you don &apos;t have right ?

die leute in den nebenräumen kommen jetzt rein .
people in the satellite room are starting to move in now .
the people in the side are now coming in .
people in the side are now coming in .

sie zeigt sich auch an anderen stellen des buches .
it reveals itself to you at certain points in the book as well .
it also turns out to other places of the book .
she also shows himself in other places of the book .

die politik ändert sich nicht ; die regierung ist im wandel .
politics is not changing ; government is changing .
politics doesn &apos;t change ; the government is in change .
politics doesn &apos;t change ; the government is in change .

das sollte jetzt eigentlich gar kein witz sein , aber .
that &apos;s not supposed to be a joke , but here in the image below you can see there &apos;s the laboratory , in quotation marks , so a closed up garage with all this laboratory equipment that the university got rid of , a group in paris that set something set up something and is very successful with it and does some really interesting things there . i &apos;d like to briefly mention a project .
now that &apos;s not supposed to be a joke , but it &apos;s not a joke .
now this should actually be not a joke , but .

es gibt einfach keinen weg , es richtig hin zu bekommen .
there &apos;s just no way of getting it right .
there &apos;s just no way to get it right .
there &apos;s just no way to get it right .

und hier sind zwei patienten . das sind ihre aufzeichnungen .
here are two patients , those are their recordings .
and here are two patients . these are their records .
and here are two patients . these are their records .

außerdem ist der energiepreis für sie sehr wichtig .
also , the price of energy is very important to them .
also , the energy source is very important for them .
and the energy is very important for them .

und ich denke , es gibt fast einen widerspruch damit .
and i think there &apos;s almost a paradox with those .
and i think there &apos;s almost a contradiction .
and i think there &apos;s almost a contradiction to it .

wäre es nicht schöner , ihnen türen zu öffnen ?
wouldn &apos;t we want to open doors for them instead ?
wouldn &apos;t it be nice to open towers ?
wouldn &apos;t it be nice to open your doors ?

und ich sage : &quot; schränke dich nicht selbst ein .
and i say , &quot; don &apos;t put limitations on yourself .
and i say , &quot; limits you not a self .
and i say , &quot; well don &apos;t give you a self .

das ist nicht unmöglich , aber es ist nicht so leicht .
it &apos;s not impossible , but it &apos;s not a very easy thing .
that &apos;s not impossible , but it &apos;s not that easy .
that &apos;s not impossible , but it &apos;s not that easy .

als kind zeichnete ich ständig comicbücher und so .
and i was , as a kid , constantly drawing comic books , and so on .
as a child , i always recorded comic books and so on .
as a child , i recorded comic books and so forth .

viele von ihnen sind von gesichtern verdeckt usw .
so many of them are occluded by faces , and so on .
many of you are covered by faces and so on .
a lot of them are covered by faces .

ich meine , wissen sie , sie können ihre eigene liste wählen .
you know , you can choose your list .
i mean , you know , you can choose your own list .
i mean , you know , you can choose your own list .

die idee ist , ein digitales sicherheitssystem zu überlisten .
the idea is to circumvent a digital safety system .
the idea is to translate a digital security system .
the idea is to overcome a digital security system .

es gibt andere vergnügen , aber das ist dominant .
there are other pleasures , but this is dominant .
there are other pleasure , but that &apos;s dominant .
there are other pleasure , but that &apos;s dominant .

es gibt keine andere beschreibung für das , was hier passiert .
there &apos;s no other way to describe what &apos;s going on here .
there &apos;s no other description of what &apos;s going on here .
there &apos;s no other description for what &apos;s happening here .

sie war eine taffe , starke frau , sie hatte wirkung .
she was tough , she was strong , she was powerful .
she was a weapon , strong woman , she had effect .
she was a weapon , strong woman , she had effect .

öffnen sie die karte , und springen sie mit einem klick .
open the plan up , and , in one click , jump .
open the map , jump with a click .
open the map , and jump with a click .

und der film wird &quot; the <unk> <unk> ever <unk> &quot; heißen .
so the movie will be called &quot; the greatest movie ever sold . &quot;
and the movie is going to be called &quot; the boxes . &quot;
and the movie is going to be &quot; realizing , &quot; realizing . &quot;

wir haben in holland uns jetzt über drei jahre eingesetzt .
in holland we &apos;ve been working on this for over three years now .
we &apos;ve been using three years now .
we &apos;ve been using in holland now over three years .

können sie aber doch , wenn sie sich in eine ausländische
except they can if they hack into a foreign c.a .
but you can , if you &apos;re in a foreign place .
but you can &apos;t , if you &apos;re in a foreign foreign .

die erfindung der sprache beispielsweise war ein kleiner schritt in diese richtung .
so for example , the invention of language was a tiny step in that direction .
for example , the invention of language was a small step in this direction .
the invention of language was a little step in this direction .

also das gerät , das man da sieht , das hat nicht funktioniert .
so the device you see here didn &apos;t work .
so the device you see there is not working .
so the device you see , it doesn &apos;t work .

wir glauben , sie ist sauber -- und riecht auch noch gut
we think it &apos;s clean -- smells good , too .
we think it &apos;s clean -- and it smells even well .
we think it &apos;s clean -- and we still smell well .

ich war schockiert und bis ins innere zerrüttet .
and i was shocked and shaken to the core .
i was shocked and crushed to the inside .
i was shocked and shocked up to the inner body .

und das sollten wir auch nicht . unser gesundheitssystem ist mies .
and we shouldn &apos;t : our health care system sucks .
and we should not . our healthcare system is mimic .
and we should not . our healthcare system is mimic .

was es ruiniert hatte waren die erinnerungen an die erfahrung .
what it had ruined were the memories of the experience .
what it said was the memories of the experience .
what it was ruined was the memories of experience .

und sie fragte ihn , was sind denn deine hobbys ?
and she asked him , so what are your hobbies ?
and she asked him , what are your hobbies ?
and she asked him , what are your hobbies ?

aber in meiner menschlichkeit habe ich auch meinem ego raum gegeben .
but in my humanity , i also allow my ego to get in .
but in my humanity , i also gave my ego space .
but in my humanity , i also gave my ego space .

heutzutage kann also evolution in der zeitspanne von mikrosekunden geschehen .
so now , evolution can take place on a scale of microseconds .
so today , evolution can happen in time period of microseconds .
so today , evolution can happen in the time period of microseconds .

der weg freiheit zu maximieren ist wahl zu maximieren .
the way to maximize freedom is to maximize choice .
the freedom to maximize is to maximize .
the way to maximize is to maximize .

aber die frage , die ich aufwerfen will ist : warum nicht ?
but the question that i kind of want to pose is -- you know , why not ?
but the question i want to throw up is : why not ?
but the question i want to throw up is : why not ?

wie wäre es mit beiträgen , die wir nicht einmal vorhersagen können ?
what about contributions we can &apos;t even predict ?
how about both tears that we can &apos;t even predict ?
how about both tears we can &apos;t even predict ?

da gab &apos; s die kernforschungsanlage leopoldshafen .
there was the leopoldshafen nuclear research plant .
there was the nuclear research facilities of the oil plant .
there was the core research in leopolar shadow .

wir degradieren einen menschen , der für unsere gesellschaft einen wert hat .
we are effectively grading someone &apos;s worth to our community .
we &apos;re degrading a man who has a value for our society .
we degraded a man who has value for our society .

die größte angst hatten sie vor piraten , vergewaltigung und tod .
the greatest fear was of pirates , rape and death .
the biggest fear they had before edges , rape and death .
the biggest fear they were afraid of piracy , violent and death .

auf der letzten ted konferenz gab ich eine einführung zum lhc .
last year at ted i gave an introduction to the lhc .
on the last ted conference , i gave a introduction to lhc .
on the last ted conference , i gave a leadership to lhc .

ich will also in diese maschine , und ich will in die zukunft gehen .
so i want to get in the machine , and i want to go forward .
so i want to go into this machine , and i want to go to the future .
so i want to go into this machine , and i want to go to the future .

wenn wir in der tat kein phosphor aufnehmen und abgeben .
if , in fact , we couldn &apos;t absorb and release phosphorus .
in fact , if we don &apos;t take phosphorus and abandon it .
if we actually don &apos;t take a phosphorus and put it down .

und sie hat sich reibungslos verbreitet , organisch , natürlich .
and this has spread just frictionlessly , organically , naturally .
and it &apos;s spread , of course , of course , of course .
and she &apos;s spreading , organic , of course , of course .

und sein bruder sagte : &quot; ich will nur wieder mit tony reden können .
and his brother said , &quot; i just want to be able to talk to tony again .
and his brother said , &quot; i just want to talk to tony with tony .
and his brother said , &quot; i just want to talk to tony again .

haufenweise studien wurden durchgeführt um zu sehen , ob das stimmte .
tons of studies were done to see if this was true .
so studies have been done in order to see if this was true .
well , studies have been done to see if that was right .

und sie war viel schlimmer für a als für b in der erinnrung .
and it was much worse for a than for b , in memory .
and she was much worse for a when he was in the memory .
and she was much worse than for a b in remembering .

sie ist die letzte abwehr , bevor etwas in den körper eintritt .
it &apos;s the last defense before anything enters the body .
it &apos;s the last drop before something goes into the body .
it &apos;s the last shell before something comes into the body .

und dieses spiel wurde von universitätsprofessoren usw. gespielt .
and this game has been played by university professors and so forth .
and this game was played by university professors and so on .
and this game was played by university projects .

bücher zu schreiben ist mein beruf , aber es ist natürlich mehr als das .
writing books is my profession but it &apos;s more than that , of course .
writing books is my profession , but it &apos;s more than that .
writing books is my job , but of course , it &apos;s more than that .

und am ende wollen sie nur die erbärmlichen überreste erhalten .
at the end you want to sustain miserable leftovers .
and at the end , they just want to get the poorest surfaces .
and at the end of the end , they just want to get the poorest overwhelming .

dann müssen wir unsere must-run kapazitäten im netz abbauen .
and then we have to decrease our must-run capacities in the network .
then we need to build our must-box capacity in the net .
and then we have to build our mutual capacity in the net .

es gibt 68 millionen menschen , die weltweit geschätzt im rollstuhl sitzen .
there are 68 million people estimated to be in wheelchairs worldwide .
there are 68 million people sitting around the world in the wheelchair .
there are 68 million people sitting around the world who are sitting in the wheelchair .

natürlich würde meine großmutter all ihren enkeln sagen , sie seien etwas besonderes .
when i thought about my grandmother , of course she would think all her grandkids were special .
of course , my grandmother would say all your grandchildren , you &apos;d be something special .
of course , my grandmother would say to all their grandchildren , they &apos;re something special .

wenn sie das irgendwo runterreißen , dann dauert &apos; s &apos; ne weile .
if you put that down somewhere , it takes a while .
if you roll that somewhere , it takes a while , it takes a while .
if you put that somewhere in somewhere , it takes a long time .

es lässt sich überdies leicht überprüfen , dass er ganz anderes im sinn hat .
and it &apos;s easily proven that he has something entirely different in mind .
it makes sense that it &apos;s easy to check that it &apos;s very different in the sense .
it &apos;s easy to overcome that he &apos;s really different in the sense .

klinische depressionen explodierten in der industriellen welt in der letzten generation .
clinical depression has exploded in the industrial world in the last generation .
clinical depression exploded in the industrial world in the last generation .
clinical depression exploded in the industrial world in the last generation .

das ist eine folie , welche ich zufällig aus meinem ordner ausgewählt habe .
this is just a random slide that i picked out of my file .
this is a slide that i &apos;ve chosen from my cup .
this is a slide i chose from my legacy .

eigentlich wählen wir nicht zwischen erlebnissen . wir wählen zwischen erinnerungen an erlebnisse .
we actually don &apos;t choose between experiences , we choose between memories of experiences .
in fact , we don &apos;t choose between experiences . we choose between memories .
in fact , we don &apos;t choose between experiences . we choose between memories of memories .

denn alle reden über energie , aber niemand redet über das phosphor-problem .
because everybody &apos;s talking about energy , but nobody &apos;s talking about the phosphorus problem .
because everybody &apos;s talking about energy , but no one &apos;s talking about the phosphorus problem .
because everybody talks about energy , but nobody is talking about the phosphorus problem .

sie hatten dieses programm für 280.000 euro an die ägyptische regierung verkauft .
they had sold this tool for 280,000 euros to the egyptian government .
they had this program for 280,000 euros on the egyptian government .
they had sold this program for 280,000 dollars on egyptian government .

denn das ist natürlich ein bild , das man mit seiner kamera nicht aufnehmen kann .
because , of course , this is a photograph that you can &apos;t take with your camera .
because this is , of course , a picture you can &apos;t take on your camera .
because , of course , this is a picture that you can &apos;t take with your camera .

wir wissen alle was gut daran ist , also werde ich darüber was schlecht daran ist .
we all know what &apos;s good about it , so i &apos;m going to talk about what &apos;s bad about it .
we all know what &apos;s good about it , so i &apos;m going to talk about what &apos;s bad about it .
we all know what &apos;s good about this , so i &apos;m going to be bad about what &apos;s bad about it .

wenn ich mit dem einfachen anfange , lerne ich wie ich auswähle .
if i start you off easy , i learn how to choose .
when i start with the simple beginning , i learn how to chose it .
when i start with the simple fancy , i learn how to pick out .

bis in die 80er jahre hinein , wurde er in großem stil gefischt .
a big fishery was run on it until the &apos; 80s .
until the &apos; 80s , he was fished in great style .
until the &apos; 80s , he was fished in large style .

aber die waorani töteten nicht nur außenstehende mit dem speer .
but the waorani didn &apos;t just spear outsiders .
but the oranorani didn &apos;t just end up with the speecher .
but the oranorani didn &apos;t just end up with the speoper .

stellen sie sich vor , dass jeder eine kleine spende für einen bildpunkt geben kann .
imagine you can have everybody make a small donation for one pixel .
imagine everybody can give you a little donation for a point .
imagine that everyone can give you a little bit of screening for a screen .

ich ging nah ran , und bemerkte langsam , das diese kinder tatsächlich etwas schlugen .
went in , and i started noticing that these kids were actually beating something .
i went close to art , and i noticed that these kids actually did something like that .
i went close , and i realized that these kids actually suggested something .

12 bis 24 stunden später , hat sich alles wieder so zusammengefügt wie es war .
twelve to 24 hours later , it put it back together exactly as it was before .
12 to 24 hours later , everything has put together as it was .
12 to 24 hours later , everything has been sort of felt like it was .

dies sind entscheidungen mit denen ihre enkel , oder deren enkel , umgehen werden müssen .
these are choices that your grandchildren , or their grandchildren , are going to have before them .
these are decisions with which your grandchildren , or your grandchildren , are going to be able to deal with .
these are decisions that make their grandchildren , or their grandchildren , have to deal with .

es gibt diese antiken würfel , aus schafsknöcheln . wissen sie ?
these are ancient dice , made out of sheep &apos;s knuckles . right ?
there are these anticipated cuts of sheep . you know ?
there are these ancient cubes , from sheep . you know ?

wenn ich nun den begriff &quot; wunder &quot; benutze , meine ich nicht das unmögliche .
now , when i use the term &quot; miracle , &quot; i don &apos;t mean something that &apos;s impossible .
now , if i use the term &quot; miracle , &quot; i don &apos;t mean the impossible .
now , when i use the term &quot; miracle , &quot; i don &apos;t mean the impossible .

aber bei dem coolsten , woran ich je gearbeitet habe , ging es um diesen kerl .
but the coolest i ever worked on was around this guy .
but at the coolest i &apos;ve ever worked on , it was about this guy .
but in the coolest i &apos;ve ever worked on , it was about this guy .

er schaute mich an , als hätte ich gerade ein lied von whitney houston zitiert .
he looked at me like i had just quoted a whitney houston song .
he looked at me as if i had just quoted a song from whitney .
he looked at me when i had just taken a song of whitney houston houston .

er kann die leben von 400- , 500.000 kindern pro jahr in den entwicklungsländern retten .
it &apos;ll save the lives of 400 to 500,000 kids in the developing world every year .
he can save the lives of 40,000 , 500,000 children per year in the developing world .
he can save the lives of 4,000 , 500,000 children per year in the developing world .

diese organismen können total ausgetrocknet werden , sie können sogar im vakuum leben .
these organisms can be totally desiccated ; they can live in a vacuum .
these organisms can be totally dry , they can even live in the vacuum .
these organisms can be completely dry , they can actually live in the vacuum .

aber es geht nicht mal um leute wie uns , denn dies ist eine größere sache als das .
but it &apos;s not even about people like us , because this is a bigger deal than that .
but it &apos;s not even about people like us , because this is a bigger thing than that .
but it &apos;s not even about people like us , because this is a bigger thing than that .

danke , dass du uns eine heidenangst eingejagt hast . danke ralph .
thank you for scaring the living daylights out of us . thank you , ralph .
thank you for adding us a fear of fear . thank you .
thank you for hunting us a hot fear . thank you .

obwohl ich bei der feuerwehr bin , interessiere ich mich für pyrotechnische dinge .
you sense that that <<unk>> s the actual truth behind the sentence .
even though i &apos;m interested in the fire , i &apos;m interested in pyrotation things .
although i &apos;m in the fireflies , i &apos;m interested in pyrowing things .

so erschafft man tatsächlich eine digitale sammlung von fotos , die man dann online stellen kann .
and what happens is that you actually create a digital collection of photographs that you can then put up online .
so you can actually create a digital collection of photographs that you can put online online .
so you actually create a digital collection of photos that you can put online .

er ist bezahlbar und liebenswert , und arbeiter bleiben in lohn und brot .
he &apos;s affordable and adorable , and workers keep their pay .
he &apos;s affordable and loving value , and workers stay in loyalty and bread .
he &apos;s worthy and worthy , and workers stay in logic and bread .

ich habe alle diese filme , diese dokumentarfilme , für ein sehr kleines publikum gemacht .
made all these films , made all these documentary films for a very limited audience .
i &apos;ve done all these films , these documentary movies , for a very small audience .
i have all these films , these documentary movies , for a very small audience .

und mein kleines startup möchte , dass wir uns zum umweltschutz zwingen , indem es ...
and my small startup is looking to force ourselves into the environment by paying attention to ...
and my little startup wants us to go to the environmental protection by doing it ...
and my little startup is that we &apos;re forced to protect environmental protection by ...

und jene von ihnen , die es interessiert , können marshmallowchallenge.com besuchen .
and those of you who are interested may want to go to marshmallowchallenge.com .
and those of you who are interested in , you can visit marshmallowk.com .
and those of you who can do it , can visit marshmallow.com .

und es wäre am besten , wenn es mehrere schaffen , denn dann könnte man eine mischung benutzen .
and it &apos;s best if multiple succeed , because then you could use a mix of these things .
and it would be best if it could create multiple , because then you could use a mixture .
and it would be best if it could create multiple , because then you could use a mixture .

betreffend der großen möglichen durchbrüche , ist dies das größte , das sie kennen ?
in terms of big-scale possible game changes , is this the biggest that you &apos;re aware of out there ?
so the big breakthrough of the big breakthroughs , is this the biggest thing you know ?
so the great deal of the big breakthroughs , is this the biggest thing you know ?

was ich mir ständig selbst sagen muss , wenn ich darüber verrückt werde , ist : hab keine angst .
and what i have to , sort of keep telling myself when i get really psyched out about that , is , don &apos;t be afraid .
and what i have to say to myself is , if i &apos;m going to get crazy , it &apos;s not fear .
what i &apos;ve got to tell you all the time , if i &apos;m going to get crazy about this , is not a fear .

und was es tut ist es bringt menschen dazu in die geschäfte zu laufen und diese frage zu stellen .
and what this does is it leads people to walk into their stores asking this question .
and what it does is it takes people to walk into business and ask this question .
and what it does is it brings people to walk into business and ask this question .

wir wollen lebenslängliche haftstrafen ohne bedingte strafaussetzung für kinder abschaffen .
we &apos;re trying to end life without parole sentences for children .
we want to create longevity of life without inhabitants for children .
we want to be able to create a life-to-peaceful transmission for children .

mit so vielen optionen aus den man wählen kann , fällt es menschen sehr schwer sich überhaupt zu entscheiden .
with so many options to choose from , people find it very difficult to choose at all .
so , with so many options that you can choose , people are very hard to decide at all .
so with so many options that you can choose , it &apos;s very hard to decide to decide even .

in kalifornien wurde eine 40 prozentige verringerung der schneedecke der sierra gesehen .
in california there has been a 40 percent decline in the sierra snowpack .
in california , a 40 percent reduction was seen by the swiss of the sierra erra .
in california , a 40 percent reduction of the shrunk of the sierra disappear .

im guten wie im bösen , und früher als sie vielleicht denken , werden diese entscheidungen an uns liegen .
for better or worse , and sooner than you may think , these choices will be up to us .
the good things like evil , and as you might think , are going to make these decisions about us .
in the good way in evil , and earlier than you might think , these decisions are going to be on us .

ich habe mit menschen mit zwergenwuchs gearbeitet -- also menschen , die kleiner als üblich waren .
some of what i &apos;ve worked on is people who have dwarfism -- so people who are much shorter than typical .
i worked with people with zones -- so people who were smaller than usual .
i worked with people who were working with desperately -- so people who were smaller than usual .

das könnte der evolutionäre ursprung sein von : &quot; sie packt ihn bei den eiern . &quot;
it might be the evolutionary origin of the phrase , &quot; she &apos;s got him by the balls . &quot;
this could be the evolutionary origin of : &quot; you package him with the eggs . &quot;
this could be the evolutionary origin of : &quot; you package him in the eggs . &quot;

mann 2 : die marke , die ich bin , ist , würde ich sagen , lässige fliege .
the brand that i am is , i would call it casual fly .
man 2 : the brand that i am is , i would say , fly .
man 2 : the marke i am , i would say , honesty fly .

er hatte verstanden , dass die medizinische diagnose , und wie jemand damit umgeht , zwei unterschiedliche dinge sind .
he understood that there &apos;s a difference between the medical condition and what someone might do with it .
he understood that the medical diagnosis , and as someone goes around , two different things are different .
he understood that medical diagnosis , and how someone goes around with it , two different things are different .

nun könnten sie annehmen , dass das ganze zusammenbrechen von kategorien jemand wie mich wirklich glücklich machen würde .
now you might think that all this breaking-down of categories would make somebody like me really happy .
now , you might assume that the whole collapsing of categories would make somebody like me really happy .
now , you might think that all of the categories of categories would make me really happy .

sie machen das , weil sie der gestrichelten weißen linie der landstraße a92 folgen können .
they do that because they &apos;re able to follow the broken white line of highway a92 .
you do that because you can follow the white line of the road in the street , 92 .
they &apos;re doing that because they can follow the white line of the road in the street 92 .

je mehr ich aber darüber nachdachte , desto mehr kam ich zu der ansicht , das der fisch etwas weiß .
the more i thought about it , however , the more i came to the view that this fish knows something .
but the more i thought about it , the more i got to the view , the fish knows something .
but the more i thought about it , the more i came to the view that the fish knows something .

aber was voodoo so interessant macht , ist diese lebendige beziehung zwischen den lebenden und den toten .
but , what makes voodoo so interesting is that it &apos;s this living relationship between the living and the dead .
but what voodoo does so interesting is this living relationship between the living and the dead .
but what voodoo does so interesting is this living relationship between the living and the dead .

jetzt reproduziere alle übriggebliebenen , die die nummern am besten sortiert haben .
and now let &apos;s reproduce the ones that sorted numbers the best .
now , reproductive produces all the rest of the limbs that have the numbers best .
now , the rest of the rest of the rest that the nucleus have been in the best .

in der high school hat mal ein mitschüler gesagt , dass brian goldmann für einen bluttest lernen würde .
in high school , a classmate once said that brian goldman would study for a blood test .
in high school , a student told me that brian goldman was going to learn for a flower .
in high school , a student said that brian goldman was learning for a flower .

wir haben jetzt fast eine unendliche auswahl an telefonen , besonders in der welt der mobiltelefone .
we now have an almost unlimited variety of phones , especially in the world of cell phones .
we now have almost an infinite choice of telephones , especially in the world of mobile phones .
we have almost an infinite choice of phones , especially in the world of mobile phones .

für mich schien es bei der fotografie also eher darum zu gehen , am richtigen ort zur richtigen zeit zu sein .
so to me it felt like photography was more about being at the right place and the right time .
so for me , it seemed to be more of photography , to be the right place at the right time .
so for me , it seemed like photography to be more likely to be at the right place at the right time .

falls ich in einen raum ginge -- wie jetzt gerade , dann habe ich keine ahnung was ihr über mich denkt .
if i were to walk into a room -- like right now , i have no idea what you think of me .
if i &apos;m in a room -- just like now , i don &apos;t know what you think about me .
if i put in a room -- like now , i have no idea what you think about me .

der großvater des mannes fürchtete sich nicht vor der arktischen nacht oder dem wehenden sturm .
so , this man &apos;s grandfather was not intimidated by the arctic night or the blizzard that was blowing .
the grandfather of the man was not afraid of the arctic night , or the weather storm .
the grandfather of the man was not afraid of the arctic night or the wetlands .

kürzlich habe ich mit der ölindustrie gesprochen und sie sagten dass sie dieses modell genau verstünden .
i was talking to the oil industry recently and i said they clearly understood that model .
recently , i talked to the tragedy industry , and they said they had this model right .
recently , i talked to the oil industry recently , and they said they were doing this model right .

nun bin ich also vor einem meiner lieblingsbilder , erntearbeiter von pieter breugel in der met .
so now i &apos;m in front of one of my favorite paintings , &quot; the harvesters &quot; by pieter bruegel at the met .
so , i &apos;m here before one of my favorite images , harvesting tears from the shakets in the dump .
so now i &apos;m a favorite one of my favorite images , harvest workers of paleter glasses .

ich traf mr ayers im jahre 2008 , vor zwei jahren , in der walt disney <unk> ert hall .
i met mr. ayers in 2008 , two years ago , at walt disney concert hall .
i met mr in 2008 , two years ago , in the walt disney hall .
i met mr in 2008 , two years ago , in the walt disney hall .

und , obwohl es wirklich einfach scheint , ist es tatsächlich richtig schwer , weil es leute drängt sehr schnell zusammenzuarbeiten .
and , though it seems really simple , it &apos;s actually pretty hard because it forces people to collaborate very quickly .
and even though it &apos;s really simple , it &apos;s really hard to work , because it &apos;s very hard to work very quickly .
and , even though it &apos;s really easy , it &apos;s actually really hard to do it , because it takes people to work very quickly .

und das erste was ich die angestellten frage ist , &quot; sagen sie mir , wie die möglichkeiten sich von einander unterscheiden .
and the first thing i do is i ask the employees , &quot; tell me how these choices are different from one another .
and the first thing that i ask is the employees , &quot; tell me how the possibilities of each other .
and the first thing i asked is , &quot; tell me how the possibilities are different from each other .

tatsächlich besteht das rezept für uns , nämlich unsere gene , aus dem exakt selben code und der gleichen schreibweise .
in fact the recipe for us , our genes , is exactly that same code and that same way of writing .
in fact , the recipe for us is our genes , from the same exact code and the same writing .
in fact , the recipe for us , which is our genes , from the exact same code and the same writing .

stellen sie sich mal vor , dass diese künstliche intelligenz jedem besitzer eines mobiltelefones zur verfügung stünde .
and imagine if you would a.i. &apos; s like this on the cloud available to every person with a cellphone .
imagine that these artificial intelligence agencies have a mobile phone .
imagine that this artificial intelligence owner has a mobile phone of a mobile phone .

noch besser , er wurde in aquakultur nach den angeblich höchsten standards der nachhaltigkeit gezüchtet .
even better , it was farm-raised to the supposed highest standards of sustainability .
even better , he was raised in aquaculture after the highest standards of sustainability .
even better , he was raised in aquaculture after the highest standards of sustainability .

und vielleicht haben einige von ihnen das neue buch von malcolm gladwell , &quot; überflieger &quot; , gelesen .
and some of you have probably read malcolm gladwell &apos;s new book &quot; outliers . &quot;
and maybe some of you have read the new book of malcolm dwell , &quot; flow , &quot; read .
and maybe some of you have read the new book of malcolm gladwell , &quot; flying flying . &quot;

dabei ist es wichtig zu verstehen , dass man diese person für eigentlich männlich halten könnte , aber das sind sie nicht wirklich .
now what &apos;s important to understand is you may think of this person as really being male , but they &apos;re really not .
and it &apos;s important to understand that you could actually hold this person for male , but they &apos;re not really .
it &apos;s important to understand that you could actually hold this person for male , but they &apos;re not really .

das schöne ist , dass ich quasi jetzt in den letzten beiden jahren erlebt habe , dass die wissenschaftler sich auf meine seite stellen .
the nice thing is that i &apos;ve experienced that scientists have been joining my side in the last couple of years .
the nice thing is that i &apos;ve experienced in the last two years that scientists are looking at my side .
the beautiful thing is that i have now experienced in the last two years , that the scientists put themselves on my side .

in einer war ich der klassische asiatische student , der unerbittliche anforderungen an sich selbst stellte .
in one , i was the classic asian student , relentless in the demands that i made on myself .
in one , i was the classic aasian student who asked the inquiry for themselves .
in one of them , i was the classic asian student , the unintended anxiety of themselves .

geht nicht , ist schwachsinn , kinderspielkram , haben wir alles gerechnet , rechnet sich nie .
you can &apos;t do it , it &apos;s nonsense , a plaything for kids , we calculated everything , it will never add up .
it &apos;s not , it &apos;s a shock , a toy toy , we &apos;ve got everything , you know , it &apos;s never going to be done .
don &apos;t go , it &apos;s candy , car toes , we &apos;ve never been talking about it .

dk : wissen sie , ich glaube , dass es anerkennung gibt für die rolle der glücksforschung in der politik .
dk : you know i think that there is recognition of the role of happiness research in public policy .
dk : you know , i think there are recognition for the role of happiness in politics .
dk : you know , i think there &apos;s recognition for the role of happiness in politics .

napoleons soldaten bekamen silber-besteck , napoleon selbst bekam gold-besteck .
all of napoleon &apos;s troops were fed with silver utensils , napoleon himself with gold utensils .
napolions got silver soldiers , napoleon himself got a golck brick .
napoleon soldiers got silly silver brick , naleon himself got a golreck .

wenn sie glauben , dass sie innen und aussen eine wunderbare person sind , dann gibt es nichts , was sie nicht tragen können .
if you believe you &apos;re a beautiful person inside and out , there is no look that you can &apos;t pull off .
if you believe that you &apos;re inside and you &apos;re a wonderful person , there &apos;s nothing you can &apos;t wear .
if you believe that you &apos;re in and you &apos;re a wonderful person , there &apos;s nothing you can &apos;t wear .

im grunde läuft es hinaus auf das buschehr atomkraftwerk und auf die urananreicherungsanlage in natanz .
it basically boils down to the bushehr nuclear power plant and to the natanz fuel enrichment plant .
basically , it &apos;s going beyond the bureau nuclear power , and it &apos;s based on the uranium facilities in nates .
basically , it &apos;s going to go beyond the cup nuclear power plant , and on the uranium incentives in nataly .

ich meine , denken sie mal , wenn antonio damasio nach ihrem selbstbild fragt , denken sie über die bakterien ?
i mean think of it , when antonio damasio asks about your self-image , do you think about the bacteria ?
i mean , do you think , if antonio sio assio asks for your self-picture , do you think about the bacteria ?
i mean , think , if antonio damasio asho asks for their own image , do you think about the bacteria ?

und wir haben die linearität als gesetz akzeptiert und es gibt nur noch ausnahmen , wie beispielsweise die non-linearität .
we &apos;ve got used to things happening in a linear fashion .
and we have the linearity as a law , and there are only exceptions , like the liberal linearity .
and we &apos;ve accepted the linear as law , and there &apos;s only assumptions , like the non-linear linear .

ich denke , abschließend , ist für mich die hauptsache , dass all die wunderbaren sachen hier nicht von google kommen .
so i think , in conclusion , for me , the main thing is that all the amazing stuff here does not really come from google .
i think , finally , the main thing for me is that all the wonderful things don &apos;t come from google .
i think , finally , the main thing to me is that all the wonderful things here don &apos;t come from google .

es ist diejenige , die einem sagt , das nicht das was man gemacht hat schlecht ist , sondern das man selbst schlecht ist .
it &apos;s the one that says , not that what you did was bad , but that you are bad .
it &apos;s the one who says that &apos;s not what you &apos;ve done , but it &apos;s bad for yourself .
it &apos;s the one that says , not what you &apos;re doing is bad , but you &apos;re bad .

eine menge spaßiger verhandlungen und geschichten , das kann ich ihnen sagen , mit 17 sehr interessanten museen aus neun ländern .
a lot of fun , negotiations and stories , i can tell you , with 17 very interesting museums from nine countries .
a lot of fun negotiations and stories that i can tell you , with 17 very interesting museums from nine countries .
a lot of fun negotiations and stories that i can tell you , with 17 really interesting museums from nine countries .

niemand hatte je das innere des wracks erkundet . man hatte noch keine mittel dafür . also entwickelten wir die nötige technologie .
nobody had ever looked inside the wreck . they didn &apos;t have the means to do it , so we created technology to do it .
no one had the inside of the gun , and you didn &apos;t have a means for it , so we developed the technology .
no one had ever done the inside of the rice . you didn &apos;t have any means for that . so we developed the technology .

es gab eine verrückte zeile darüber , dass in diesem land nichts mehr rechtens ist , dass es nur noch fehlverhalten gibt .
there was a crazy line in there about how there &apos;s no conduct in this county , it &apos;s all misconduct .
there was a crazy line about that , that in this country , there &apos;s nothing more in this country , that there &apos;s only no mistakes .
there was a crazy line about that in this country , there &apos;s nothing more calculating that there &apos;s even more missed .

ich traf leute in allen lebenslagen , so viele von ihnen taten das , was sie liebten , lebten an den grenzen des möglichen .
i met people from all walks of life , so many of them doing the thing they loved , living on the frontiers of possibility .
i met people in all habitats , so many of them did what they loved , lived in the boundaries of the possible .
i met people in all life , so many of them did what they loved , lived on the limits of the possible .

vor einigen jahren , hier bei ted , stellte peter skillman einen design-wettbewerb namens &quot; die marshmallow-herausforderung &quot; vor .
several years ago here at ted , peter skillman introduced a design challenge called the marshmallow challenge .
a few years ago , here at ted , peter peter skilled a design competition called the marshmallow challenge .
a few years ago , here at ted , peter skillman asked a design competition called marshmalmalayan challenge .

aber um es mal im kontext zu sehen : vor 5,93 millionen jahren begannen unsere ersten primatenvorfahren aufrecht zu gehen .
but to put that in context : 5.93 million years ago was when our earliest primate human ancestors stood up .
but to see it in context , 5.3 million years ago , our first primate ancestors started to go right .
but to see it in context , 5.9.3 million years ago , our first primate ancestors began to go right up .

wissen sie , wir kennen deren arbeit nicht so gut wie diese , aber es gibt die modulare methode , das ist ein anderer ansatz .
you know , we don &apos;t know their work as well as we know this one , but the modular people , that &apos;s a different approach .
you know , we don &apos;t know how well this work , but there &apos;s the modular method that &apos;s another approach .
you know , we don &apos;t know their work as well as this , but there &apos;s the modular method that &apos;s another approach .

ganz einfach , sie gehen hinein – und ich habe dies geschaffen , es heißt die macht des zoom – sie können umherzoomen .
very simply , you go in -- and i &apos;ve created this , called the power of zoom -- you can just zoom around .
just , you go in -- and i &apos;ve created this , which is the power of zoom -- you can zoom in .
just , they go into -- and i created this , it means the power of the zoom -- they can zoom in .

hier , in kalifornien zum beispiel wird man in den nächsten fünf jahren eine milliarde dollar für die todesstrafe ausgeben. eine milliarde dollar .
for example , here in california we &apos;re going to spend one billion dollars on the death penalty in the next five years -- one billion dollars .
here , in california , for example , you &apos;re going to have a billion dollars in the next five years for death sentence . a billion dollars .
here , in california , for example , you get a billion dollars a billion dollars for death penalty . a billion dollars .

das war recht intuitiv , also jeder hat einfach so seine wünsche , seine und das , was ihn halt bewegt , ausgedrückt , dann .
that was really intuitive , i mean , everyone expressed their wishes , their and things that move them .
so this was quite intuitive , so everyone has just wished his wishes , and the thing that moves him , then moved .
so this was quite intuitive , so everybody just has his wishes , his wishes , and that &apos;s what it &apos;s going to move , then they &apos;re going to move .

nehmen sie den schalter raus um ein pulsmodul , das hier ist , einzufügen , und sie haben einen kleinen blinker gemacht .
switch out the knob for a pulse module , which is here , and now you &apos;ve made a little blinker .
take the switch out of the switch around a smoothly that &apos;s here , and you &apos;ve made a little blind boy .
take the switch out of the switch to add a puldul that &apos;s here , and you &apos;ve made a little blind blink .

nun , es scheint mir , dieses thema wird , oder sollte wenigstens die interessanteste politische debatte zum verfolgen sein über die nächsten paar jahre .
well , it seems to me that this issue will -- or at least should be -- the most interesting policy discussion to track over the next few years .
well , it seems to me , this theme is going to be , or at least the most interesting political debate to follow over the next few years .
well , it seems to me , this issue , or at least the most interesting political debate should be pursuing over the next few years .

jedenfalls fanden wir heraus , dass beide digitalen sprengköpfe in wirklichkeit auf ein und das selbe ziel zusteuerten , aber aus verschiedenen richtungen .
anyway , so we figured out that both digital warheads were actually aiming at one and the same target , but from different angles .
but anyway , we found that both digital jumps in reality and the same goal , but from different directions .
anyway , we found that both digital stores in reality were actually on one and the same goal , but out of different directions .

und wir haben eben einfach mit einer relativ einfach-verrückten geschichte angefangen zu fragen , wo könnte man denn einen speicher sinnvoll heute schon einsetzen .
and we started asking with a relatively simple and crazy story where you could implement a reservoir wisely today .
and we just started asking with a relatively simple crazy story , where you could use a memory , because you could use a memory of it today .
and we just started asking with a relatively simplistic story of questions where you could use a memory now .

wenn sie das nicht mehr haben , diese rotierende masse , dann müssen sie das mit leistungselektronik und elektrochemie ersetzen .
if you don &apos;t have this rotating mass anymore , then you have to replace it with power electronics and electro-chemistry .
if you don &apos;t have that anymore , these rotating mass , you have to replace that with the selective selective and electrodes .
if you don &apos;t have that anymore , these rotating mass , then you have to replace it with a selective selection and electrochemistry .

es berührte etwas ganz tief in mir , identität , die fähigkeit jedes einzelnen , etwas beizutragen zu einer gemeinschaft , zu einer perspektive der hoffnung .
it connected deeply with something in me about identity , about the capacity of every person to contribute to a community , to a perspective that is hopeful .
it touched something very deep in me , identity , the ability to contribute every single person to a community , to a perspective of hope .
it touched something very deep in me , identity , the ability of every single person to contribute to a community , to a perspective of hope .

auf der y-achse sind ein paar gute dinge : biodiversität , anzahl der orca , das grün ihres landes , den wasservorrat .
you have on the y axis some good thing : biodiversity , numbers of orca , the greenness of your country , the water supply .
on the y-axis , some good things are : biodiversity , number of orca , the green , the green of your country , the water supply .
on the axis , a couple of good things : biodiversity , number of orca , the green country , the green country , the water council .

denn wir reden letztlich darüber dass wir mehr hoffnung brauchen , mehr engagement , mehr hingabe , um in einer komplexen welt bestehen zu können .
because ultimately we are talking about a need to be more hopeful , more committed , more dedicated to the basic challenges of living in a complex world .
because we &apos;re ultimately talking about this that we need more hope , more engagement , more commitment to make a more complex world .
because ultimately , we &apos;re talking about that we need more hope , more engagement , more engagement , more commitment to compete in a complex world .

wieder , menschen unterschiedlicher hautfarbe , die sich auf anatomische gemeinsamkeiten vor anatomischen unterschieden berufen , wieder , erfolgreich .
again , people of color appealing to a commonality of anatomy over a difference of anatomy , again , successfully .
again , people , different skin color color , who emerge in anatomic commons of atoms , successfully , successfully .
again , people of different skin color , which are based on anatomic common opinions of anatomic differences , again , again .

bei diesen gelegenheiten kam das gedicht einwandfrei und intakt auf dem papier an – aber rückwärts – vom letzten wort zum ersten .
and in these instances , the poem would come up on the page perfect and intact but backwards , from the last word to the first .
in these opportunities , the poem came free and intact on the paper -- but backwards -- from the last word to the first word .
in those opportunities , the poem came up with a poem and intact on paper -- but back from the last word to the first word .

und was wir herausfanden , war , dass je mehr fonds angeboten wurden , dass , in der tat , die teilnahme rate geringer war .
and what we found was that , the more funds offered , indeed , there was less participation rate .
and what we found was that the more fonds were offered , the more fonds that , in fact , the participation rate was low .
and what we found was that the more fonds were offered that , in fact , in fact , was parallel rate .

das ist der gedanke , den ich ihnen gern mit auf den weg geben möchte . scheitern ist durchaus eine alternative , angst aber ist keine . danke .
so , that &apos;s the thought i would leave you with , is that in whatever you &apos;re doing , failure is an option , but fear is not . thank you .
this is the idea that i &apos;d like to give you on the way that i want to give you that way , and failing is an alternative , but fear is not . thank you .
this is the idea that i &apos;d like to give you a way to go on the way . fail is through an alternative , but not . thank you .

nun habe ich also eine neue generation von programmen , die durch kombinationen von programmen entstanden , welche etwas näher an die vorgaben gekommen sind als andere .
so i &apos;ve got now a new generation of programs that are produced by combinations of the programs that did a little bit better job .
so i &apos;ve come up with a new generation of programs that came through combinations of programming , which have come closer to the benefits as others .
so , i &apos;ve got a new generation of programming that came through combinations of programming , which have come closer to the talks than others .

weil wir diese leute nach ihrer darmspiegelung gefragt haben , und auch viel später : &quot; wie schlimm war die ganze sache insgesamt ? &quot; ,
because we asked these people after their colonoscopy , and much later , too , &quot; how bad was the whole thing , in total ? &quot;
because we asked these people about their gut reflection , and also a lot later , &quot; how bad was the whole thing going on ? &quot;
because we asked these people after their gut reflection , and also a lot later , &quot; how bad was the whole thing ? &quot;

allerdings ist kürzliche etwas eigenartiges in meinem leben und meiner karriere geschehen , das mich dazu gebracht hat , meinen bezug zu dieser arbeit komplett zu überdenken .
but , that said , something kind of peculiar has happened recently in my life and in my career , which has caused me to have to recalibrate my whole relationship with this work .
however , shortly is something weird in my life and my career that has brought me to think about my work completely overwhelmed .
but it &apos;s a little strange thing in my life , and my career has happened to me to think of my work completely .

und laut herodotus überlebten sie so 18 jahre lang diese hungersnot , indem sie an einem tag aßen und am nächsten spielten .
and according to herodotus , they passed 18 years this way , surviving through a famine by eating on one day and playing games on the next .
and according to herodotus , they survived 18 years of this hunger for 18 years , by smiling them on a day and playing in the next toy .
and according to herherootus , they lived this famine for 18 years as long as they sat on a day and the next game .

ich könnte mir auch termiten hernehmen , aber in den usa mag niemand termiten , in so weit gesehen , obwohl sie vegetarier sind .
i could also mention termites , but in the usa nobody likes termites , although they &apos;re vegetarians .
i could also take panic herbs , but in the united states , no one may be seen , as far as though they &apos;re vegetarians .
i could also take a heritage , but in the united states , no one may have seen as far as far as they &apos;re vegetarians .

dabei ist die größte frage , die mir neulich gestellt wird : &quot; haben sie das gemacht , um die erfahrung eines museumsbesuchs zu replizieren ? &quot;
and the biggest question i get asked nowadays is , &quot; did you do this to replicate the experience of going to a museum ? &quot;
and the biggest question i &apos;ve been asked to say , &quot; did you do this to replicate the experience of a museum ? &quot;
this is the biggest question that i &apos;m going to ask you , &quot; did you do this to replicate the experience of a museum ? &quot;

wir haben all diese fantastischen spieler , wir haben spiele , die uns zeigen , was wir tun können , aber wir haben die echte welt noch nicht gerettet .
we &apos;ve got all these amazing gamers , we &apos;ve got these games that are kind of pilots of what we might do , but none of them have saved the real world yet .
we have all these fantastic players , we have games that show us what we can do , but we haven &apos;t saved the real world yet .
we have all these amazing players , we have games that show us what we can do , but we haven &apos;t saved the real world yet .

denn sie umgingen den mittelsmann , sie umgingen die agenturen , und sagten , dass die agenturen vielleicht nicht wirklich ihr interesse im sinn haben .
they cut out the middleman , they cut out their agencies and said , &quot; maybe these agencies don &apos;t have my best interest in mind .
because they went to the middle class , they went around the agents , and they said that the agents might not really have their interest in the sense .
because they went to the middle east , they went to the agents , and they said that the agents might not really have their interest in mind .

wenn ich nicht die armut bekämpfe , bekämpfe ich als gehilfe eines feuerwehr-hauptmanns bei einem freiwilligen löschzug das feuer .
when i &apos;m not fighting poverty , i &apos;m fighting fires as the assistant captain of a volunteer fire company .
if i don &apos;t fight the poverty , i &apos;m fighting as a fireman &apos;s defense prices at a volunteer .
if i don &apos;t fight poverty , i &apos;m fighting a fireman at a volunteer at a volunteer &apos;s volunteer .

auf diese weise können sie sehen , dass sich zu keiner zeit irgendetwas bewegt . solange ich hier zudrücke , kann nichts in meinen ärmel wandern oder herauskommen .
that way you can see that at no time can anything travel , as long as i &apos;m squeezing there nothing can go up or down my sleeve .
so , in a way , you can see that there &apos;s no time moving at any time , as long as i can blow up here , nothing can come in my sleeve or come out .
in this way , you can see that none of the time is moving , as long as i go here , nothing can go out in my sleeve or come out .

verglichen mit dem gesamten betrag an klimaverändernden stoffen in der atmosphäre , könnte sich dieser betrag verdoppeln , wenn wir diesen kritischen punkt überschreiten .
compared to the total amount of global warming pollution in the atmosphere , that amount could double if we cross this tipping point .
compared to the amount of climate change in the atmosphere , it could double the amount of doubt if we translate that critical point .
compared to the entire climate change in the atmosphere , it could double that anxiety , if we refuse this critic point .

und das ist , ja das ist das sind meistens recht junge leute , aber das einzige , was was einen was eigentlich alle vereint , ist diese faszination an der technologie .
and that &apos;s , well that &apos;s these are usually really young people , but the only thing that that one that really unites everybody , is this fascination with technology .
and this is , yes , this is usually pretty young people , but the only thing that &apos;s actually an agreement is this fascination of technology .
and that &apos;s , yes , that &apos;s mostly young people , but the only thing that all of us is , this is the fascination of technology .

nun gibt es einige unter uns , die gewissermaßen vergessen , dass ich , wenn ich sage &quot; verschiedene möglichkeiten des seins , &quot; wirklich verschiedene möglichkeiten des seins meine .
now , there are many of us who sort of forget that when i say &quot; different ways of being , &quot; i really do mean different ways of being .
now , there are some of us who have forgotten to say that if i say , &quot; different possibilities of session , &quot; really different possibilities of the one .
now there are some of us who are in a sense that if i say , &quot; different possibilities of sherself , &quot; really different possibilities of the sale .

und als konsequenz wurden seine genitalien männlich ausgeprägt , sein gehirn war den typischeren männlichen teil des hormonenspektrums ausgesetzt .
and as a consequence , his genitals were masculinzed , his brain was subject to the more typical masculine component of hormones .
and as a consequence , his genit-shaped male , his brain was the typical part of the hormones of the monkey spectrum .
and as a consequence , his genitary male male , his brain was the typical part of the horror of hormonal spectrum .

spiel steigert kreativität und belastbarkeit , und es geht vor allem um die erzeugung von vielfalt -- vielfalt an interaktionen , vielfalt an verhaltensweisen , vielfalt an verbindungen .
play increases creativity and resilience , and it &apos;s all about the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
game creativity and resilience , and it &apos;s all about the creation of diversity -- variety of interactions , diversity , diversity , diversity , diversity of connections .
game produces creativity and resilience , and it &apos;s all about the generating diversity of diversity -- diversity , diversity , diversity , diversity .

vor einiger zeit war es so , dass wenn sie ein formel 1 rennen gewinnen wollten , dann nahmen sie ihr budget und setzten ihr geld auf einen guten fahrer und ein gutes auto .
now some time ago , if you wanted to win a formula 1 race , you take a budget , and you bet your budget on a good driver and a good car .
some time ago , it was so that if you wanted to win a formula , you took your budget and you put your money on a good driver and a good car .
some time ago , when they wanted to win a formula race , they took their budget and put their money on a good driver and a good car .

ich sage , dass ich mein handgelenk umschließe , um sicherzustellen , dass nichts in meinem ärmel verschwindet oder herauskommt , und das ist eine lüge .
i say i &apos;m going to grab hold of my wrist to make sure nothing goes up or down my sleeve , that is a lie .
i say that i &apos;m making my wrist around making sure that nothing disappeared in my sleeve or comes out , and that &apos;s a lie .
i say that i close my wrist to make sure that there &apos;s nothing going on in my dench or out , and that &apos;s a lie .

und auf diese weise ist zeit eigentlich die kritische variable , die ein erinnerndes selbst unterscheidet von einem erlebenden selbst . zeit hat sehr wenig einfluss auf diese geschichte .
and in this way , time is actually the critical variable that distinguishes a remembering self from an experiencing self ; time has very little impact on the story .
and in this way , time is actually the critical variable variable , which is a reminder of self from a living self , and time has very little influence on this story .
and in this way , the critical variable that a memory of self is different from a living self , has very little impact on this story .

schließlich kam dieser ältere schwarze mann mit einem sehr besorgten gesichtsausruck in den gerichtssaal und setzte sich direkt hinter mich , beinahe auf die verteidigungsbank .
and finally , this older black man with this very worried look on his face came into the courtroom and sat down behind me , almost at counsel table .
finally , this elderly black man came with a very concerned face in the courtyard and sat behind me , almost on the defense bank .
finally , this elderly black man came out with a very worried face in the court room and sat behind me , almost on the defense bank .

nein , es sieht einfach viel besser aus , wenn wir zeigen , dass wir dafür zuständig sind , die gefahren zu beseitigen , die andere erst schaffen , wenn sie eben feuer legen .
here you have this little mechanism .
no , it just looks a lot better if we show that we &apos;re all the time to get the dangers , the other ones , if they just lay fire .
no , it just looks a lot better than if we show that we &apos;re always excited to get out of this , the other ones that are creating when they &apos;re just getting fire .

sie starren heraus auf den horizont , der eine million meilen entfernt ist , und alles was sie sehen sind geflutete kanäle und diese dichte , üppige marsch .
you stare out at a horizon that is a million miles away , and all you see are flooded canals and this thick , rich marshland .
they &apos;re staring out on the horizon , which is a million miles away , and everything they see is fluid , and these density , margins .
she &apos;s staring out on the horizon , which is a million miles away , and everything you see is fluid and these density , thus .

bg : nun wir brauchen eines dieser skalierbaren , stromgenerierenden dinge , die sehr günstig sind , wir haben 20 jahre zum erfinden und dann 20 jahre zum einsetzen .
bg : well , we need -- for one of these high-scale , electro-generation things that &apos;s very cheap , we have 20 years to invent and then 20 years to deploy .
bg : well , we need one of these scalable , generous things that are very cheap , we have 20 years to invent and then take 20 years .
bg : well , we need one of these scales , generous things that are very cheap , we have 20 years to invent and then spend 20 years .

in jedem schritt haben wir diese stücke im überschuss produziert damit wir sie sequenzieren konnten , weil wir versuchten einen sehr robusten prozess zu kreieren was sie in einer minute sehen werden .
at each stage , we grew up these pieces in abundance so we could sequence them because we &apos;re trying to create a process that &apos;s extremely robust that you can see in a minute .
in each step , we produced these pieces in the translate so we could sequence them , because we tried to create a very robust process of what they &apos;re going to see in a minute .
in every step , we made these pieces in the overhead so we could sequence them because we tried to create a very robust process of creating what they &apos;re going to see in a minute .

der sieht etwa so aus , wer keine willensfreiheit hat , kann auch nicht für seine handlungen und behauptungen zur verantwortung gezogen werden gezogen werden und er ist daher unzurechnungsfähig .
it looks something like this , somebody who does not have free will cannot be held responsible responsible for his actions and claims and is thus of unsound mind .
it looks like who doesn &apos;t have a freedom of liberty , can &apos;t be moved for his actions and responsibility to be moved to the main responsibility , and so he is unable to compute .
it looks like this , who doesn &apos;t have a willingness , can &apos;t be moved for his negotiations and main responsibility for responsibility , and he &apos;s so unable to do .

wir prognostizieren , dass in zehn jahren die quote der aberkennung der bürgerlichen ehrenrechte so hoch sein wird wie vor der verabschiedung des wahlrechtsgesetzes .
we &apos;re actually projecting in another 10 years the level of disenfranchisement will be as high as it &apos;s been since prior to the passage of the voting rights act .
we propose that in 10 years , the rate of the recognition of civil rights rights is going to be as high as the election of the legislation .
we propose that in 10 years , the rate of the civil rights of the civil rights rights is going to be as high as the dictionary of election .

sie glaubten , dass kreativität eine art göttlicher diener-geist war , der aus einer entfernten , unbekannten quelle zu den menschen kommt – aus unerklärlichen , unbekannten gründen .
people believed that creativity was this divine attendant spirit that came to human beings from some distant and unknowable source , for distant and unknowable reasons .
they believed that creativity was a kind of divine mind that comes out of a distant , unknown source of people -- from unknown , unknown , unknown reasons .
they believed that creativity was a kind of godistic mind , which comes from a distance , unknown source of people -- from unknown , unknown reasons .

da war es eben so , dass es selbstverwaltete alternativbetriebe gab und einer davon saß eben in kreuzberg im mehringhof , wo man das böse vermutete .
at that time , there were self-governing companies and one of them was in <<unk>> zberg in mehringhof , where people thought evil took place .
there was so that there was self-fueled alternatives , and one of them was sitting in the mountain of a majority , where you suspect the evil .
and there was so much that there were self-administrations of alternatives , and one of them was sitting in cross-mountain in the last week , where you suspect evil .

nun , mit all unseren digitalen geräten , die uns sieben tage die woche , 24 stunden am tag all diese negativen nachrichten zustellen , ist es kein wunder , dass wir pessimistisch sind .
so given all of our digital devices that are bringing all the negative news to us seven days a week , 24 hours a day , it &apos;s no wonder that we &apos;re pessimistic .
now , with all our digital devices that seven days a week , 24 hours a day , 24 hours a day , it &apos;s not a miracle that we &apos;re pessimistic .
well , with all of our digital devices , the seven days of us , 24 hours a day of all this negative news , it &apos;s not a miracle that we &apos;re pessimistic .

wir müssen uns mit der unaufhaltsamen trennung durch den tod auseinandersetzen und somit sollte es uns nicht überraschen , dass wir alle singen , tanzen und und kunst hervorbringen .
we have to deal with the inexorable separation of death , so it shouldn &apos;t surprise us that we all sing , we all dance , we all have art .
we need to connect with the unintended disconnect through death , and so it shouldn &apos;t surprise us that we all sing , dance , dance and bring art .
we need to be involved with the unemployment of death by death , and so it shouldn &apos;t surprise us that we all sing , dance and dance and art .

so verrückt das natürlich im zusammenhang meines vortrages klingen mag , da bewegen wir uns körperlich in nicht existenten , virtuellen welten , ganz nach dem vorbild des holodecks .
another example is so-called virtual reality as crazy as that may of course sound in the context of my presentation , we are physically moving in non-existent , virtual worlds there , according to the example of the holodeck .
so , of course , in the context of my talk , it may sound like , because we don &apos;t move ourselves into existential , virtual worlds , all the way forward to the image of the holocaust .
so , of course , the crazy thing in my talk may seem to be clear , because we &apos;re not moving into existential environments , virtual worlds , virtual worlds , all the way forward to the image of the holocaust .

nach dem erfolg von &quot; titanic &quot; sagte ich mir , &quot; okay , ich will meinen hauptberuf als filmemacher in hollywood auf eis legen und werde für eine weile vollzeit-forscher . &quot;
after the success of &quot; titanic , &quot; i said , &quot; ok , i &apos;m going to park my day job as a hollywood movie maker , and i &apos;m going to go be a full-time explorer for a while . &quot;
after the success of &quot; titanic , &quot; i told myself , &quot; okay , i want to put my main job as a filmmaker in hollywood , and for a long time researcher . &quot;
after the success of titanic , i said , &quot; okay , i want to put my main profession as a filmmaker on hollywood and will be for a while . &quot;

und die dritte ist die konzentrations-illusion , und das ist die unglückliche tatsache , dass wir nicht über einen umstand nachdenken können , der wohlbefinden beeinflusst , ohne seine bedeutung zu verzerren .
and the third is the focusing illusion , and it &apos;s the unfortunate fact that we can &apos;t think about any circumstance that affects well-being without distorting its importance .
and the third one is the concentration illusion , and this is the unfortunate fact that we can &apos;t think about a prosperity that affects the well-being without its importance .
and the third is the concentrating illusion , and that &apos;s the unfortunate fact that we can &apos;t think about a heritage that affects well-being without degrading its meaning .

die andere sache aber ist , dass wir glauben , dass wenn wir jeden tag sehen , dass die tasse , die wir wegwerfen , nicht einfach verschwindet , dass sie immer noch irgendwo auf dem planeten ist .
but the other thing is that we believe that if we see every day that the cup we &apos;re throwing away , it doesn &apos;t disappear , it &apos;s still somewhere on the planet .
but the other thing is that we think that if we see every day that the tasks that we throw away , we don &apos;t just disappear that they &apos;re still somewhere on the planet .
but the other thing is that we believe that if we see every day , the tasks that we throw away , it &apos;s not just disappearing that it &apos;s still somewhere in the planet .

es kann tausend liter sauberes trinkwasser pro tag aus verschiedenen quellen erzeugen – ob salzwasser , verschmutztes wasser , latrine – und all das für weniger als 2 cent pro liter .
it &apos;s able to generate a thousand liters of clean drinking water a day out of any source -- saltwater , polluted water , latrine -- at less than two cents a liter .
it can produce thousands of clean drinking water every day from different sources -- whether salt water , pollution water , latrine -- and all of that for less than two cents a mile .
it can produce a thousand liver drinking water a day from different sources of water -- whether saltwater , pollution , pollution , latin water -- and all that &apos;s less than two cents a gallon .

und wenn ich sage computerspiel , dann haben sie sehr wahrscheinlich vor augen , dass irgendwelche leuten leute vor irgendwelchen konsolen herumhappeln oder dass sie mit den mit irgendeiner konsole in der hand spielen .
and when i say &quot; computer game &quot; , you probably are imagining a number of persons people jumping around in front of some game consoles or perhaps you see yourself playing about with a some game console .
and when i say computer game , you probably have very likely to have eyes that any people who are using any constructions or that they &apos;re playing with any console in your hand .
and when i say computer game , you probably have very , very likely to be aware of any people who are in front of any other condoms , or you know that they &apos;re playing with any concrete in the hand .

das terrapower-konzept bedeutet , dass man anstelle eines teils des urans , dem einen prozent , das u235 , wir entschieden , die 99 % zu verbrennen , das u238 .
the idea of terrapower is that , instead of burning a part of uranium -- the one percent , which is the u235 -- we decided , &quot; let &apos;s burn the 99 percent , the u238 . &quot;
the terrain concept means that instead of a particle of judgment , one percent of uranium , the 235 percent , we decided to burn the 99 percent , the 238 percent .
the terraz concept means that instead of judging a part of the judgment , one percent , which is 235 , we decided to burn the 99 percent of the 99 percent , which is 38 .

ich erinnere ich mich nicht an die piraten , die viele male kamen , aber sich von dem todesmut der männer auf unserem boot täuschen ließen , oder an den ausfall des motors , der sechs stunden nicht starten wollte .
i don &apos;t remember the pirates who came many times , but were bluffed by the bravado of the men on our boat , or the engine dying and failing to start for six hours .
i don &apos;t remember the pile that came up with a lot of times , but it was from the death of the people on our boat on the boat , or at the case of the motors , who didn &apos;t want to start six hours .
i don &apos;t remember the pirate that many times came from the death of the death of the men on our boat , or on the case of the engine , who didn &apos;t want to start six hours .

ich sitze hier und gebe im grunde genommen grunzende töne von mir , in der hoffnung damit eine ähnlich verwirrte idee in eurem kopf zu kreieren , die eine gewisse ähnlichkeit mit meiner ursprünglichen idee hat .
i &apos;m sitting here making grunting sounds basically , and hopefully constructing a similar messy , confused idea in your head that bears some analogy to it .
i &apos;m sitting here , and i &apos;m basically adding the underlying sound of me , hoping to create a very confused idea in your head that has a certain kind of thing about my original idea .
i &apos;m sitting here , and basically , i &apos;m going to give you an ungrant of me in hoping hope to create a similar idea in your mind that has a certain kind of similarity with my original idea .

und es gibt sicherlich menschen in diesem publikum , die wirklich berechtigte wissenschaftliche zweifel anmelden würden über die vorstellung von – grundsätzlich – feen , die menschen nachfolgen und feenzauber auf ihre projekte usw. anwenden .
and there &apos;s probably people in this audience who would raise really legitimate scientific suspicions about the notion of , basically fairies who follow people around rubbing fairy juice on their projects and stuff .
and there are certainly people in this audience who would really apply the legitimate scientific chiefs about the idea of -- basically , features , people who follow news and fence on their projects on their projects .
and there are certainly people in this audience who really would have a great scientific record about the idea of -- basically -- fees -- females that follow people and fatty on their projects .

und zwar hat er so ein na ja , so ein so ein hirnwellenmessgerät , so e.e.g oder so etwas , also er hat sich mit neurobiologie beschäftigt , sein sein nickname ist sam neurohack .
he took one of these well , one of these one of these devices that measure brain waves , an eeg or something like that , so he was working with neurobiology , his his nickname is sam neurohack .
and that &apos;s what he &apos;s got , you know , a brain measurement device , so e.e. or something , so he &apos;s got a neurobiology with neurobiology , his name is neuronick .
and that &apos;s how he &apos;s got a kind of a brain called a brain wave measurement , so e.e.g or something like this , so he &apos;s involved with neurobiology , his nickname is his name of neurohack .

und doch widerfährt dieses schreckliche schicksal tatsächlich jemandem irgendwo auf der erde , ca. aller zwei wochen , denn aller zwei wochen , stirbt ein älterer mensch und nimmt die letzten silben einer alten sprache mit sich ins grab .
and yet , that dreadful fate is indeed the plight of somebody somewhere on earth roughly every two weeks , because every two weeks , some elder dies and carries with him into the grave the last syllables of an ancient tongue .
and yet , this horrible destination is actually somewhere on earth somewhere on earth , about two weeks , because of all weeks , there &apos;s two weeks , one person &apos;s dying , and it takes the last silence of a joint language with grab a grave .
and yet , this terrible destiny is actually going somewhere in the earth somewhere around the earth , about two weeks , because every two weeks , a older man , he takes a older man and takes the last silver of an old language with grave .

also die frage die ich für euch alle hier habe : wenn es um die großen , wichtigen dinge geht , die wir zusammen tun müssen , alle zusammen , werden wir nur eine menge von stimmen sein , oder werden wir auch eine menge von händen sein ?
so the question i have for all of you here : when it comes to the big , important things that we need to do together , all of us together , are we just going to be a crowd of voices , or are we also going to be a crowd of hands ?
so the question i have for all of you here : if it &apos;s about the big , important things that we need to do together , all together , we &apos;re going to be just a lot of voices , or are we going to be a lot of hands ?
so the question that i have for all of you here is , if it &apos;s the great things that we have to do together , all together , we &apos;re going to be just a lot of voices , or are we going to be a lot of hands ?

wir haben dort sechs verschiedene geschmacksrichtungen marmelade oder 24 verschiedene geschmacksrichtungen marmelade hingestellt , und wir haben uns zwei sachen angeschaut : erstens , ich welchem fall würden mehr menschen stehen bleiben und marmelade probieren ?
we there put out six different flavors of jam or 24 different flavors of jam , and we looked at two things : first , in which case were people more likely to stop , sample some jam ?
we put six different flavors , or 24 different flags , and we looked at it , and we looked at two things : one , which case , what would i stay up more people and try to do with margins ?
we &apos;ve put six different flavors in there , or 24 different flavor directions of mars , and we &apos;ve looked at two things : first , what are i going to have more people left and try to try to try and try to try and try and try and try it ?

vor jahren , als ich ein aufbaustudium machte , fragte mich einer meiner studienbetreuer , der mein interesse an feminismus kannte -- ich betrachtete mich als feministin , so tue es noch -- eine wirklich eigenartige frage .
years ago , when i was in graduate school , one of my graduate advisers who knew i was interested in feminism -- i considered myself a feminist , as i still do -- asked a really strange question .
years ago , when i went to college , one of my graduate students asked me , who knew my interest in feminism -- i was looking at feminism as a feminist , so it was still a curious question .
years ago , when i went to college , i asked myself one of my students who knew my interest in feminism -- i looked at myself as a feminist , so i was doing it -- a really curious question .

betrachten sie einmal diese interessante statistik , die kürzlich von einem forscher der carnegie mellon university veröffentlicht wurde : der durchschnittliche junge mensch von heute in einem land mit starker spielkultur verbringt 10.000 stunden mit online-spielen bis zum 21. lebensjahr .
so , consider this really interesting statistic ; it was recently published by a researcher at carnegie mellon university : the average young person today in a country with a strong gamer culture will have spent 10,000 hours playing online games by the age of 21 .
so let &apos;s look at this interesting statistic that was recently published by a researcher of carnegie mellon university : the average boy of young man today in a country with strong playfull-time culture with 10,000 hours to play with online lives .
once you look at this interesting statistics that was published recently published by a researcher of carnegie mellon university : the average boy from now in a country today in a strong country with a strong culture with 10,000 hours to live .

lassen sie mich ihnen nun elegs vorstellen , das von amanda boxtel getragen wird , die vor 19 jahren eine rückenmarksverletzung erlitt , die zum ergebnis hat , dass sie nicht mehr laufen konnte seit 19 jahren und bis jetzt .
let me now introduce you to elegs that is worn by amanda boxtel that 19 years ago was spinal cord injured , and as a result of that she has not been able to walk for 19 years until now .
so let me introduce you to the elephant that &apos;s been carried by amanda boxed by 19 years ago , a spinal cord injury that she has not been able to run for more than 19 years and now .
now let me introduce you to this , which is made by amanda boxar , which was 19 years ago , a spinal market reduction , which has gone to the result that she couldn &apos;t run for more than 19 years and now .

das letzte beispiel , für das ich heute zeit habe , es zu zeigen , ist ein musik-sequencer für live-auftritte , das wir kürzlich entwickelt haben und in dem siftables als töne , wie führungsstimme , bass und schlagzeug agieren .
so , the last example i have time to show you today is a music sequencing and live performance tool that we &apos;ve built recently , in which siftables act as sounds like lead , bass and drums .
the last example that i have today to show is a music sequencing for live tribes that we &apos;ve developed recently , and in the process as a lethal voice , like leaders and hatred stuff .
the last example i have time to show it today is a musician sequencing for live live , which we &apos;ve developed recently and in the sidewalk , as a lethal voice , and a funny thing .

was wir auch herausgefunden haben ist , dass das ziel des angriffs tatsächlich war , es langsam und unheimlich geschehen zu lassen -- offensichtlich in dem versuch wartungsingenieure verzweifeln zu lassen , sodass sie nicht in der lage dazu sein würden schnell dahinter zu kommen .
what we also saw is that the goal of the attack was really to do it slowly and creepy -- obviously in an effort to drive maintenance engineers crazy , that they would not be able to figure this out quickly .
and what we &apos;ve also found is that the goal of the attack was actually , it was actually slow to make it slow down and incurately -- obviously in the attempt to try to get engineers desperate , so they wouldn &apos;t be able to get behind it .
what we &apos;ve also found is that the goal of the attack was actually slowly to let it happen , and obviously , in the attempt of trying to despair engineers so that they wouldn &apos;t be able to come up with them quickly .

was man dort machen muss , scheint vielleicht einfach , aber das ist es nicht . man müsste all das co2 , das nach dem verbrennen aus dem schornstein kommt , einfangen , unter druck verflüssigen und dann irgendwo lagern und hoffen , dass es dort bleibt .
what you need to do there , seems like it might be simple , but it &apos;s not , and that &apos;s to take all the co2 , after you &apos;ve burned it , going out the flue , pressurize it , create a liquid , put it somewhere , and hope it stays there .
what you have to do there is , maybe it &apos;s easy , but that &apos;s not what you have to do . you have to get all the co2 that comes out of the burning of the box , put it in pressure , and then you hope somewhere , and then you want it to stay there .
what you &apos;ve got to do , maybe it &apos;s easy , but it &apos;s not . you &apos;ve got to get all the co2 that comes out of the burning stone , get caught down , down under pressure and then somewhere else , and hope that it remains there .

und es kommt noch besser , die dinge , für die sie und ich mehrere tausend dollar ausgegeben haben – gps , hd-video und foto , bibliotheken voller bücher und musik , technologie zur medizinischen diagnostik – werden nun buchstäblich entmaterialisiert und billiger in ihrem handy .
better than that , the things that you and i spent tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars for -- gps , hd video and still images , libraries of books and music , medical diagnostic technology -- are now literally dematerializing and demonetizing into your cellphone .
and it &apos;s getting better , the things that you do for , and i &apos;ve spent several thousand dollars -- gps , gps video , video and books , full of books , full of music , technology , technology , the medical diagnostics -- are literally getting tangible and cell phone in your cell phone .
and it &apos;s going to be better , the things that you &apos;ve spent , and i &apos;ve spent several thousand dollars -- gps , gps video and film , library of books , full of music and technology , the technology that are diagnosed to medical diagnostic -- now , literally cheap and cheap and cheap in your cell phone .

und dies ist es , was wir auf millionen gesichtern von problemlösern auf der ganzen welt sehen müssen , wenn wir die hürden des nächsten jahrhunderts in angriff nehmen . das gesicht derer , die entgegen aller widrigkeiten am rande eines epischen sieges stehen .
and this is the face that we need to see on millions of problem-solvers all over the world as we try to tackle the obstacles of the next century -- the face of someone who , against all odds is on the verge of an epic win .
and this is what we have to see on millions of faces all over the world , if we can take the top of the century , and take the face of the attack , the face of all the drifts on the edge of a sudden .
and this is what we have to see on millions of facial faces around the world all over the world , when we take the next century from the next century , the face , the face of all the drilling against the ignity of an immense .

und diese klänge und dieser rhythmus haben die geologie , die topographie einer region dargestellt und das hat natürlich auch ermöglicht , dass man diese lieder defragmentieren konnte und anders zusammensetzen und sich so nach links , nach rechts und auch wieder zum ausgangsort zurück bewegen konnte .
and these sounds and this rhythm depicted the geology and topography of a region and that of course also made it possible to defragment these songs and rearrange them so that you could move to the left and the right and could also return to the starting point .
and these sound and the rhythm , the geology , which put together topography of a region , and that , of course , is that you could put these little fragments and you could put them together , and you could go back to the left , and go back to the right , and go back to the back to the back to the plant .
and these sound and the rhythm and the rhythm have been represented by the topography of a region , and of course , you could enable these songs that you could put together these songs and put together and put together in the left , and then go back to the left and move back to the right .

sie rannte wie der teufel zum haus während sie von diesem gedicht verfolgt wurde . es ging einzig darum , dass sie schnell genug zu einem blatt papier und einem stift gelangen musste , damit sie es , wenn es durch sie hindurch donnerte , einfangen und auf dem blatt festhalten konnte .
and she would run like hell to the house and she would be getting chased by this poem , and the whole deal was that she had to get to a piece of paper and a pencil fast enough so that when it thundered through her , she could collect it and grab it on the page .
she ran out like the devil house as she was arrested by this poem , and it was the only thing that she had to get quickly enough to a piece of paper , and she had to get to a pen , so that she could get it out of the neck , and she could capture the sheet of the sheet .
she knew how the devil was followed by this poem , and it was just about to get enough to a sheet and a sheet of paper and a pencil , so she had to get it through it through it , and he could catch it through the sheet of the sheet .

er sprach in einem sehr heiteren und geselligen ton über yo-yo ma und hillary clinton und darüber , wie die dodgers es nie in die baseball world series schaffen würden . und das alles wegen der tückischen passage der ersten geige im letzten satz von beethovens vierter sinfonie .
he was speaking in a very jovial and gregarious way about yo-yo ma and hillary clinton and how the dodgers were never going to make the world series , all because of the treacherous first violin passage work in the last movement of beethoven &apos;s fourth symphony .
he was talking to a very healer and healthier about yo-yo and hillary clinton , and how the dodgers would never make it in the world , and it would be because of the first passenger pigeon in the last beethoven &apos; 70s .
he was talking in a very hot and healthier about yo-yo and hillary clinton and about how the dodgers would never make it in the world &apos;s day , and all the point of the passence of the first passage in the last four of beef .

up-attribute sind dinge , die verspielt sind , frisch wie der fresh prince , zeitgemäß , abenteuerlich , ausgefallen und lieblich wie erol flynn , wendig und agil , profan , herrisch , magisch und mystisch wie gandalf .
up attributes are things like being playful , being fresh like the fresh prince , contemporary , adventurous , edgy or daring like errol flynn , nimble or agile , profane , domineering , magical or mystical like gandalf .
so up-at-at-at-attributes are things that are wired to be frozen , like the prince , prince , tied , disabled , and lovely such as suitable , and agile , and agile , in professional , magical , magical and mystically and mystically .
sweaters are things that are constrained , frozen as the prince of prince , congestion , mice , devastated , devastating and shooting like flourn , flourn , flynn , and inspiring , mac , magic and like mystically .

bill gates : um die simulation auf einem supercomputer durchzuführen , alle großen wissenschaftler zu bekommen , was wir gemacht haben , brauchen wir nur einige 10 millionen . und selbst wenn wir unsere materialien in einem russischen reaktor getestet haben , um sicherzustellen , dass es vernünftig funktioniert , ist man nur in den 100en millionen .
bil gates : to actually do the software , buy the supercomputer , hire all the great scientists , which we &apos;ve done , that &apos;s only tens of millions , and even once we test our materials out in a russian reactor to make sure that our materials work properly , then you &apos;ll only be up in the hundreds of millions .
bill bill gates : in order to do the simulation on a supercomputer , get all the big scientists to get what we &apos;ve done , we just need a few million dollars , and even if we &apos;ve done our materials in a russian reactor to make sure that it &apos;s just a $ 100 million .
bill gates : to take the simulation on a supercomputer , all the great scientists , what we &apos;ve been doing , we just need 10 million . and even if we &apos;ve tested our materials in a russian reactor to make sure that it &apos;s only 10 million .

wir haben auch einen dieser diesel-aggregate in der gleichen größe , wie er dort steht , in die halle gebracht , um tatsächlich das komplette dynamische verhalten von diesem netz , also in der halle sieht es jetzt so aus , da hinten steht der diesel , hier steht die große batterie , hier sind die ganzen umrichter , mit denen wir das netz simulieren .
we also brought one of these diesel aggregates to the hall , in the same size as it is there , for the complete dynamic behavior of this network to actually be , so in the hall it looks like this now , the diesel is behind it , here &apos;s the big battery , here are all the converters , with which we simulate the network .
and we also have one of those same aggregator in the same size of the same size , as it &apos;s there , in half the hall , to actually take the full dynamic behavior of this grid , which is what it looks like in half the back now , which is the lel here , which is the big battery here , which we can simultaneously simulate the net .
we also have one of these same agents in the same size of the size of the size , as he &apos;s there , in half the rope , in fact , the full dynamic behavior of this web , so in the half-halfway , it looks like this right now , because the el is here , the big battery is here , the big batteries that we simulate the net .

dies ist eine rekonstruktion der kathedrale notre dame , die ausschließlich im computer mit bildern von flickr erfolgte . geben sie einfach notre dame in flickr ein und sie werden bilder von männern in t-shirts und auf dem universitätsgelände usw. erhalten . jede dieser orangefarbenen kegel repräsentiert ein bild , das als zu diesem modell gehörend entdeckt wurde .
this is a reconstruction of notre dame cathedral that was done entirely computationally from images scraped from flickr . you just type notre dame into flickr , and you get some pictures of guys in t-shirts , and of the campus and so on . and each of these orange cones represents an image that was discovered to belong to this model .
this is a reconstruction of the cathedral notre , which ended up in the computer with flickr of flickr , and they just give the emergency room to flickr , and they &apos;re going to get pictures of men in t-shirts , and on the university of all the way . each of these farthief reviews represented a model that was discovered as a model of this model .
this is a reconstruction of the cathedral notere , which eventually came out in the computer with flickr , and they just give you an emergency room in flickr , and you &apos;ll get pictures of men in t-shirts and forth on the t-shirt . each of these hormonetly reviews a painting that was discovered as a hearing model .

wir haben also so eine situation , wo , je weiter unsere wissenschaft fortschreitet , wir uns um so mehr eingestehen müssen , dass diese kategorien , die wir für stabile anatomische kategorien gehalten hatten , welche sehr einfache zuordnungen herstellten um dauerhafte identitätskategorien zu schaffen , viel unschärfer sind , als wir angenommen haben .
so what we have is a sort of situation where the farther our science goes , the more we have to admit to ourselves that these categories that we thought of as stable anatomical categories that mapped very simply to stable identity categories are a lot more fuzzy than we thought .
so we have a situation like this , so we have a situation where , where , as we continue to continue our science , we have to stand up so much more , that these categories that we thought we had a stable anatomic categories , which had very simple orations to identify annual angueries in order to make a lot of our calories , are much more assumed than we &apos;ve assumed .
so we have this situation so much , so we have a situation where we continue to keep our science further , we have to stand so much more , that these categories that we &apos;ve given to the robust category category category categories , which had very simple acquisitions to create identical identity , to create a lot of instructional anxiety .

in meiner sendung &quot; white coat , black art. &quot; habe ich die angewohnheit zu sagen , &quot; dies ist mein schlimmster fehler &quot; ich würde zu jedem vom rettungsassistenten bis zum chefarzt der kardiologen sagen , &quot; dies ist mein schlimmster fehler &quot; blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , &quot; was ist mit ihrem ? &quot; and dann zeige ich mit dem mikrofon zu ihm .
on my show , on &quot; white coat , black art , &quot; i made it a habit of saying , &quot; here &apos;s my worst mistake , &quot; i would say to everybody from paramedics to the chief of cardiac surgery , &quot; here &apos;s my worst mistake , &quot; blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , &quot; what about yours ? &quot; and i would point the microphone towards them .
it &apos;s called white noise , which i have to say to every rescue to the cheetah , which is &quot; blah , blah , blah , &quot; which is to tell you , &quot; which is my worst mistake , &quot; i would say to every rescue rescue farther to the poet of the poem , &quot; this is my worst mistake , &quot; blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , &quot; which is what &apos;s going to show him with him ? &quot; and then i &apos;ll show him .
my adventure is , &quot; blah of my senior in my senate coat , &quot; black coach . &quot; i have the apartment to say , &quot; this is my apartment , &quot; i would say , &quot; i would say , &quot; to every error of the error , &quot; i would say , &quot; i &apos;m going to the error of the error , &quot; my gratitude , &quot; this is my chase , &quot; well , &quot; the blah , what &apos;s my blah , what &apos;s my blah with the blah of the blah , what &apos;s going to do i want to do with the blah .

