ja ?
right ?
yes ?
yes ?

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

einen einzigen ?
just one single one ?
one ?
one ?

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

das geht schnell .
it goes fast .
this is going fast .
that goes fast .

lang , ja .
a long time , yes .
long , yes .
long , yes .

das geht doch schon .
that is doable .
that &apos;s all about this .
that &apos;s what &apos;s going on .

dies ist die letzte .
this is the last one .
this is the last one .
this is the last one .

es gibt kein normal .
there &apos;s no normal .
there &apos;s no normal thing .
there &apos;s no normal .

denn wissen sie was ?
because , you know something ?
because you know what ?
because you know what ?

vielen dank fürs zuhören .
thanks for listening .
thank you for listening .
thank you for listening .

ich meine die seele .
what is the soul ?
i mean the soul .
i mean the soul .

das ist eine großartige frage .
that is a fantastic question .
this is a great question .
this is a great question .

guten tag , alle zusammen .
good afternoon , everybody .
good day , all together .
good day , all together .

nun , was bedeutet das ?
now , what does that mean ?
now , what does that mean ?
well , what does that mean ?

das wollen sie nicht machen ?
you don &apos;t want to do that ?
don &apos;t you want to do that ?
don &apos;t you want to do that ?

er funktioniert folgendermaßen :
what happens is this .
he &apos;s working on this .
he &apos;s working on this .

die hatten ja keine bücher .
they didn &apos;t have books , after all .
they didn &apos;t have books .
they didn &apos;t have any books .

macht sie das neugierig ?
does that make you curious ?
does it make the curiosity ?
does it make the curiosity ?

das ist gott , wissen sie ?
that &apos;s god , you know .
this is god , you know ?
that &apos;s god , you know ?

aber das geht nicht so schnell .
it &apos;s not moving like that .
but it &apos;s not that fast .
but that &apos;s not that fast .

spiel bedeutet nicht nur kinderspiele .
play is not just child &apos;s games .
game doesn &apos;t just mean child games .
game is not just child games .

lass sie kogi sein . &quot;
let &apos;s make it kogi . &quot;
let &apos;s be my body . &quot;
let &apos;s be sci . &quot;

heute sind es 2,3 millionen .
today , there are 2.3 million .
today , it &apos;s 2.3 million .
today , it &apos;s 2.3 million .

langsam aber sicher legte es sich .
slowly but surely , it lifted .
but slowly it took place .
but slowly it was going to make it happen .

so kann man aus nichts etwas machen .
talk about getting by with nothing .
so you can &apos;t do anything .
that &apos;s what you can &apos;t do from anything .

ich fuhr also zum gericht .
and i got in my car and i went to this courthouse .
so i went to the court .
so i went to the court .

und dann haben wir gesagt , okay ,
and then we said , okay ,
and then we said , okay .
and then we said , okay .

wir haben vor 15 jahren damit begonnen .
we started this over 15 years ago .
we started 15 years ago .
we started 15 years ago .

lego machte es für alle möglich .
lego made it accessible .
lego made it possible for everyone .
lego did it for all possible .

die niederlage wäre zu einfach gewesen .
defeat would have come too easily .
the netherlands would have been simple .
the netherlands would have been too simple .

machen sie das für die kinder ? &quot;
do they do that for the children ? &quot;
do you do that for the kids ? &quot;
do you do that for the kids ? &quot;

häufig im dritten dann schon wieder vergessen .
they are usually forgotten by the third term .
often in the third one , they forget again .
often in the third of the third , forget .

glückselige produktivität . fantastisch !
blissful productivity . i love it .
fortunate productivity . fantastic !
happy productivity . fantastic !

&quot; die beste in der branche . &quot;
&quot; best in the business . &quot;
&quot; the best in the industry . &quot;
&quot; the best in the industry . &quot;

und darüber scheint sich niemand aufzuregen .
and nobody seems to be making a fuss about it .
and no one seems to rain .
and no one seems to come up with it .

jetzt sahen wir den umgekehrten effekt .
now we see the opposite effect .
now we saw the reverse effect .
now we saw the reverse effect .

sehen sie sich an , was sie macht .
have a look what she &apos;s doing .
look at what you &apos;re doing .
look at what it does .

der koch hatte ihn verkocht .
the chef had overcooked it .
the koch had coded him .
the koch had raped him .

es entsteht also eine rückkopplung .
so it &apos;s feeding back on itself .
so it comes back a feedback .
so it creates a backup .

und warum ? gentechnisch veränderte nahrung .
and why ? genetically engineered food .
and why ? genetically engineered food .
and why ? intelligent food changed .

das muss er erst verarbeiten als gegenwart .
he will have to process that as the present .
it &apos;s only got to work out as a present .
this has to be done only as a present .

aber darauf komme ich gleich nochmal zu sprechen .
but i &apos;ll come back to that in a moment .
but that &apos;s what i &apos;m going to talk about .
but i get to talk about that again .

sie war die tochter einer sklavenfamilie .
she was the daughter of people who were actually enslaved .
she was the daughter of a slave family .
she was the daughter of a slave family .

wenn sie kohle verbrennen : nein .
if you burn coal , no .
if you burn it , no .
if you burn coal : no .

es nennt sich the cloud – die wolke .
it &apos;s called the cloud .
it &apos;s called the cloud -- the cloud .
it &apos;s called cloud -- the cloud .

man muss es nur so weit wie möglich verbreiten .
just spread it as wide as possible .
you just have to spread it as far as possible .
you just have to spread it as far as possible .

der sommer war ein glücklicher sommer – 2006 .
the summer was a lucky summer -- 2006 .
the summer was a happy summer -- 2006 .
the summer was a happy summer -- 2006 .

erstaunlicherweise war er immer noch köstlich .
amazingly , it was still delicious .
well , he was still inconvenient .
amazingly , he was still delicious .

ich arbeite in der solartechnologie-branche .
now i work in the solar technology industry .
i work in solar technology industry .
i work in the solar industry .

ich bekomme im wahren leben dieses feedback nicht .
i don &apos;t get that feedback in real life .
i don &apos;t get the real life of this feedback .
i don &apos;t get this feedback in the real life .

picasso antwortet , warten sie nur .
picasso &apos;s answer , just wait and see .
picasso , wait , wait for them .
picasso answered , wait just .

dann frage ich mich : wie konnte das passieren ?
i start thinking , well , how did that happen ?
then i ask myself , how could this happen ?
then i ask myself , how could that happen ?

so ist jedes konzert ein anderes konzert .
in this way , every concert is a different concert .
so every concert is a different concert .
so each concert is a different concert .

und sie werden nicht nur an masern sterben .
and they &apos;re not just going to die of measles .
and they &apos;re not only going to die of masses .
and they &apos;re not only going to die on masses .

wir wollen etwas gegen die todesstrafe unternehmen .
we &apos;re trying to do something about the death penalty .
we want to do something against death penalty companies .
we want to do something against death row .

information ist jeder unterschied , der einen unterschied ausmacht .
information is every difference that makes a difference .
information is a difference that makes a difference .
information is every difference that makes a difference .

denken sie darüber nach . das ist eine unglaubliche tatsache .
think about that , it &apos;s an incredible fact .
think about it . that &apos;s an incredible fact .
think about it . that &apos;s an incredible fact .

ich war mit der etikette nicht vertraut .
i didn &apos;t know the protocols .
i wasn &apos;t familiar with the label .
i wasn &apos;t familiar with the eticket .

die antwort wird höchst wahrscheinlich &quot; nein &quot; sein .
the responses mostly will be &quot; no . &quot;
the answer will probably be &quot; no . &quot;
the answer will probably be no .

ich kann die sequenz während sie abläuft umstellen .
i can rearrange the sequence while it plays .
i can flip the sequence as it goes down .
i can take the sequence while they go down .

vermögen , nicht verschulden , beeinflusst das ergebnis .
wealth , not culpability , shapes outcomes .
wealth , not debt , the result is influenced .
wealth , not debt the result .

das ist moores gesetz der letzten hundert jahre .
this is moore &apos;s law over the last hundred years .
this is moore &apos;s law last hundred years .
that &apos;s moore &apos;s law last hundred years .

und so traf ich dann eine etwas ungewöhnliche entscheidung .
and so , i actually made a kind of curious decision .
and so i then met a little unusual decision .
and so i then met a slightly unusual decision .

und manches davon hat funktioniert und manches nicht .
and some of it worked , and some of it didn &apos;t .
and some of them didn &apos;t work , and some of them don &apos;t work .
and some of them has worked and mankind .

diese ergebnisse wurden durch mehrere wochen harter arbeit erreicht .
these results have been obtained over several weeks of really hard labor .
these results were achieved by several weeks of hard work .
these results were achieved by several weeks of hard work .

wir nannten es den digitalen wasser pavillion .
we called it digital water pavilion .
we called it the digital water package .
we called it the digital water palion .

was uns geblieben ist , ist das story<unk> .
and we &apos;ve accepted linearity as the law and there are only exceptions , such as non-linearity .
what we love about ourselves is the outer thing .
what we love to love is the realistic thing .

wir wiederholten diese übung mit denselben studenten .
we did the exercise again with the same students .
we repeated these exercise with the same students .
we repeated these practices with the same students .

diejenigen , die wissenschaftliche argumente machen , sind sehr wenig .
the ones who make scientific arguments are very few .
those who make scientific arguments are very little .
those who make scientific arguments are very little .

und überhaupt , du arbeitest ja viel weniger als ich .
and anyway , you work a lot less than i do .
and at all , you &apos;re working a lot less than i am .
and at all , you &apos;re working much less than i do .

er beschrieb einen davon als sehr &quot; gewöhnlich &quot; .
and he described one of them as very &quot; common . &quot;
he described one of them as a very ordinary .
he described one of them as a very common .

und das waren sozusagen die ersten von menschen entwickelten spielgeräte .
and these represent the first game equipment designed by human beings .
and this was sort of the first of people developed toys .
and these were the first of people developed tools .

also ich habe in meinem leben viele fische gekannt .
so , i &apos;ve known a lot of fish in my life .
so i &apos;ve posted a lot of fish in my life .
so i &apos;ve got a lot of fish in my life .

ich werde auch gleich auflösen , was da drin ist .
i &apos;ll be revealing what &apos;s inside of it in a moment .
i &apos;m also going to solve what &apos;s in there .
i &apos;m going to solve the same thing that &apos;s in there .

ich bin kein roboter ; ich mache dinge nicht immer gleich .
i &apos;m not a robot ; i don &apos;t do things the same way each time .
i &apos;m not a robot ; i don &apos;t always do things .
i &apos;m not a robot ; i don &apos;t always make things the same .

sie hatte einen nicht behandelbaren gehirnschaden erlitten .
she had irreversible brain damage .
she didn &apos;t have a treatable brain damage .
she didn &apos;t have a treatable brain damage .

also wie geht ein mensch mit gewissen dingen entsprechend um .
so how do humans deal with certain objects .
so , as a human being is about certain things .
so , as a human goes with certain things .

und dann werde ich erklären , warum ich ihn erkläre .
and then i &apos;ll explain why i explained it .
and then i &apos;m going to explain why i &apos;m going to explain it .
and then i &apos;m going to explain why i make it clear .

diphterie , röteln , kinderlähmung ...
diphtheria , rubella , polio ...
diphases , rows , child paralysis ...
diphph , tube , child paralysis ...

aber dann dachte ich , wissen sie was , seien wir ehrlich :
but then i thought , you know , let &apos;s be honest .
but then i thought , you know what , let &apos;s be honest .
but then i thought , you know what we &apos;re honest .

wie sie sehen können , sind das keine drei besonderen bilder .
as you can see , these images aren &apos;t really special .
as you can see , these are not three special images .
as you can see , these are not three special images .

man könnte auch gewöhnliche wurm- technologie zum verbreiten verwenden .
you could also use conventional worm technology for spreading .
you could also use ordinary design -- technology to spread .
you could also use ordinary design -- technology to spread .

ich weiß was sie jetzt denken , aber ich bin kein held .
now i know what you &apos;re thinking , but i &apos;m no hero .
i know what you &apos;re thinking now , but i &apos;m not a hero .
i know what you think now , but i &apos;m not a hero .

und das war das erste mal das ich dies selber erfuhr .
and that was my first time to be acquainted with that .
and this was the first time i went to do this .
and that was the first time i learned this .

das ist das stück metall über das ich gleich reden werde .
and that &apos;s this piece of metal i &apos;m going to be talking about in a minute .
this is the piece of metal that i &apos;m going to talk about .
this is the piece of metal that i &apos;m going to talk about .

jedes dieser themen bestand natürlich aus vielen , vielen kleineren entscheidungen .
each task was made up of many , many , many sub-choices of course .
every one of these topics , of course , was made of many , many smaller decisions .
each of these topics , of course , has many , many smaller decisions .

bryan stevenson : nun , es gibt überall möglichkeiten .
well there are opportunities all around us .
bryan stevenson : well , there are opportunities everywhere .
bryan stevenson : well , there are opportunities everywhere .

manche menschen waren enttäuscht dass es keine poesie war .
some people were disappointed there was not poetry .
some people were disappointed that it wasn &apos;t poetry .
some people were disappointed that it was not poetry .

ich sage das , weil ich glaube , dass identität sehr wichtig ist .
and i mention that because i think identity is really important .
i say that because i think identity is very important .
i say that because i think identity is very important .

schauen sie sich miguel an , bauern wie miguel ,
look to miguel , farmers like miguel .
look at miguel , farmers like miel guel .
look at miguel , farmers like miguel .

das hier passierte . nicht ein team hatte eine stabile struktur .
here &apos;s what happened : not one team had a standing structure .
this is what happened . not a team had a stable structure .
this is what happened . not a team had a stable structure .

aber es ist auch ein großartiges beispiel der regierung als plattform .
but it &apos;s also a great example of government as a platform .
but it &apos;s also a great example of government as a platform .
but it &apos;s also a great example of government as a platform .

denken sie sich dies als bildpunkt , als fliegenden bildpunkt .
think about this as a pixel , a flying pixel .
think of this as a space , as a flying space point .
think of this as the imagery , as a flying image .

wir könnten das natürlich um zehn prozent reduzieren , aber was macht das ?
we can reduce that by ten percent of course , but what difference would that make ?
we could reduce that , of course , 10 percent , but what does that do ?
we could , of course , reduce 10 percent , but what does that do ?

und natürlich teilen wir alle dieselben anpassungsnotwendigkeiten .
and of course , we all share the same adaptive imperatives .
and of course , we all share the same adaptation .
and of course , we all share the same adaptation .

und ich dachte , das wird so schwer , so schmerzhaft .
and i was thinking , this is going to be so difficult , so painful .
and i thought that &apos;s going to be so hard , so painful .
and i thought that &apos;s going to be so hard , so painful .

stellen sie sich vor , dass jedes einzelne von menschen gesteuert wird .
and imagine each of them then controlled by people .
imagine that every single person is tasted by people .
imagine that every single person is controlled by people .

und sechzehn millisekunden , auch ein ganz spannendes phänomen .
and sixteen milliseconds , also a very exciting phenomenon .
and six milliseconds , also a very exciting phenomenon .
and six milliseconds , also a very exciting phenomenon .

was ist mit kinderlähmung ? nehmen wir das . warum nicht ?
what about polio ? let &apos;s have that . why not ?
what about child survival ? let &apos;s take that . why not ?
what about child paralysis ? let &apos;s take that . why not ?

aber davon mal abgesehen , ist es eine sehr gute mediale gelegenheit .
but that being said , it &apos;s a very good media opportunity .
but this time , it &apos;s a very good business opportunity .
but of course , it &apos;s a very good media opportunity .

54 % der todesfälle geschahen durch durchbohrungen .
54 percent of their mortality was due to them spearing each other .
54 percent of the deaths were sleeping through boxes .
54 percent of the deaths of death .

es gab zur zeit bachs als instrument noch gar kein klavier .
there was no keyboard instrument such as the piano in bach &apos;s time .
there was no piano at the time as an instrument .
there was no piano at the time when there was no piano .

wenn sie es für die tun konnten , konnten sie mir bestimmt auch helfen .
if they could do it for them , surely they could do it for me .
if you could do it for the people , you could also help me .
if they could do it for the people , they could help me .

nun , schließlich hat der film ein sehr großes momentum erlangt .
so ultimately , this film has already started to gain a lot of momentum .
now , finally , the movie has a very big deal to get it .
well , finally , the film has a very large amount of time .

ich möchte zum beispiel einem fisch nicht die gleichen rechte wie einem menschen geben .
for example , i don &apos;t want to give a fish the same rights as a human .
for example , i don &apos;t want to give you the same rights as a human being .
for example , i don &apos;t want to give you the same rights as a human being .

weil ein guter ingenieur hat entweder tolle autos gebaut oder atomkraftanlagen .
because a good engineer either built great cars or nuclear plants .
because a good engineer has either great cars or nuclear power plant .
because a good engineer either has built great cars or nuclear power .

eine täuschung wird zu etwas echtem , weil jemand es so wahrnimmt .
something fake becomes something real because of someone &apos;s perception of it .
a deception is going to be able to do something because somebody perceives it this way .
it &apos;s a deception to something because somebody &apos;s going to perceive that way .

wenn deine arbeit floppte – nicht gänzlich dein fehler , oder ?
if your work bombed , not entirely your fault , you know ?
when your work flew -- not your mistakes , right ?
if your work flew -- not your fault , right ?

manchmal eilen diese ideen unserem denken voraus , auf ganz wichtige art und weise .
sometimes those ideas get ahead of our thinking in ways that are important .
sometimes these ideas are thinking of our ideas , in a very important way .
sometimes these ideas think about our thinking , in a very important way .

und ich glaube , dass es mit einem mediziner beginnt und der bin ich .
and i think it starts with one physician , and that &apos;s me .
and i think it &apos;s going to start with a medical company , and that &apos;s me .
and i think it starts with a medical doctor and i am .

bis 2020 steigen wir voraussichtlich von zwei auf fünf milliarden internetnutzer .
by 2020 , that &apos;s going from two billion to five billion internet users .
by 2020 , we rise to two billion internet users .
by 2020 , we &apos;re predicting two billion users on five billion internet users .

alle kulturen haben sich immer wieder an dem tanz mit neuen lebenmöglichkeiten beteiligt .
all cultures through all time have constantly been engaged in a dance with new possibilities of life .
all cultures have been involved in dance with new possibilities .
all cultures have always been involved in the dance with new possibilities .

der mikroprozessor ist ein wunder . der pc ist ein wunder .
the microprocessor is a miracle . the personal computer is a miracle .
the microprocessor is a miracle . the pc is a miracle .
the microprocessor is a miracle . the pc is a miracle .

und hier ist eine wirklich sehr große nahaufnahme dieses kleinen stücks metall .
and then here &apos;s a really , really big close-up of the little piece of metal .
and here &apos;s a really big picture of this little piece of metal .
and here &apos;s a really large shot of this little piece of metal .

versorge amerika mit 100 prozent sauberer elektrizität neu , innerhalb der nächsten 10 jahre
repower america with 100 percent clean electricity within 10 years .
if you take america with 100 percent cleaner electricity , within the next 10 years .
providing america with 100 percent clean electricity , within the next 10 years .

da ist die opec ein ein haufen von waisenknaben .
there &apos;s the opec , a a bunch of amateurs .
there &apos;s the opec a bunch of orphanages .
there &apos;s the opec a bunch of orphanages .

ich nehme etwas , das offensichtlich eine täuschung ist , und lasse es echt aussehen .
and take something that is obviously a fake trick and make it seem real .
i &apos;m going to take something that &apos;s obvious , and make it look real .
i take something which is obviously a deception , and let it look real .

wenn sie also praktisch gesehen darüber nachdenken , ist es das , wo wir heute stehen .
so if you think about this practically , here &apos;s where we are .
so if you think about it , it &apos;s where we are today .
so if you &apos;re basically thinking about it , it &apos;s where we are today .

sie wurden nicht gegessen , man warf sie weg , weil sie tot waren .
they were not eaten , they were thrown away because they were dead .
they were not eaten , they were waiting for them because they were dead .
they weren &apos;t eaten , they were waiting for them , because they were dead .

es stellte sich heraus , dass er die siftables nur stapeln wollte .
turns out , all he wanted to do was to stack the siftables up .
it turns out he wanted the sidewalk only .
it turns out that he wanted the sidewalk only stairs .

er sagte : » jimmy , was machen sie im gerichtssaal ? «
he said , &quot; jimmy , what are you doing in this courtroom ? &quot;
he said , &quot; jimmy , what do you do in the courtyard ? &quot;
he said , &quot; jimmy , what do you do in the court ? &quot;

wir müssen uns den konsequenzen stellen und wir fangen besser an uns vorzubereiten .
we have to face the consequences , and we better start to prepare right now .
we have to put ourselves into the consequences , and we start to prepare better at ourselves .
we need to make the consequences , and we start to prepare better for us .

und so hat 1982 eine spanische firma mit umweltbewusstsein das land gekauft .
and so in 1982 , a spanish company with an environmental conscience purchased the land .
and so in 1982 , an spanish company with environmental consciousness bought the country .
and so in 1982 , a spanish company bought with environmental consciousness .

ein projekt , das ich letztens angefangen hatte , war eine gene-gun zu bauen .
a project i recently started was the building of a gene gun .
a project that i started to build was a genius project .
a project i started working on was a gene to build a gene .

das ist auch der grund warum zum beispiel die beständigkeit zu antibiotika wächst .
now that &apos;s why , for instance , antibiotic resistance has evolved .
this is also why , for example , is the constituency of antibiotics .
this is also the reason for example , for example , to grow antibiotic antibiotics .

und habe auf einmal ein interface , was wesentlich intuitiver und sehr viel natürlicher ist .
and suddenly i have an interface that is considerably more intuitive and natural .
and once a interface , which is much more intuitive and much more natural .
and at once a interface , which is much more intuitive and much more natural .

widrigkeiten stehen für eine veränderung , an die wir uns noch nicht angepasst haben .
adversity is just change that we haven &apos;t adapted ourselves to yet .
withird is a change that we haven &apos;t adapted yet .
wielessness is a change that we haven &apos;t adapted yet .

sie sehen in der mitte das kolosseum , den fluß tiber .
you see the colosseum in the middle , the river tiber .
you can see in the middle of the colosseum , the fluidity .
you can see in the middle of the colomsum , the tide tide .

es wird keine verzerrung der realität erzeugt , sondern die auflösung der realität .
it doesn &apos;t create the distortion of reality ; it creates the dissolution of reality .
it &apos;s not going to create a distortion of reality , but the resolution of reality .
it &apos;s not being produced by reality , but the resolution of reality .

was sie vielleicht fragen werden ist : wie kommt das ? warum ? was ist mit denen ?
so the question you want to ask is : how come ? why ? what is it about them ?
what you might ask is , how does this come ? why ? what about that ?
what you might ask is , how does that come ? why ? what about ?

dies ist ein spieler , der am rande eines sogenannten epischen sieges steht .
this is a gamer who is on the verge of something called an epic win .
this is a player who stands at the edge of a so-called epic victory .
this is a players who &apos;s on the edge of a so-called episode seventh .

eigentlich müsste man ja erstmal beweisen , ob es so etwas wie willensfreiheit gibt .
really , you &apos;d have to prove , first of all , whether there is something like a free will .
in fact , if you have to prove , whether there &apos;s something like willingness .
in fact , you have to prove if there &apos;s something like willingness .

mann 4 : meine marke ist fedex , weil ich waren ausliefere .
my brand is fedex because i deliver the goods .
man 4 : my brand is fedex , because i were exclusive .
man 4 : my brand is fedex , because i were exposed .

diese drähte leiten 13-tausend ampere wenn die maschine auf hochleistung läuft .
those wires carry 13 thousand amps when the machine is working in full power .
these wires get 13-thousand pampts when the machine goes up to high performance .
this drank 13-and-a-half thousand pills when the machine goes up to high-performance performance .

er sagte : » oma erzählt allen enkeln , dass sie was besonderes sind . «
he said , &quot; oh , mama tells all the grandkids that they &apos;re special . &quot;
he said , &quot; oma , all the grandchildren say that they are special . &quot;
he said , &quot; oma tells everybody that they &apos;re special . &quot;

und kennen sie die leier über menschen , die nicht über ihre schlimmsten fälle sprechen wollen ?
and you know that business about people not wanting to talk about their worst cases ?
and you know the leisure about people who don &apos;t want to talk about their worst cases ?
and you know the people who don &apos;t want to talk about their worst cases ?

ich bediene es zwar eigentlich nur , aber mein bewusstsein ist innerhalb des fahrzeugs .
when i say , &quot; i &apos;m operating it , &quot; but my mind is in the vehicle .
i &apos;m actually doing it , but my consciousness is within the vehicle .
i actually dive it , but my consciousness is within the vehicle .

tut mir leid . wenn ihnen übel wird , schauen sie weg , schauen sie nicht hin .
i &apos;m sorry . if you &apos;re getting queasy , look away , don &apos;t look at the thing .
i &apos;m sorry . if you &apos;re going to look at it , look at it , don &apos;t look at it .
sorry . if you &apos;re going to be able to look , look , look , don &apos;t look at it .

sie drückte mich so fest , dass ich kaum atmen konnte . dann ließ sie mich los .
and she &apos;d squeeze me so tight i could barely breathe and then she &apos;d let me go .
she made me feel like i could barely breathe . then she left me .
she was so aware that i could hardly breathe . then let me go .

sie treffen eher schlechtere entscheidungen -- schlechtere finanzielle und schlechtere medizinische entscheidungen .
they &apos;re more likely to make worse choices -- worse financial choices , medical choices .
they &apos;re more likely to make decisions -- bad funding and worse medical decisions .
they make more worse decisions -- worse financial and worse decisions .

wir haben verschiedene ansätze versucht um es bis auf die minimalen komponenten zu vereinfachen .
we &apos;ve tried various approaches , paring it down to minimal components .
we &apos;ve tried to simplify different approaches to the minimum component .
we &apos;ve tried to put it up to the minimum components .

also nicht mehr nullen und einsen oder kryptische codes , sondern eben eine metapher .
so no more zeros and ones with cryptic codes , but a metaphor .
so , not more numerous , or kryptic codes , but just a metaphor .
so not more zero-sum or cryptic codes , but a metaphor .

so wie sie über die kleineren filme gesprochen haben , sind wir als marke ein herausforderer .
much like you talked about being a smaller movie , we &apos;re very much a challenger brand .
as you &apos;ve talked about the smaller films , we &apos;re as a brand challenging .
as they talked about the smaller films , we are a brand of marking .

also verschob ich das und machte diesen anderen film über das große schiff , das untergeht .
so , i shelved it , and i made this other movie about a big ship that sinks .
so i shoot this , and i made this other film about the big ship that &apos;s going on .
so i shoot that , and i did this film about the big ship that goes down .

das führt zu hungersterben . es führt zu unsicherheit . es führt zu unruhen .
and that leads to starvation , it leads to uncertainty , it leads to unrest .
that leads to starvation . it leads to uncertainty . it leads to rubber .
it leads to hungry . it leads to uncertainty . it leads to uncalls .

der spanische maler pablo picasso hat einmal eine frau portraitiert .
the spanish painter pablo picasso once painted a portrait of a woman .
the spanish pablo picasso once has a woman portraits .
the spanish paintablo picasso once has a portraits of portraits .

also , was wollen wir eigentlich manifestieren – einen behinderten menschen oder einen kraftvollen menschen ?
so , what reality do we want to call into existence : a person who is limited , or a person who &apos;s empowered ?
so what do we actually want to manifest -- a disabled people or a powerful human being ?
so , what do we really want to be manipulated -- a disabled people or a powerful people ?

ich habe hier eine sehr komplizierte , unordentliche und verwirrte idee in meinem kopf .
here i have a very complicated , messy , confused idea in my head .
i &apos;ve got a very complicated , unlimited and confused idea in my head .
i &apos;ve got a very complicated , undedicated and confused idea in my head .

okay . aber , wenn du das nicht tust ... weißt du was , dann zum teufel damit .
o.k. but if you don &apos;t do that , you know what , the hell with it .
okay . but if you don &apos;t do that -- you know what the devil is .
okay . but if you don &apos;t know that -- you know what the devil is so you know .

denn ich habe es erlebt , als ich 1971 eine lagune in west-afrika studierte .
because i was there in &apos; 71 , studying a lagoon in west africa .
because i &apos;ve experienced it when i studied a lagoon in western africa in western africa .
because i &apos;ve experienced it when i was a ladder in west africa .

und sie haben herausgefunden , dass ein durchschnittlicher ceo sich in der woche mit 139 aufgaben beschäftigt .
and they found that the average ceo engaged in about 139 tasks in a week .
and you &apos;ve found that an average ceo is in the week with 139 tasks .
and they found that there &apos;s an average ceo in the week with 139 tasks .

und dies sind zwei sehr unterschiedliche konzepte , und sie sind beide zusammengeworfen in der vorstellung vom glück .
and those are two very different concepts , and they &apos;re both lumped in the notion of happiness .
and these are two very different concepts , and they &apos;re both hosted in the idea of happiness .
and these are two very different concepts , and they &apos;re both thrown into the idea of happiness .

es ist heute das größte und eines der wichtigsten privaten vogelreservate in ganz europa geworden .
it &apos;s become , today , the largest and one of the most important private bird sanctuaries in all of europe . &quot;
it &apos;s the largest and one of the most important private reserves in europe .
it &apos;s now the biggest and one of the most important private avian reserves in europe .

das erzeugt ein sehr starkes bild im kopf . das ist sehr viel stärker als eine weiße pille .
well this is such a powerful image in their mind , it &apos;s so much stronger than the white pill .
this creates a very strong picture in your head , which is much stronger than a white mushroom .
this creates a very strong picture in the head . this is very much stronger than a white ball .

und das kind spielt , nach einer gedenkpause , statt vorher eine rote jetzt eine blaue blume .
and the child will play , after thinking for a moment .
and the child is playing , after a memorial , rather than a red red one now , a blue flower .
and the child plays , after a memorial break , instead of a red red now , a blue flower .

sie brauchen diese lüge , um eine lebenslüge , um eine selbsttäuschung aufrecht zu erhalten .
you need this lie to keep this sham , this self-deception , upright .
they need that gap to get a lifespan to maintain an inception .
they need these lie to preserve a lifespan to preserve a self-deception .

sie helfen bei der verdauung von essentiellen nährstoffen . und sie schützen sie gegen bestimmte krankheiten .
they help in the digestion of essential nutrients , and they protect you against certain diseases .
they &apos;re helping food nutritional nutrients , and they protect them against certain diseases .
they &apos;re helping reconciliation of food nutrition , and they protect them against certain diseases .

ein beispiel dazu aus einem ganz anderen bereich . monet hat die seerosen x-mal gemalt .
another example from a very different field . monet painted his waterlilies an infinite number of times .
one example of this from a very different area . monet has painted the seek x times .
one example from a very different area . monet has painted the seerox times .

das schafft eine art soziales netzwerk rund um eine digitale sammlung von fotos , die man tatsächlich aufgenommen hat .
and it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photographs that you &apos;ve actually taken .
this creates a kind of social network around a digital collection of photos that you actually did .
this creates a kind of social network around a digital collection of photos that you actually recorded .

man muss das geräusch des winds machen , sie wegblasen und den rest des buchs lesen .
and so you need to make the sound of wind and blow them away and read the rest of the book .
you have to make the sound of the winds , you throw it away and read the rest of the book .
you have to make the sound of the winds , read them away and read the rest of the book .

sprecher 2 : hungersnot in somalia . sprecher 3 : pfefferspray der polizei .
famine in somalia . police pepper spray .
two : famine in somalia . 3 : pfatty spray of police .
2 : famine swiss in somalia three : p.c. spray of the police .

und wie viele leute , dachte ich dass es bei der regierung hauptsächlich darum geht leute in ein amt zu wählen .
and like a lot of people , i thought government was basically about getting people elected to office .
and as many people , i thought it was mainly about choosing people in a office .
and like a lot of people , i thought it was mostly about choosing people in a room .

wir könnten die welt also sehr einfach mit duzenden , vielleicht sogar hunderten von neuen städten ausrüsten .
so we could easily supply the world with dozens , maybe hundreds , of new cities .
so we could just end up with stupid , maybe hundreds of new cities .
so we could do the world very simple with stupid , maybe hundreds of new cities .

man sitzt nicht herum und dreht däumchen . es gibt immer ganz gezielt etwas wichtiges zu tun .
there is no sitting around wringing your hands , there &apos;s always something specific and important to be done .
you don &apos;t sit around and flip around . there &apos;s always some important thing to do .
you don &apos;t sit around and rotate . there &apos;s always a very important thing to do .

wir überlisten also unsere gehirne , denn unser gehirn akzeptiert ganz einfach nicht , dass es nicht wirklich sinn macht .
so we trick our brains , because our brain simply doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it doesn &apos;t really make sense .
so we &apos;re overwhelming our brains , because our brains are not very accepted that it doesn &apos;t really make sense .
so we overhead our brains , because our brain doesn &apos;t just accept that it doesn &apos;t really make sense .

die gründungsväter waren aus meiner sicht die ursprünglichen anatomischen aktivisten , und zwar deshalb .
the founding fathers were , for my point of view , the original anatomical activists , and this is why .
the founding fathers were activated from my view of the original atoms , and that &apos;s why .
the founders were from my view of the initial anatomic activists , and that &apos;s why .

so , stellen sie sich vor , sie wären zu gleichen zeit an mehreren orten , wie würde sich das anfühlen ?
so imagine if you &apos;re in multiple places at the same time , what would that be like ?
so , imagine if you were at the same time of several places , how would that feel ?
so , imagine if you were at the same time , how would that feel ?

aber hin und wieder , sehr selten , passierte etwas besonderes . einer der darsteller wurde tatsächlich überweltlich .
but every once in a while , very rarely , something would happen , and one of these performers would actually become transcendent .
but again , and again , very rarely , something special happened . one of the manufacturers was actually overwhelmed in the world .
but again and again , very rarely , something special happened . one of the gut was actually overwhelmed .

das ergebnis ist , dass ich , egal wohin ich komme , behandelt werde als wäre ich dem untergang geweiht .
the result of which is that everywhere i go now , people treat me like i &apos;m doomed .
the result is that i don &apos;t care where i &apos;m going to be treated when i &apos;m going to go to the gang .
the result is that i don &apos;t care where i &apos;m going to be treated as if i was the underground .

das war der beweggrund . es war die rechtfertigung . es war der geschäftsplan der amerikanischen landwirtschaft .
that &apos;s been the motivation , it &apos;s been the justification : it &apos;s been the business plan of american agriculture .
this was the movement . it was the legal manufacturing . it was the business plan of agriculture .
that was the reason . it was the legal skills . it was the business plan of american agriculture .

ich muss mit dem mann auf der straße sprechen , die so sind wie ich , otto-normal-verbraucher .
i need to go talk to the man on the street , the people who are like me , the regular joes .
i have to talk to the guy on the street , who are as i am , scottish consumers .
i have to talk to the man on the street that are like me , normal consumers .

&quot; ich weiß , junge , die algen , der phytoplankton , die beziehungen , das ist unglaublich .
&quot; i know , dude , the algae , the phytoplankton , the relationships : it &apos;s amazing .
&quot; i know , boy , the algae , the physical lankton , the relationships , that &apos;s incredible .
&quot; i know , young , the algae , the physical lankton , the relationships , that &apos;s incredible .

aber die herausforderung ist zu versuchen herauszufinden , welche es sind und warum wir sie behalten , und ob sie sinnvoll sind .
but the challenge is trying to figure out which ones they are and why do we retain them and do they have meaning .
but the challenge is to try to figure out what it is , and why we keep them , and whether they &apos;re meaningful .
but the challenge is to try to figure out what it is , and why we keep them keep them , and whether they &apos;re meaningful .

wir haben dieses banner in unserem büro in palo alto , es drückt aus wie wir die zukunft verstehen sollten .
we have this banner in our offices in palo alto , and it expresses our view of how we should try to relate to the future .
we &apos;ve got this banner in our office in palo alto , it &apos;s made out of how we should understand the future .
we have this banner in our office in palo alto , which is how we should understand the future .

wir drehten zwar dokumentarfilme , betrieben aber eigentlich wissenschaft , genauer gesagt : weltraumwissenschaft .
so , here we were making documentary films , but actually doing science , and actually doing space science .
we drew documentary movies , but actually science , in fact , in fact , said , space science .
we turned out documentary movies , but actually science , in fact , said , worlds : space science .

und wir waren auch noch nie in der lage , ihn vernünftig einzusetzten , so wie wir es heute können .
and we &apos;ve also never been in a position to deploy it properly in the way that we can today .
and we &apos;ve never been able to put it in the same way that we can do it today .
and we &apos;ve never been able to put it in reasonable , as we can today .

denn du siehst ja , dass ich alles , was ich habe , investiere . ich habe nicht mehr als das .
because you can see that i am putting everything i have into this , i don &apos;t have any more than this .
because you can see that i have everything i have , i have investments , i don &apos;t have more than that .
because you see that i &apos;ve got everything i &apos;ve invested , i don &apos;t have more than that .

etwa einen monat danach besuchte ich einen auftritt meiner tochter – erstklässler , nicht viel künstlerisches talent ...
about a month later , i was at a performance by my daughter -- first-grader , not much artistic talent ...
about a month after , i visited one of my daughter -- first cry , not a lot of artistic talent ...
about a month after that , i visited a shoot of my daughter -- first clear , not a lot of artistic talent ...

ein interessanter umstand bei dieser art von anwendungen ist , dass man den leuten nicht viele anweisungen geben muss .
and , one of the interesting things about this kind of application is that you don &apos;t have to give people many instructions .
an interesting thing about this kind of applications is that you don &apos;t have to give people a lot of instructions .
one interesting thing about this kind of applications is that you don &apos;t have to give people a lot of instructions .

ich möchte damit beginnen sie zu bitten , an die zeit ihrer kindheit zurückzudenken , als sie mit bauklötzen spielten .
i want to start out by asking you to think back to when you were a kid , playing with blocks .
i want to start by asking you to think about the time of your childhood , as you &apos;re playing with toy toys .
i &apos;d like to ask you to think about the time of your childhood when you &apos;re playing with a nice toy game .

sie können eine art flexiblen bildschirm oder anzeige haben , wie diese – eine gleichmäßige formation in zwei dimensionen .
you can have a kind of flexible screen or display , like this -- a regular configuration in two dimensions .
you can have a kind of flexible screen or show how these -- a equilibrium formation in two dimensions .
you can have a kind of flexible screen or display , like these -- a equality formation in two dimensions .

eine kommilitonin von mir hat mir vor ein paar wochen geschrieben und gesagt sie glaubt ich bin ein bisschen zu schrill .
a college classmate of mine wrote me a couple weeks ago and said she thought i was a little strident .
a commodity military in me wrote me a few weeks ago , and she said i &apos;m a little bit of screaming .
a comment of mine written me a few weeks ago , and she said , &quot; i &apos;m a little bit a little bit of progress .

nämlich , dass , um musik auf dem instrument zu machen , das eigene musikalische tun und fühlen schon vorher vorhanden sein sollte .
which is that to make music on an instrument one &apos;s own musical action and feeling needs to be there in advance .
and that , in order to make music on the instrument , that your musical musical musicians should feel before .
that , to make music on the instrument , that should be your own musical and feel before .

wir müssen dialog rationaler und vollständiger führen und auch die dinge , die von der regierung unternommen werden .
we need to have this dialogue be a more rational , more understandable dialogue , including the steps that the government takes .
we need to have dialogue and complete distances , and also the things that are done by the government .
we need to lead dialogue and complete distances , and also the things that are done by the government .

von diesen beiden erfahrungen ausgehend , war eine ganz neue welt erreicht , eine ganz neue welt der kreativität für filmschaffende .
so , drawing a line through those two dots of experience came to , &quot; this is going to be a whole new world , &quot; this was a whole new world of creativity for film artists .
from these two experiences , a whole new world was achieved , a whole new world of creativity for film .
from these two experiences , a whole new world was reaching a whole new world , a whole new world of creativity .

und es ist sozusagen interessant zu verfolgen , was passiert mit leuten , die nach kalifornien ziehen in der hoffnung , glücklicher zu werden .
and it &apos;s sort of interesting to trace what is going to happen to people who move to california in the hope of getting happier .
and it &apos;s kind of interesting to track what happens to people who are going to go to california to be happier .
and it &apos;s kind of interesting to pursue what happens to people who are going to move to hope to hope to become happier .

wissen sie wie viele entscheidungen sie in der neun minuten kategorie treffen gegenüber derjenigen in der eine stunde kategorie ?
do you know how many choices make it into your nine minute category versus your one hour category ?
do you know how many decisions you make in the nine minutes of the category in which an hour of category ?
do you know how many choices you meet in nine minutes of category against one hour in an hour ?

vor vier jahren starteten ray kurzweil und ich hier bei ted eine neue universität , die &quot; singularity university &quot; heißt .
four years ago here at ted , ray kurzweil and i started a new university called singularity university .
four years ago , ray short-term , and i got here at ted a new university called singularity university .
four years ago , ray recently , and i started here at ted a new university called singularity university .

ich denke , dass der bach begeistert gewesen wäre , wenn er die klanglichen möglichkeiten der heutigen modernen klaviere gehabt hätte .
i think bach would have been very enthusiastic if he &apos;d had the tonal possibilities that today &apos;s modern pianos have .
i think that the bach would have been thrilled if he had the claim of today &apos;s modern violin .
i think the bach would have been excited if he had the smartest opportunities of modern today .

wir fanden beim resequenzieren 30 fehler . wenn wir die originale sequenz verwendet hätten wäre es nie möglich gewesen hochzufahren .
we actually found , on resequencing it , 30 errors ; had we used that original sequence , it never would have been able to be booted up .
we found that if we had 30 errors , if we used the original sequence , it would never have been able to drive up .
we found in rescue 30 mistakes , if we used the original sequence , it would never have been possible .

und ich möchte über die möglichkeiten nachdenken wie demokratie aussehen könnte , oder ausgesehen haben könnte , wenn wir die mütter mehr involviert hätten .
and i want to think about the possibilities of what democracy might look like , or might have looked like , if we had more involved the mothers .
and i want to think about the ways that democracy might look like democracy , or have seen , if we had more involved in mothers .
and i want to think about the ways that democracy could look like democracy or have seen , if we had involved the mothers more .

aber warum ? nun , transparenz ist angst einflößend -- wie dieser merkwürdige bär , der immernoch brüllt .
but why ? well , transparency is scary -- like that odd , still-screaming bear .
but why ? well , transparency is frightening -- like this strange baker , who &apos;s still brothers .
but why ? well , transparency is scary -- like this strange bear , which is still breathing .

in einer der verbindungen , zwischen über neuntausend magneten im lhc , gab es einen manufakturdefekt .
in one of the joints between over 9,000 magnets in lhc , there was a manufacturing defect .
in one of the connections between a thousand magnets in the lhc , there was a fake turktower .
in one of the connections between nine-thousand magnets in lhc , there was a fake turk .

mit der zeit bekommen sie auch ansprüche und wollen etwas mehr gewürze da drinhaben oder schmecken sogar feine unterschiede heraus .
with time , you will have demands and will want to have more spices in it or will even be able to notice certain fine details .
at the time , they also get contagious , and they want to have something more worrying about it , or they even have a difference .
at the time , they &apos;re also going to get concrete and want to have some more worms there or taste , or they actually have a difference .

hier haben sie diesen mechanismus , mit dem wir die lüge als eine großartige erfindung zur stabilisierung unserer lebensverhältnisse nutzen können .
here you have this mechanism , with which we can use the lie as a grandiose invention to stabilize our living conditions .
so here you have this mechanism that we can use as a great invention to use our lifestyle .
here you have this mechanism that we can use as a great invention of stressing our lives .

hier ist nun ein bild des gebäudes mit den physischen bildpunkten , den bildpunkten aus wasser und die projektionen darauf .
here is an image then of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels made of water , and then projections on them .
so here &apos;s a picture of the building with the physical image , the points of water and the projections on it .
so here &apos;s a picture of the building with the physical imagery , the imagery of water and the projections on it .

dies ist nur ein kleiner vorgeschmack auf die einblicke , die bonobos uns in unsere vergangenheit und gegenwart gewähren .
so these are just small tasters into the insights that bonobo give us to our past and present .
this is just a little taste on the insight , the bonobos in our past and the present .
this is just a little taste on the glimpse , the bonobos in our past and present .

letzten endes aber geht es darum , wie wir die welt interpretieren , und wie sie auf einer zweidimensionalen fläche greifbar gemacht werden kann .
but in the end , it comes down to how we interpret the world and how it can be realized on a two-dimensional surface .
but ultimately , it &apos;s about how we interpret the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
but in the past , it &apos;s about how we interpret the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .

und wenn ich » nein « sagte , umarmte sie mich wieder . wenn ich » ja « sagte , ließ sie mich in ruhe .
and if i said , &quot; no , &quot; she &apos;d assault me again , and if i said , &quot; yes , &quot; she &apos;d leave me alone .
and if i said , &quot; no , &quot; well , let me turn back . &quot; if i said , &quot; yes , she left me .
and when i said , &quot; no , she told me again . if i said , &quot; yes , she left me .

sie gehen es wirklich durch und schaffen einen rahmen , in dem dies breit diskutiert werden kann , denn wir brauchen dafür unterstützung von allen seiten .
they really go through it and create a framework that this can be discussed broadly , because we need broad backing for this .
they actually go through and create a framework where this can be argued , because we need to support all sides .
they really go through it and create a framework where this can be discussed , because we need support for all sides .

heute ist ein modernes orchester in der lage , alles zu spielen , was ein orchester von damals als unspielbar abgelehnt hat .
today a modern orchestra can play anything that was rejected as unplayable at the time .
today , a modern orchestra is able to play everything a orchestra of what an orchestra did at that time .
today , a modern orchestra is able to play everything that an orchestra has rejected at the time .

computer hacken , und dann wird es in den medien immer so , ja , die hacker brechen irgendwo ein und klauen daten und so weiter .
computer hacking , and then in the media it &apos;s yes , hackers break into a place and steal data and so on .
computer hacks , and then it will always be in the media , yes , the hackers will break somewhere , and so forth and so forth .
computer hacks , and then it &apos;s always going to break in the media , yes , the hackers will break a little bit somewhere and clear data and so on .

als ich noch ein kind war , da war die zukunft irgendwo beim jahr 2000 und die leute sprachen oft darüber , was wohl passieren würde im jahr 2000 .
now when i was a kid growing up , the future was kind of the year 2000 , and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
when i was a kid , there was the future somewhere in 2000 , and people were often talking about what would happen in 2000 .
when i was a child , there was the future somewhere in 2000 , and people often talked about what would happen in 2000 .

warum wir die urlaube aussuchen , die wir aussuchen ist ein problem , das sich uns stellt mit einer wahl zwischen den beiden arten des selbst .
why do we pick the vacations we do is a problem that confronts us with a choice between the two selves .
why we &apos;re looking at the judgments that we &apos;re looking for is a problem that makes us a choice between the two types of self .
why we &apos;re looking for the urgency that we &apos;re looking for is a problem with a choice between the two types of self .

vielen dank . nur um terrapower etwas besser zu verstehen -- erstmal , können sie uns eine vorstellung der größenordnung dieser investition geben ?
thank you . so to understand more about terrapower , right -- i mean , first of all , can you give a sense of what scale of investment this is ?
thank you very much . just to understand a little bit better -- first time you can give us an idea of the scale of this investment ?
thank you very much . just to understand a bit better -- first time , can you give us an idea of scale of this investment ?

das schönste ist , wie sie anfangen die elektronik , die sie im alltag umgibt zu verstehen und die sie nicht in der schule lernen .
the nicest thing is how they start to understand the electronics around them from everyday that they don &apos;t learn at schools .
the most beautiful is how you start to understand the electronics that you have in the everyday life , and you don &apos;t learn them in school .
the most beautiful thing is how you start to understand the electronics that you &apos;re in the everyday , and you don &apos;t learn in school .

so in diesen plänen , wir hatten ungefähr 657 plänen die den menschen irgendetwas zwischen zwei bis 59 verschiedenen fonds anboten .
so in these plans , we had about 657 plans that ranged from offering people anywhere from two to 59 different fund offerings .
so in these places , we had about 657 layers that people had anything between two to 59 different fonds .
so in these places , we had about 657 places that people had anything between two to 59 different fonds .

mir geht es jetzt darum , praktisch diese ganze umweltdiskussion , weltuntergang , vierzig jahre club-of-rome , in qualität umzusetzen .
my objective is to transform this entire discussion about the environment , the end of the world , forty years of the-club-of-rome , into quality .
i &apos;m going to do it now , basically , this whole environmental discussion , global process , four-year clubs , in quality .
i &apos;m going to talk about this , basically , this whole environmental discussion , global discussion , four years of clubs of clubs , in quality of quality .

die fischgründe dieser buntbarsche waren sehr ertragreich und die fischer lebten gut davon und verdienten in ghana überdurchschnittlich gut .
and the fisheries for this tilapia sustained lots of fish and they had a good time and they earned more than average in ghana .
the fisheries of this bunk were very intractable , and the fishermen lived well , and the fishermen in ghana are overwhelmed .
the fisheries of these federal barrels were very tracked , and the fishermen lived well , and the fishermen were living well in ghana .

und um sicherzustellen , dass nichts in meinem ärmel verschwindet oder aus ihm herauskommt , werde ich einfach mein handgelenk genau hier zusammendrücken .
and to make sure nothing goes up or down my sleeve i &apos;m just going to squeeze my wrist right here .
and to make sure that nothing disappear in my sledder or comes out of it , i &apos;m just going to press my wrist right here .
and to make sure that nothing in my sleeve or comes out of him , i &apos;m just going to express my wrist right here .

<unk> olé ! <unk> für dich trotz alledem , einfach dafür , dass du die bloße menschliche liebe und den eigensinn hast , dafür da zu sein .
&quot; ole ! &quot; to you , nonetheless , just for having the sheer human love and stubbornness to keep showing up .
now , let &apos;s take care of you , despite the fact that you have the mere human love and your own sense of being there .
olgrooling ! it &apos;s a very common thing to do with you , just that you love the human love and the sense of being there .

im handumdrehen war der gerichtssaal voller menschen , die wütend waren , dass wir über hautfarbe sprachen , über armut , über ungleichheit .
and before i knew it , the courtroom was filled with people angry that we were talking about race , that we were talking about poverty , that we were talking about inequality .
in the manual , the courthouse was full of people who were angry , that we talked about skin color , about poverty , about inequality .
in the negotiation , the court room was full of people who were angry that we talked about skin color languages , about poverty , about inequality .

wir fühlen uns überwältigt . wir fühlen uns besiegt . wir fühlen uns bedroht , vielleicht deprimiert , frustriert oder zynisch .
we feel overcome , we feel overwhelmed , we feel anxious , maybe depressed , frustrated or cynical .
we feel overwhelmed . we feel anxious . we feel threatened , maybe depressed , frustrated or cynical .
we feel overwhelmed . we feel obsessed . we feel threatened , maybe depressed , frustrated or cynical .

eine pille zweimal täglich ist nicht so gut wie drei pillen - ich kann mich jetzt nicht an die genaue statistik erinnern . tut mir leid .
one pill twice a day is not as good at three pills -- i don &apos;t remember the statistic now . sorry .
a pill twice a day is not as good as three pillars -- i can &apos;t remember the accurate statistics . i &apos;m sorry .
a pilot twice a day is not as good as three pills -- i can &apos;t remember the accuracy of statistics . sorry .

das ist aus den u.s.a ein netzwerk , das ist eigentlich mehr so eine art forum , wo sich wo man sich halt trifft und online diskutiert .
that &apos;s a network from the usa , that &apos;s more of a kind of a forum , where you where people can meet and discuss things online .
this is from the u.s. , which is a network , which is actually more like a form of forum where you go and look online .
this is from the u.s. s.a network , which is actually more like a kind of forum where you hold and discuss .

wir vertrauen darauf , dass jemand zeit mit uns verbringt , dass die regeln eingehalten werden , dass wir das gleiche ziel haben und bis zum spielende dabei bleiben .
we trust that they will spend their time with us , that they will play by the same rules , value the same goal , they &apos;ll stay with the game until it &apos;s over .
we trust that somebody will give us time to us that the rules will be made that we have the same goal and stay in the end .
we trust that somebody &apos;s going to leave us with us that the rules are going to stop that we have the same goal and to the end of play .

und ja , vieles von dem , was heute gesagt wurde , berührt mich sehr , weil viele , viele schöne äußerungen dabei waren , die ich auch durchlebt habe .
and yes , a lot of what is said today really moves me , because many , many nice statements were made , which i also was part of .
and yes , a lot of what it was said today , i was touched to be very , because many , many , many of the beautiful expressions that i &apos;ve been through .
and yes , a lot of what was said today was touched me , because many , many , lots of beautiful expressions that i have also survived through .

nun , in den letzten zehn jahren haben wir bei menschen drei wesentliche negative konsequenzen beobachtet , die das anbieten von mehr und mehr auswahlmöglichkeiten mit sich bringt .
well , over the past decade , we have observed three main negative consequences to offering people more and more choices .
well , in the last 10 years , we &apos;ve seen three essential negative consequences that provide more and more choices with more choices .
now , in the last 10 years , we have observed three major negative consequences that provide more and more choices with themselves .

die kanadische regierung gab den inuit im april 1999 die vollständige kontrolle über ein gebiet zurück , das größer ist als kalifornien und texas zusammen .
the canadian government in april of 1999 gave back to total control of the inuit an area of land larger than california and texas put together .
the canadian government gave the inuit in april 1999 , the complete control over a field , which is bigger than california and texas .
the canadian government gave the inuit in april 1999 , in 1999 , the complete control of a area that &apos;s bigger than california and texas .

aber um fair zu sein – die gruppe der chemiker haben über die jahrhunderte nicht den ruf von alkoholsüchtigen manisch-depressive menschen erhalten .
but to be fair , chemical engineers as a group haven &apos;t really earned a reputation over the centuries for being alcoholic manic-depressives .
but to be fair -- the group of chemist who didn &apos;t get the phone calls from the alcohol manual depression .
but in order to be fair -- the group of the chemist didn &apos;t get the call of alcohol &apos;s call of alcohol depressed people .

wir durchgehen dieselben stufen , welche mehrzellerorganismen durchgemacht haben – die abstraktion unserer methoden , wie wir daten festhalten , präsentieren , verarbeiten .
we &apos;re going through the same levels that multi-cellular organisms have gone through -- abstracting out our methods of recording , presenting , processing information .
we go through the same stages , which have made multi-cellular organisms -- the abstraction of our methods , how we emphasize data , are working .
we &apos;re going through the same stages that have made several cellular organisms -- the abstraction of our methods of how we represent data , working , working .

halten sie ihn sich beim einmarsch der kommunisten in saigon vor augen , wie er sich eingestehen muss , dass sein leben eine einzige verschwendung gewesen war .
imagine him as the communists enter saigon , confronting the fact that his life had been a complete waste .
keep him in the mundane of communications in saigon eyes , as he had to stand up , that his life was a single waste of waste .
think of him in the march of communication in saigon , as he has to stand , that his life was a single waste .

ich sass einmal in einer 747 zusammen mit marvin minsky , ale er eine karte hervorholt und sagt , &quot; oh schau . schau dir das an .
i was riding in a 747 with marvin minsky once , and he pulls out this card and says , &quot; oh look . look at this .
i once sat in a 747 combined with marvin minsky , and he puts a map , and he says , &quot; oh , look at that . look at that .
i once sat in a 747 together with marvin minsky , he gives a map and says , &quot; oh look . look at you .

und diese dieses vermögen die virtuelle die realität zu virtualisieren , die haben die menschen in den vorindustriellen zeiten auch bitter nötig gehabt , denn die hatten ja gar nichts .
and this this ability to virtualise the virtual reality was something that people in pre-industrial times bitterly needed , because they didn &apos;t have anything .
and this wealth of the virtual reality of virtual reality that people needed in the pre-industrial times as well as well , because they had nothing to do .
and these are the virtual reality to virtual reality that people have needed in the industrial times , because they didn &apos;t have anything .

und wissen sie was ? wenn ich das sage , schreien mich die leute an und sagen : &quot; was kümmert es dich ? lass die leute doch machen , was sie wollen .
and you know what ? when i say this stuff , people scream at me , and they say , &quot; what do you care ? let people do what they want to do .
and you know what ? when i say that , people write me and they say , &quot; what do you care about it ? let people do what you want to do .
and you know what ? if i say that , i write people and say , &quot; what do you care about ? the people do , what do you want .

erinnern sie sich daran , als carl sagan das voyager-raumfahrzeug 1990 , als es am saturn vorbeigezogen war , zurück in richtung erde drehte ?
do you remember when carl sagan turned the voyager spacecraft back towards the earth , in 1990 after it just passed saturn ?
remember , as carl sagan , the voyager-spacecraft , in 1990 , when it moved back to saturn , turn back to the earth ?
remember , when carl sagan sagan saves the voyaf space in 1990 , when it moved back to saturn , went back to earth ?

also der erste fall : all die trillionen von atome aus denen das stück metall besteht liegen still da und zur gleichen zeit bewegen sich dieselben atome auf und ab .
so in one case : all the trillions of atoms that make up that chunk of metal are sitting still and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
so the first case is , all the atoms of atoms are made of the piece of metal , and they &apos;re still moving at the same time and the same atoms are heading up and down .
so , the first case : all the stones of atoms from atoms are the piece of metal is still there , and at the same time , they move the same atoms and down .

und gerade als die frau , die mich als erwachsenen kennen lernen wollte , mich kennenlernte , verwandelte sie sich in eine kiste voll asche und wurde in meine hände gelegt .
and just as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult got to know me , she turned into a box of ashes and was placed in my hands .
and just as the woman who wanted to know me as adults wanted to know me , relaxed , she turned into a box of kite , and was put in my hands .
and just as the woman who wanted me to know me as adults , she was learning , she was related to a box in a box and was put in my hands .

also ist das , was für diese reaktoren ein problem war , das , was wir in unseren füllen und damit wird das müllvolumen dramatisch reduziert während dieses prozesses .
so , the thing that &apos;s been a problem from those reactors is actually what gets fed into ours , and you &apos;re reducing the volume of the waste quite dramatically as you &apos;re going through this process .
so this is what this reactor was a problem , which is what we fill in our fill , and that &apos;s where the volume is reduced during this process .
so this is what this reactors was a problem that we fill in our fill , and it &apos;s reduced the waste volume during this process .

also eine app , die in ein paar tagen geschrieben ist , und sich dann von selbt ausbreitet , ist eine art schuss vor den bug auf die institution der regierung .
so an app that takes a couple of days to write and then spreads virally , that &apos;s sort of a shot across the bow to the institution of government .
so a app that &apos;s written in a few days , and then it &apos;s spread from rare , it &apos;s a kind of a sling on the government of government .
so a app that &apos;s written in a couple of days , and then it &apos;s spread from rare , is a kind of shaped on the institution of the government .

ich bin ein maultier . um arbeiten zu können muss ich jeden tag zur gleichen zeit aufstehen und schwitzen , mich abmühen und wirklich unangenehm durchquälen .
i &apos;m a mule , and the way that i have to work is that i have to get up at the same time every day , and sweat and labor and barrel through it really awkwardly .
i &apos;m a wall , and i have to work every day , i have to stand up to the same time and swim , and i &apos;m really excited about uncomfortable .
i &apos;m a wall . to work , i have to work on the same day , i have to swim at the same time and swim , i &apos;m really unpleasant and really unpleasant .

wir können einen schritt weiter rausgehen und ordnen die daten dann neu und sehen , dass kreislauferkrankungen und krebs die üblichen verdächtigen sind , jedoch nicht für jeden .
we can step back out again and then reorganize the data by cause of death , seeing that circulatory diseases and cancer are the usual suspects , but not for everyone .
we can go out a step further , and then review the data , and see that circular disease and cancer is susceptible , but not for everyone .
we can go back to a step further and remove the data and see that circular disease and cancer are the usual memory , but not for everyone .

und ich habe gelernt , dass die welt der tiefsee , selbst in den flacheren ozeanen , so reich an faszinierendem leben ist , wie wir es uns wirklich kaum vorstellen können .
and i &apos;ve learned that that deep-ocean environment , and even the shallow oceans , are so rich with amazing life that really is beyond our imagination .
and i learned that the world &apos;s deep sea , even in the flat oceans , so fascinating in life , is how we can really imagine it .
and i &apos;ve learned that the world of the deep sea , even in the flat oceans , is as fascinating as we can really imagine .

ich habe eine menge über wissenschaft gelernt . aber ich jetzt denken sie sicherlich , ein regisseur muss auch führen können , ein führer sein wie ein schiffskapitän oder so .
i learned a lot about science . but i also learned a lot now you think director has got to be a leader , leader of , captain of the ship , and all that sort of thing .
i &apos;ve learned a lot about science , but now i think you &apos;re certainly going to have to have a director , a leader like a shield or something .
i &apos;ve learned a lot about science . but now i think you &apos;re probably going to have to lead a director , a leader like a shipping apple or something like this .

und das war , für uns , sehr spannend , denn als architekten , ingenieure , als designer , denken wir immer darüber nach , wie die menschen , die dinge nutzen , die wir entwerfen .
and that was , for us , was very interesting , because , as architects , as engineers , as designers , we always think about how people will use the things we design .
and that was , for us , very exciting , because as architects , engineers , as designers , we always think about how people who use things that we design .
and that was , for us , very exciting , because as architects , engineers , as designers , as designers , we always think about how people use things that we design .

die meisten von ihnen sind digitale photos einer kamera , aber dieses hier ist zum beispiel ein scan von der kongressbibliothek und es ist in einem bereich von 300 megapixeln .
most of them are ordinary digital camera photos , but this one , for example , is a scan from the library of congress , and it &apos;s in the 300 megapixel range .
most of you are digital data , but this is a camera , for example , a scan of congress , and it &apos;s in a field of 300 megacids .
most of you are a digital camera , but this is a scan of the library library , and it &apos;s in a area of 300 megaps .

nicht länger ein gebäude , das sich öffnen würde um sie ein zu lassen , aber ein gebäude , das immer noch pausen und löcher im wasser hatte , man musste jetzt springen ohne nass zu werden .
not anymore a building that would open up to let you in , but a building that would still make cuts and holes through the water , and you had to jump without getting wet .
no longer a building that would open up to you , but a building that still had to be breathed and holes in the water , you had to jump right now without getting wet .
no longer a building that would open up to make them a building , but a building that still had breaks and black holes in the water , you had to jump without getting white .

wenn es uns nun gelingt , die systeme zu kompromittieren , welche drehzahlen und ventile kontrollieren , dann können wir damit tatsächlich eine menge probleme verursachen mit der zentrifuge .
now if we manage to compromise these systems that control drive speeds and valves , we can actually cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
now , if we can take the systems to commit , which are the dirty numbers and the valves , then we can actually make a lot of problems with the centralized .
now , if we can get the systems to combine the systems , which are going to control , and we can actually control a lot of problems with the centrifuge .

nur die dinge , die verschleißen , wie schuhsolen , wie bremsbeläge , wie autoreifen , die müssen so sein , dass sie in biologische systeme gehen .
only things that are subject to wear and tear , such as shoe soles , brake coverings , car tyres , they have to be made in such a way that they go back into biological systems .
just the things that disappear , like shoe solves , like breeding , like bugs , like authorities , who need to be so that they &apos;re going to go to biological systems .
it &apos;s just the things that disappear , like gloves , like breeds , like shrimp , like authores , who have to be so that they &apos;re going to go into biological systems .

sie sind nichts anderes als etwas , das sie morgens anlegen und das ihnen zusätzliche stärke verleiht und das ihre geschwindigkeit weiter erhöhen wird und das ihnen dabei helfen wird , beispielsweise ihre balance zu halten .
these are nothing else than something that you put on in the morning , and it will give you extra strength , and it will further enhance your speed , and it will help you , for instance , to manage your balance .
you &apos;re not something else that you put in the morning , and you &apos;re adding the extra strength , and you &apos;re going to increase your speed , and that &apos;s going to help you keep your balance .
they &apos;re nothing else than something that they put in the morning , and they give them the extra strength , and the speed is going to increase , and that &apos;s going to help them keep their balance .

wir setzen spiele ein , um allem zu entgehen , das in der echten welt nicht funktioniert , allem das im echten leben nicht befriedigend ist , und wir holen uns was wir brauchen aus den spielen .
we &apos;re using games to get away from everything that &apos;s broken in the real environment , everything that &apos;s not satisfying about real life , and we &apos;re getting what we need from games .
we &apos;re putting games to go into everything that doesn &apos;t work in the real world , especially in real life , is not satisfying , and we need what we need to play out of play .
we &apos;re going to play a game that doesn &apos;t work in the real world , everything that &apos;s not satisfying in real life , and we get what we need to play .

dies ist die großartigste zeit , die es je auf diesem planeten gab , egal , welchen maßstab sie anlegen : gesundheit , reichtum , mobilität , gelegenheiten , sinkende krankheitsraten .
this is the greatest time there &apos;s ever been on this planet by any measure that you wish to choose : health , wealth , mobility , opportunity , declining rates of disease ...
this is the greatest time that there has ever been on this planet , no matter what scale you have : health , wealth , mobility , opportunities , ubiquitous disease .
this is the great time that there &apos;s ever been on this planet , no matter what scale you &apos;re looking at : health , wealth , mobility , opportunities .

ein teil des designs ist es , stücke zu erstellen die 50 buchstaben lang sind und die mit anderen 50-buchstaben stücken überlappen müssen , um kleinere sub-einheiten zu bauen damit diese zusammenpassen .
part of the design is designing pieces that are 50 letters long that have to overlap with all the other 50-letter pieces to build smaller subunits we have to design so they can go together .
part of the design is to make pieces of the 50 letters that are long , and the other 50-letter transmits need to be able to build smaller subsidies so that they can adapt .
a part of the design is to make pieces of the 50 letters long , and the other 50-letter bricks have to make smaller pieces of smaller .

wie sie sich alle erinnern , lehnten unsere gründungsväter das konzept der monarchie ab . und die monarchie basierte im grund genommen auf einem sehr vereinfachten konzept von anatomie .
so as you all recall , what our founding fathers were rejecting was a concept of monarchy , and the monarchy was basically based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
as you all remember , our founding fathers the concept of the monarchy , and the monarchie based on a very simple concept of anatomy .
as you all remember , our founding vectors refused the concept of monarchy , and the monarchie basin was based on a very simplified concept of atoms .

es ist ein fluss , der all die dinge mit sich führt , von denen flüsse heutzutage dazu neigen , sie mit sich zu führen , chemische schadstoffe , abfluss von schädlingsbekämpfungsmitteln .
it &apos;s a river that carries with it all the things that rivers tend to carry these days : chemical contaminants , pesticide runoff .
it &apos;s a flow of all the things that are doing with which rivers tend to do with them today , with chemical pollutants , decrease of cardioxide .
it &apos;s a river that leads to all of the things that liquid now tend to lead them with chemical pollutants , chemical pollutants .

ich gehe bei meinen aufnahmen dieser eisberge so vor , als würde ich portraits meiner vorfahren machen , in dem bewusstsein , dass sie in diesen individuellen augenblicken aus diese weise existieren , und niemals wieder so existieren werden .
i approach photographing these icebergs as if i &apos;m making portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these individual moments they exist in that way and will never exist that way again .
i &apos;m going to go to my footage of this ice cream as if i would make portraits of my ancestors , in the awareness that they exist in these individual eyemen , and never exist again .
i &apos;m going to go to my footage of these ice mountains as i would make portraits of my ancestors , in consciousness , that they exist in this individual eye eye view , and never exist again .

fleischhandel und der rückgang des baumbestandes führen dazu , dass man nicht mal ein stadion mit den verbliebenen bonobos füllen könnte -- und selbst da sind wir nicht sicher , um ehrlich zu sein .
bushmeat trades and forest loss means we couldn &apos;t fill a small stadium with all the bonobos that are left in the world -- and we &apos;re not even sure of that to be honest .
meat and the back of the cotton is that you couldn &apos;t fill a stadium with the corn bow bonobos -- and even we &apos;re not safe to be honest .
meat and the backward of the cotton is going to be able to fill a stadium with the connected bonobos -- and even there we &apos;re not sure to be honest .

sie kennen jerry bruckheimer-filme , wo es das &quot; dream-team &quot; gibt . sie haben den astronauten , den wissenschaftler , den ex-sträfling und nur zusammen können sie die welt retten .
you know jerry bruckheimer movies , you form a dream team -- you &apos;ve got the astronaut , the scientist , the ex-convict , and they all have something to do to save the world .
you know jerry bruise films , where you have the dream-team team . you have the astronauts , the scientists , the ex-strings , and you can only save the world .
you know jerry bruckers , where there &apos;s the dream-team team . they have the astronauts , the scientists , the exact scientists , and they can just save the world .

vielleicht beschleunigt sich der enorme fortschritt , den wir im letzten jahrhundert durch eine reihe von kräften gemacht haben , sich so stark , dass es uns in den nächsten drei jahrzehnten möglich wird , eine welt des überflusses zu erschaffen .
perhaps the tremendous progress we &apos;ve made over the last century by a series of forces are , in fact , accelerating to a point that we have the potential in the next three decades to create a world of abundance .
perhaps the tremendous progress that we &apos;ve been doing in the last century has done by a series of forces , so strong that it &apos;s going to be possible for the next three decades to create a world of flushes .
maybe the tremendous progress that we &apos;ve been doing in the last century with a series of forces , so much that it will allow us to create in the next three decades of the world .

und natürlich , nebenprodukt all dessen sind die immens reichen virtuellen modelle von jedem interessanten teil der erde , die nicht nur durch überflüge oder satellitenbilder und so weiter erhalten wurden , sondern durch kollektive speicher .
and of course , a by-product of all of that is immensely rich virtual models of every interesting part of the earth , collected not just from overhead flights and from satellite images and so on , but from the collective memory .
and of course , the product of all this is the immense virtual models of every interesting part of the earth that is not only overwhelmed by satellite or satellite images and so on , but by collective memory .
and of course , by the way , the product of all of these are the immense virtual models of each part of the earth , not only from overwhelming or satellite images and so on and so forth , but through collective memory .

und falls sie in einer stadt wie maastricht sind und jemand zusammenbricht , können sie ihr iphone benutzen , und innerhalb der nächsten wochen auch ihr microsoft-handy , um den nächsten aed zu finden , der leben retten kann .
and whenever you are in a city like maastricht and somebody collapses , you can use your iphone , and within the next weeks also run your microsoft cellphone , to find the nearest aed which can save lives .
and if you &apos;re in a city like maastrian , and someone can break together , you can use your iphone , and within the next few weeks , you can also find your software mobile phone to find the next one who can save lives .
and if you &apos;re in a city like maastries , and somebody &apos;s breaking together , you can use your iphone , and within the next weeks , you can find your micro-cell phone cell phone to find the next aed cell phone that can save life .

wir schufen dann tatsächlich sechs monate später eine realität , in der ich mich in einem russischen tauchboot wiederfand , vier kilometer unter der oberfläche des nordatlantik , und mir die echte titanic durch ein bullauge anschaute .
because we actually created a reality where six months later , i find myself in a russian submersible two and a half miles down in the north atlantic , looking at the real titanic through a view port .
we actually created six months later in a reality where i found myself in a russian boat , four kilometers under the surface of the north atlantic , and i looked at the real titanic through a bullo .
we actually created six months later a reality where i found myself back in a russian boat , four miles under the north of the northetics , and i saw the real dancing through an eye .

und in genau so einem reizstadium befand sich nathaniel , als wir mit unserer ersten unterrichtsstunde in der walt disney <unk> ert hall begannen . er hatte dieses irre flackern in seinen augen und wirkte völlig verloren .
and nathaniel was in such a state of agitation when we started our first lesson at walt disney concert hall -- he had a kind of manic glint in his eyes , he was lost .
and in fact , in a rice state , nathaniel found out to us when we started out with our first session in walney disney , and he had this irritation in his eyes and completely lost .
and in exactly the same stage at the same time , nathaniel nathaniel , when we started talking to our first conversations in the forest of wallet , and he started to have lost this irrigation in his eyes and lost .

die meisten frauen , so wie ich -- ich glaube eine typische frau zu sein -- ich kenne meinen tatsächlichen chromosomenaufbau nicht , aber ich denke , dass ich wahrscheinlich den typischen habe -- die meisten frauen wie ich sprechen tatsächlich auf androgene an .
most females like me -- i believe myself to be a typical female -- i don &apos;t actually know my chromosomal make-up but i think i &apos;m probably typical -- most females like me are actually androgen-sensitive .
most women , like me , i think -- i think i &apos;m a typical woman -- i don &apos;t know my actual chromosome chromosome , but i think i probably have the typical -- most women like i &apos;m actually talking about androids .
most women , as i think -- i think a typical woman -- i don &apos;t know my actual chromosomes , but i think i probably have the typical -- most of the women i actually talk about androws .

wenn wir zu diesen richtig großen stücken gelangen -- mit über 100.000 basenpaaren -- dann werden diese nicht einfach in e. coli wachsen . es übersteigt alle möglichkeiten der modernen molekularbiologie . und so wandten wir uns anderen mechanismen zu .
when we get into these really large pieces over 100,000 base pairs , they won &apos;t any longer grow readily in e. coli -- it exhausts all the modern tools of molecular biology -- and so we turned to other mechanisms .
if we go to these really big bridges -- with over 100,000 base pairs -- these are not just going to grow in ecoli . it &apos;s going to grow all the possibilities of modern molecular biology , and so we turned to other mechanisms .
if we get to these really big gaps -- with 100,000 bases -- then they &apos;re not just going to grow in ecoli . it &apos;s going to grow all of the modern molecular molecular molecular molecular biology , and so we &apos;re going to change other mechanisms .

so habe ich angefangen zu denken und so denke ich mit sicherheit in den vergangenen monaten , während ich an dem buch arbeitete , das bald erscheinen wird – als der gefährliche , beängstigende , stark erwartete nachfolger meines abgefahrenen erfolgs .
this is how i &apos;ve started to think , and this is certainly how i &apos;ve been thinking in the last few months as i &apos;ve been working on the book that will soon be published , as the dangerously , frighteningly over-anticipated follow up to my freakish success .
so i started thinking about this , and so i think , with the safety of security in the past months , while i was working on the book , that &apos;s going to seem soon -- as the dangerous , fearful , expectations of my conclusion of success .
so i started thinking , and so i think with security in the past few months , while i was working on the book , soon the book is going to appear -- as the dangerous , anxious , expectations of my journey .

das erste projekt , das wir als internationale gruppe gemacht haben , als wir uns quasi unserer selbst bewusst wurden , o.k , es gibt uns jetzt hier als wirkliche szene auch , und wir sind online , und wir wir kennen so die leute , die da immer chatten und so .
and then the founder of do-it-yourself-bio dot org came and said : okay
the first project that we &apos;ve done as international group , as we &apos;ve become aware of ourselves , o.k , there &apos;s now us as a real scene , and we &apos;re online , and we know the people that are always there and so on .
the first project that we &apos;ve done as international group as we &apos;ve been aware of our own self , o.k , there &apos;s now as real scenes , and we &apos;re online , and we know the people that are always there .

jetzt muss ich gestehen , wenn ich ein college-student war , dachte ich , okay , sex / tod , sex / tod , tod für sex - es schien ziemlich vernünftig zu dem zeitpunkt , aber mit jedem jahr , ist es zu meinen zunehmenden zweifeln gekommen .
now i have to confess , when i was a college undergraduate , i thought , okay , sex / death , sex / death , death for sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at the time , but with each passing year , i &apos;ve come to have increasing doubts .
now i have to stand up , when i was a college student , i thought , okay , sex , sex / sex , death -- it seemed quite reasonable to do it , but with every year , it had to come to my second fence .
now , i have to stand when i was a college student , i thought , okay , sex / sex , death , death death for sex -- it seemed quite reasonably reasonable at the time , but at every year , it &apos;s got to get my doubt .

» als wir in osteuropa gegen die unterdrückung kämpften , wollten wir alles mögliche . aber was wir am meisten brauchten , war hoffnung , eine geistige orientierung , die bereitschaft , manchmal an hoffnungslosen orten zu sein , und zeuge zu sein . «
he said , &quot; when we were in eastern europe and dealing with oppression , we wanted all kinds of things , but mostly what we needed was hope , an orientation of the spirit , a willingness to sometimes be in hopeless places and be a witness . &quot;
&quot; as we were fighting in eastern europe against the oppression , we wanted to fix everything , but what we needed most was hope , a mental orientation , the skills , sometimes to be hopeless , and to be the legislation . &quot;
&quot; when we were fighting in eastern europe against the suburbia , we wanted to do all kinds of things , but what we needed to be most hope was hope , a mental orientation , which is to be hopeful to be hopeless places , and to be involved . &quot;

und dann gehen sie zu dem verbraucher-elektronik geschäft um eine stereoanlage zusammenzustellen -- lautsprecher , cd-player , ein kassetten-player , radio , verstärker . und in diesem einen elektronik geschäft gibt es so viele stereo anlagen .
and then you go to the consumer electronics store to set up a stereo system -- speakers , cd player , tape player , tuner , amplifier -- and in this one single consumer electronics store , there are that many stereo systems .
and then they go to the consumer electronics business to put together a stereo store -- speaker , cd , a tape player , a tape radio , more powerful , and in this electronics , there &apos;s so many stereo business .
and then they go to the consumer electronics store to put a stereo plant together -- laurel , cd , cash , a candle player , radio , radio radio . and in this electronics , there &apos;s so many stereo .

dies konnte nun innerhalb der lebensdauer eines einzelnen organismus geschehen , wohingegen davor hunderttausende von jahren gebraucht wurden , weil diese information evolutionär gelernt werden musste von den individuen , welche wegen dieser frucht starben , da diese informationsverarbeitungsstrukturen noch nicht vorhanden waren .
that could happen within the lifetime of a single organism , whereas before they &apos;d built these special information processing structures , that would have had to be learned evolutionarily over hundreds of thousands of years by the individuals dying off that ate that kind of fruit .
now , this was able to happen within the life of a single organism , which has been done by hundreds of thousands of years , because these evolutionary information had to be learned from the individuals who had to be launched because of these fertilizers , because those information structures were not yet available .
now this could happen in the lifetime of a single organism , whereas hundreds of thousands of years ago , because these evolutionary information had to be learned from the individuals who were frustrated because of these fruits , because these frustrations were not yet .

man kann sich dieses kulturelle lebensnetz als eine ethnosphäre vorstellen . ethnosphäre kann dabei als die gesamtsumme aller gedanken und träume , mythen ideen , inspirationen und intuitionen , die von der menschlichen vorstellungskraft seit den anfängen des bewusstseins hervorgebracht wurden , definiert werden .
and you might think of this cultural web of life as being an ethnosphere , and you might define the ethnosphere as being the sum total of all thoughts and dreams , myths , ideas , inspirations , intuitions brought into being by the human imagination since the dawn of consciousness .
you can imagine this cultural grid as a ethnic of ethnicity , and ethnicity can be defined as the total sum of all thoughts and dreams , myths , mystical ideas , and intuitions that have been redefined by human imagination since the imagination of consciousness , one of consciousness has been defined .
you can imagine this cultural web as a ethnosphere , ethnosphere , and ethnosphere can be considered the sum of all thoughts and dreams , myths , myths and intuitive ideas and intuitions that have been caused by the human imagination of consciousness .

aber wir zucken nicht einmal , wenn wir jemanden so etwas sagen hören , weil wir diese art von aussagen seit so langer zeit kennen . irgendwie haben wir die auffassung so verinnerlicht und kollektiv akzeptiert , dass kreativität und leid irgendwie natürlich zusammengehören und dass kunst – am ende – immer zur seelenqual führt .
but we don &apos;t even blink when we hear somebody say this because we &apos;ve heard that kind of stuff for so long and somehow we &apos;ve completely internalized and accepted collectively this notion that creativity and suffering are somehow inherently linked and that artistry , in the end , will always ultimately lead to anguish .
but we don &apos;t even know when we hear somebody like this , because we &apos;ve been able to tell this kind of time for a long time , and somehow we &apos;ve accepted the aspiration of light and collective acceptance that creativity and somehow , of course , that art and art -- at the end of the seal .
but we don &apos;t even listen when we hear somebody like this , because we &apos;ve heard this kind of extent for a long time , and somehow we &apos;ve got the insight and collective acceptance that creativity and somehow belongs -- and of course , art -- the end of the headquarter .

und wo sie sehen wie weit wir davon weg sind , was wir wirklich erreichen wollten und könnten , und wie traurige wir sind , dass wir überhaupt auf der erde sind , können sie daran sehen , dass zum beispiel offenbach ein programm hat , bis zwanzig vierzig möchte man hier klimaneutral sein , ja ?
and when you see how far removed we are from what we wanted to and could achieve , and how sad we are to be on this planet in the first place , you can understand why offenbach , for example , has a program to be climate neutral by twenty forty , right ?
and as you can see , where you can see how far we &apos;re going to get away from what we really wanted and how sad we are , and how sad we are we &apos;re at the same time , you can see that , for example , there &apos;s an open program , for example , you want to be 4,000 clients here , right ?
and where you see where you see how far we &apos;re going to go away from what we really wanted to do and how sad we are , and how sad we are at all , we can see you can see that you can see that , for example , for example , has a badly program , until you want to be fourtestody click here ?

it &apos; s friday , friday . gotta get down on friday . everybody &apos; s <unk> forward to the weekend , weekend . friday , friday . gettin &apos; down on friday . ihr hättet nicht gedacht , dass wir diese unterhaltung führen würden , ohne über dieses video zu sprechen , hoffe ich .
it &apos;s friday , friday . gotta get down on friday . everybody &apos;s looking forward to the weekend , weekend . friday , friday . gettin &apos; down on friday . so you didn &apos;t think that we could actually have this conversation without talking about this video i hope .
it &apos;s friday &apos;s friday friday friday , friday friday friday friday friday . friday friday friday friday . friday friday friday , friday friday . you don &apos;t think we &apos;d do this conversation without talking about this video .
it &apos;s friday &apos; friday , friday , goodo kon : friday , friday , winnacto , kweekly , friday morning , friday , friday , fried . and she didn &apos;t think that we would talk about this video without talking about this video , i hope .

also haben wir in einer studie , die ich mit shlomo benartzi und alessandro <unk> tero gemacht habe , wir haben eine studie mit den menschen bei ing gemacht -- angestellten , die alle für ing gearbeitet haben -- und diese menschen waren alle in einer versammlung in der sie ihre teilnahme für ihre rentensparplan angemeldet haben .
so a study that i did with shlomo benartzi and alessandro previtero , we did a study with people at ing -- employees that are all working at ing -- and now these people were all in a session where they &apos;re doing enrollment for their 401 plan .
so we &apos;ve done a study that i &apos;ve done with shlomo benari and alessandro , we &apos;ve done a study with people -- all the people who &apos;ve been working for -- and these people were all involved in a collection where they were involved in their savings plan for their savings .
so , in a study that i did with shlo benari and alessando andro tero terabtero , we made a study with people who worked with people -- who worked for all of them -- and all of those people were in a collection of their plan to participate in their desires .

und deshalb ist die vorstellung , jetzt , wenn man alle möglichen dringenden probleme hat , in etwas zu investieren , von dem man erst später was hat -- und dazu kommt , dass die investition nicht so klar ist . tatsächlich ist der ipcc report nicht unbedingt das schlimmste szenario und es gibt menschen in der reichen welt , die sich ipcc anschauen und sagen , okay , das ist kein großes drama .
and so , when you have all sorts of urgent problems , the idea of taking pain now that has to do with a gain later , and a somewhat uncertain pain thing -- in fact , the ipcc report , that &apos;s not necessarily the worst case , and there are people in the rich world who look at ipcc and say , &quot; ok , that isn &apos;t that big of a deal . &quot;
and that &apos;s why the idea is , now , if you have all kinds of problems that have to invest in something that you &apos;ve only got later -- and that &apos;s why the investment is not so clear , and in fact , the ipcc isn &apos;t necessarily not necessarily the worst thing , and there are people in the rich world who look at the rich world , and say , pc , that &apos;s not a big drama .
and so this is the idea , now , if you have all sorts of problems to invest in something that you have later on -- and that &apos;s the investment that &apos;s not so clear . in fact , the ipc isn &apos;t necessarily the worst thing , and there &apos;s no people in the rich world that look at the rich and the rich world , ok , this is not a big drama .

vom medizinischen standpunkt aus betrachtet kann man natürlich sagen , dass meine beine , die laser-chirurgie für sehbehinderungen , kniegelenke aus titan und künstliche hüftgelenke für alternde körper , die es menschen erlauben , wirklich alle ihre möglichkeiten zu nutzen und sich über die grenzen , die ihnen ihr natürliches schicksal gesetzt hat , hinaus zu entwickeln , gar nicht zu sprechen von social networking plattformen , menschen ermöglichen sich eine eigene identität geben , sich auf eigene art und weise definieren , und sich damit weltweit an zu gruppen orientieren , die sie sich selbst aussuchen .
certainly , from a medical standpoint , my legs , laser surgery for vision impairment , titanium knees and hip replacements for aging bodies that are allowing people to more fully engage with their abilities , and move beyond the limits that nature has imposed on them -- not to mention social networking platforms allow people to self-identify , to claim their own descriptions of themselves , so they can go align with global groups of their own choosing .
of course , from medical standpoint , you can say that my legs , the laser surgery for vision , disabled , candy of titanium and artificial goodness for aging bodies that allow people to really use their ability and to develop the boundaries that their natural destiny has not to speak of networking on people , in their own way , to define themselves and define themselves in the world .
from the medical standpoint of view , of course , you can say that my legs , the laser surgeon for disability , cute joint and artificial chickens for artificial body , allow people to really use their possibilities and their limitations to develop their natural destiny , not to be able to redefine their own social identity in the world , to redefine themselves , to redefine themselves , to redefine themselves in a way .

die ölknappheit ist erfunden , aber wir haben genügend online-inhalte , damit es für sie realistisch wird und sie ihr echtes leben tatsächlich ohne öl leben . also , wenn sie sich zum spiel anmelden , sagen sie uns , wo sie wohnen . und dann erhalten sie nachrichten-filme in echtzeit , die ihnen zeigen , wie viel öl kostet , was es nicht gibt , wie nahrungsversorgung beeinträchtigt ist , wie transport beeinträchtigt wird , ob schulen geschlossen sind , ob es aufstände gibt . und sie müssen herausfinden , wie sie ihr echtes leben gestalten , wenn es wahr wäre . und wir bitten sie , darüber zu bloggen , videos oder photos einzustellen .
the oil shortage is fictional , but we put enough online content out there for you to believe that it &apos;s real , and to live your real life as if we &apos;ve run out of oil . so when you come to the game , you sign up , you tell us where you live , and then we give you real-time news , videos , data feeds that show you exactly how much oil costs , what &apos;s not available , how food supply is being affected , how transportation is being affected , if schools are closed , if there is rioting , and you have to figure out how you would live your real life as if this were true . and then we ask you to blog about it , to post videos , to post photos .
so we have to make real life support for whether we &apos;re going to be able to make real estate of life , whether we &apos;re going to be able to give them weight , and how we &apos;re going to do it , whether it &apos;s going to be true , how it &apos;s possible for food , and how it &apos;s possible for us to make it ? so that it &apos;s not how it &apos;s possible for us to make oil , and how it &apos;s possible , and whether it &apos;s possible for them , and how it &apos;s possible , and how it &apos;s possible , and how it &apos;s possible for them , and how it &apos;s possible , and how it &apos;s possible .
and what they &apos;re doing is that , if they &apos;re imported , there &apos;s a lot of food that they &apos;re going to be , and they &apos;re going to be able to be able to be able to look at oil , and then they &apos;re going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to live on their lives , and they &apos;re going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to look at their lives , and they &apos;re going to be able to be able to see what they &apos;re going to do , and they &apos;re going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to see what they &apos;re going to be a lot of oil , and they &apos;re going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able

