les preuves se divisent en deux catégories .
the evidence falls into two categories .
the evidence is based on two categories .
evidence is based on two categories .

dernier espoir pour le venezuela : des élections
elections are venezuela &apos;s last chance
last hope for venezuela : elections
last hope for venezuela : elections

le crépuscule du chancelier ?
twilight of the chancellor ?
is the creditor of chancellor ?
is chancellor creative ?

justification de l&apos; intervention humanitaire
justifying humanitarian intervention
justification for humanitarian intervention
justification for humanitarian intervention

dire non à bush
just say no to bush
&apos; no &apos; to bush ,
to say no to bush to bush

il n&apos; est guère surprenant que cette proposition ait rapidement était abandonnée .
not surprisingly , the proposal was quickly shelved .
it is hardly surprising that this proposal was immediately abandoned .
it is hardly surprising that this proposal was quickly abandoned .

au minimum , la serbie fera fortement campagne contre une quelconque reconnaissance .
at a minimum , serbia would campaign strongly against recognition .
at least serbia will make a strong campaign against any recognition .
at least , serbia will make a strong campaign against any recognition .

il est cependant toujours difficile , politiquement , de supprimer les protections .
but removing protection is always politically difficult .
however , it is still difficult , politically , to remove protection .
however , it is still difficult , politically , to remove the protection .

mais , depuis début décembre , la grande-bretagne sommeille .
but , as of early december , britain has remained dormant .
but , since the beginning of december , great britain has fallen .
but , since the beginning of december , britain has been sleeping .

l&apos; inde est-elle prête à convertir complètement sa devise ?
is india ready for full currency convertibility ?
is india prepared to converge its currency completely ?
is india prepared to converge its currency completely ?

la méthode par essais et erreurs implique la possibilité de se tromper avant de réessayer .
trial and error implies the opportunity to err before we try again .
the method of testing and mistakes means that it is possible to mislead before trying .
the method by testing and errors means the possibility of miserable before trying .

hélas , rien n&apos; indique que washington n&apos; ait pris conscience de la gravité du problème .
regrettably , there are no indications yet that the problem is recognized in washington as a serious one .
unfortunately , there is no indication that washington has become aware of the seriousness of the problem .
unfortunately , nothing indicates that washington has not become aware of the seriousness of the problem .

il est temps de comprendre le nouveau modèle de conflit en train d&apos; émerger .
it is time to understand the new , emerging model of conflict .
it is time to understand the new model of conflict emerging .
it is time to understand the new model of conflict emerging .

une simple sécheresse peut réduire le potentiel de croissance de 10 % à long terme .
a single drought can cut growth potential by 10 % over an extended period .
a mere drought can reduce the growth potential of 10 % in the long term .
a simple drought can reduce the growth potential of 10 % in the long term .

en tant que consommateur , j&apos; adore les big-box stores .
as a consumer , i think big-box stores are great .
as a consumer , i would like to mention the bidder box .
as a consumer , i would like to see the big-box .

il a fallu que des pays de bonne volonté forment une coalition pour sauver la bosnie de l&apos; extinction .
it took a coalition of the willing to save bosnia from extinction .
it was necessary for countries of good will to form a coalition to save bosnia from extinction .
it was necessary for countries of good will to be a coalition to save bosnia from extinction .

ils ne demandaient pas la charité , juste une chance de pouvoir gagner leur propres revenus .
they didn &apos;t want a handout , only a chance to earn income .
they did not call for charity , just a chance to gain their own income .
they did not call for charity , just a chance to gain their own income .

les périodes difficiles , comme la grande dépression , ont permis d&apos; introduire des changements décisifs .
hard times , like the great depression , have been occasions for fundamental changes .
difficult periods , such as the great pressure , have enabled decisive changes to be introduced .
difficult times , such as the great depressure , have enabled decisive changes to be introduced .

ayant atteint ces objectifs , l&apos; europe souhaite désormais apporter une contribution positive aux développements du monde .
having achieved these goals , europe now wants to make a positive contribution to world developments .
having achieved these objectives , europe now wants to make a positive contribution to developments in the world .
having achieved these objectives , europe now wants to make a positive contribution to developments in the world .

en lui-même , il ne révèle que l&apos; urgence d&apos; une réévaluation fondamentale depuis longtemps nécessaire .
by themselves , they merely revealed the urgency of a fundamental reappraisal that has long been necessary .
in itself , it only shows the urgent need for a fundamental re-assessment for a long time .
in itself , it only shows that the urgent need for a fundamental reassessment has been necessary for a long time .

il y a plus de quarante ans , la turquie a demandé à devenir membre associé de la communauté économique européenne .
more than forty years ago , turkey applied for associate membership of the european economic community .
more than 40 years ago , turkey asked to become a member of the european economic community .
more than 40 years ago , turkey asked to become a member of the european economic community .

une des rares bonnes idées de la stratégie de lisbonne était de supprimer les barrières douanières pour l&apos; échange des services .
one of the few good ideas contained in the lisbon strategy was to remove barriers to trade in services .
one of the few good ideas of the lisbon strategy was to remove customs barriers for the exchange of services .
one of the few good ideas of the lisbon strategy was to remove customs barriers for the exchange of services .

nous pouvons au mieux espérer nous assurer que les pires actes qu&apos; ils commettent soient réalisés à visage découvert .
the best that we can plausibly hope for is to ensure that the worst of what they do is done out in the open .
we can best hope to ensure that the worst acts they are committed to are discovered .
we can best hope to ensure that the worst acts they commit are carried out in the face .

aujourd&apos; hui , l&apos; augmentation des prix de l&apos; immobilier faiblit dans certaines de ces grandes villes .
now growth in home prices is weakening in some of these cities .
today , the increase in the price of property is low in some of these large cities .
today , the increase in the price of low buildings in some of these large cities .

quiconque pense que nous produisons un rival européen à l&apos; amérique n&apos; a pas considéré correctement les faits .
anyone who thinks we are building a european rival to america has not looked properly at the facts .
anyone who believes that we produce a european rival to america has not properly considered the facts .
anyone who thinks that we produce a european riots in america did not consider the facts properly .

après tout , les progrès technologiques demandent aussi un bon gouvernement , des forces de marché , des université efficaces et davantage encore .
after all , technological advance also requires good governance , market forces , effective universities , and more .
after all , technological progress also requires a good government , market forces , efficient university and even more .
after all , technological progress also requires a good government , market forces , effective university university and even more .

la métaphore du jeu ( avec ses règles et ses participants ) mène certains à penser en termes de compétition internationale .
the metaphor of a game--with rules and participants--leads many to think in terms of a competition between nations .
the metals of the game ( with its rules and participants ) lead to some thinking in terms of international competition .
the metaphor of the game ( with its rules and participants ) leads to some thinking in terms of international competition .

c&apos; est encore plus vrai lorsque la souffrance humaine est provoquée par des conflits communautaires , comme c&apos; était le cas au kosovo .
this is especially true where human suffering is caused by communal conflict , as was the case in kosovo .
it is even more true when human suffering is caused by community conflicts , as was the case in kosovo .
this is even more true when human suffering is caused by community conflicts , as was the case in kosovo .

la majorité des américains voient toujours en l&apos; europe un partenaire poursuivant en grande partie les mêmes objectifs dans le monde .
most americans still see in europe a partner with largely the same aims in the world .
the majority of the americans still see a partner in europe that is largely in line with the same objectives in the world .
the majority of the americans still see a partner in europe which is largely the same objectives in the world .

une coalition volontaire de démocraties libérales prêtes à dépêcher leurs soldats pour barrer la route au mal ne suffit pas .
a voluntary coalition of liberal democracies willing to put their own soldiers in harm &apos;s way isn &apos;t good enough .
a voluntary coalition of liberal democracies prepared to defish their soldiers in order to close the road to evil is not enough .
a voluntary coalition of liberal democracies that is ready to defish their soldiers to barse the wrong road is not enough .

le néolibéralisme représente pour les économies néoclassiques ce que l&apos; astrologie représente pour l&apos; astronomie .
neoliberalism is to neoclassical economics as astrology is to astronomy .
neo-liberalism represents the neo-liberalism of the neocsic economies which the astrology represents for astronomia .
neo-liberalism represents for the neo-liberal economies what astellogy represents for astronomy .

seul un mécanisme démocratique de solution au conflit qui ne permettrait pas de prévoir le résultat de la consultation a des chances d&apos; être adopté .
only a democratic mechanism for conflict resolution that has an uncertain outcome has any chance of being adopted .
only a democratic mechanism for resolving the conflict , which would not allow for the result of consultation to be adopted .
only a democratic mechanism for resolving the conflict , which would not allow the result of consultation to be included , is likely to be adopted .

la convertibilité complète ne constitue pas non plus la solution pour attirer des investissements directs à l&apos; étranger ( ide ) plus importants .
nor is full convertibility the key to attracting higher inflows of foreign direct investment ( fdi ) .
neither is the solution to attract direct investment abroad ( cs ) more important .
complete conversion is also not the solution to attract direct investment abroad ( improved ) .

les pays donateurs demandent sans cesse aux africains de changer leurs politiques commerciales , leurs institutions gouvernementales , leurs administrations publiques et davantage encore .
donor countries incessantly ask africans to change their trade policies , government institutions , public administration , and more .
donor countries are constantly asking african countries to change their trade policies , their government institutions , their public administrations and even more .
the donor countries are constantly calling on africans to change their trade policies , their government institutions , their public administrations and even more .

le vieil adage « mieux vaut prévenir que guérir » s&apos; applique tout particulièrement dans le cas de la politique monétaire .
the old adage that &quot; an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure &quot; applies with particular force to monetary policy .
in the case of monetary policy , it is better to prevent monetary policy .
the old &apos; better prevention &apos; applies in particular in the case of monetary policy .

elle nécessite également des efforts pour construire quatre types d&apos; institutions nécessaires au maintien des avancées de la croissance et au renforcement de la résistance aux chocs économiques :
it also requires effort to build four types of institutions required to maintain growth momentum and build resilience to shocks :
it also requires efforts to build four types of institutions necessary to maintain progress in growth and to strengthen resistance to economic shocks :
it also requires efforts to build four types of institutions necessary to maintain progress in growth and to strengthen resistance to economic shocks :

le fait est que les progrès de la démocratie sont allés de pair avec une érosion des valeurs communes et la prépondérance de l&apos; autonomie individuelle .
but the fact is that the advance of democracy historically entailed the erosion of shared values and the rise of individual autonomy .
the fact is that the progress of democracy has gone hand in hand with a erosion of common values and the most important of individual autonomy .
the fact is that the progress of democracy has gone hand in hand with a erosion of common values and the main thrust of individual autonomy .

les états-unis veulent garder le contrôle de l&apos; occupation mais veulent aussi que d&apos; autres prennent les balles qui aujourd&apos; hui déciment les troupes américaines .
the us wants to retain control of the occupation , but it wants others to receive the bullets now mowing down american soldiers .
the united states wants to retain the control of occupation , but also want others to take the balts that are now deciding us troops .
the united states wants to keep control of the occupation , but also want others to take the balates who are now deciding the american troops .

la mauvaise volonté inspirée par la manoeuvre d&apos; orban a interrompu une grande partie de la coopération régionale mise en place durant la dernière décennie .
the ill will orban &apos;s gambit inspired brought to a halt much of the regional cooperation of the last decade .
the poor will inspired by orban manoeuvre has stopped a large proportion of regional cooperation in the last decade .
the bad will inspired by orban &apos;s manoeuvre has suspended a large part of regional cooperation in the last decade .

il est évident que ce sont les pays riches qui doivent assumer la charge de résoudre le problème du changement climatique au cours des prochaines générations .
clearly , the world &apos;s rich countries should carry the burden of dealing with climate change over the next generations .
it is obvious that it is the rich countries that have to deal with the problem of climate change in the next generations .
it is clear that it is the rich countries that have to deal with the problem of climate change in the next generations .

les leaders syriens continuent de rejeter les demandes émanant du liban pour mettre fin à la présence militaire syrienne en place depuis 28 ans .
syria &apos;s leaders also continue to dismiss demands from within lebanon for an end to syria &apos;s 28-year military presence .
the syrian leaders continue to reject the demands from lebanon to put an end to the syrian military presence in place for 28 years .
the syrian leaders continue to reject the requests from lebanon to put an end to the syrian military presence in place for 28 years .

cela serait catastrophique pour l&apos; europe et la reprise économique puisque la bce n&apos; aurait d&apos; autre choix que de peser brutalement sur la pédale de frein monétaire .
this would be disastrous for europe &apos;s economic recovery , as the ecb would have no choice but to slam down hard on the monetary brakes .
this would be disastrous for europe and economic recovery , since the ecb would have no other choice but to influence the brake of monetary brakes .
this would be disastrous for europe and for economic recovery , since the ecb would have no choice but to have a brutal influence on monetary brakes .

mon bureau est ouvert non seulement aux citoyens russes , mais aussi aux ressortissants étrangers et aux apatrides qui estiment que leurs droits politiques ont été menacés .
my office is open not only to russian citizens , but to foreigners and stateless people who feel their political rights have been compromised .
my office is open not only to russian citizens , but also to foreign nationals and apatrides who believe that their political rights have been threatened .
my office is open not only to russian citizens , but also to foreign nationals and patriots who believe that their political rights have been threatened .

en termes de style de leadership , schrã <unk> der joue en solo , mã <unk> ntefering en ã <unk> quipe .
in terms of leadership style , schröder is a soloist ; müntefering a team player .
in terms of the style of leadership , schrristder is playing in the solo , mopntefering in the proquipe .
in terms of a style of leadership , schrder has been involved in solo , who is going to save ntefering in the past .

peu de gens en dehors des classes les plus défavorisées de travailleurs sans emploi et de paysans dépossédés semblent avoir le goût de la protestation politique .
few outside of the lumpen classes of unemployed workers and dispossessed peasants seem to have any gusto for political protest .
few people outside the most disadvantaged classes of workers without employment and sealed farmers seem to have the taste of political protest .
few people outside the most disadvantaged classes of workers without jobs and seated farmers seem to have the taste of political protest .

au maroc par exemple , plus de 80 % des enfants accomplissent un premier cycle d&apos; éducation , mais moins de 20 % atteignent le niveau requis .
yet , in morocco , for example , more than 80 % of school children complete primary school , but fewer than 20 % have mastered the material .
for example , in morocco , more than 80 % of children are carrying out a first round of education , but less than 20 % reach the required level .
for example , in morocco , over 80 % of children are making a first education cycle , but less than 20 % reach the required level .

comme c&apos; est souvent le cas , les choses se sont avérées bien différentes : les compagnies pétrolières sont les grandes gagnantes , et les économies américaines et mondiales ont perdu .
as in so many other ways , things have turned out differently : the oil companies are the big winners , while the american and global economies are losers .
as is often the case , things have proved very different : oil companies are the major winners , and the american and global economies have lost .
as is often the case , things have proved to be different : oil companies are the big winners , and the american and world economies have lost .

il est temps aujourd&apos; hui que toutes les grandes agences internationales et tous les gouvernements prennent la responsabilité d&apos; utiliser l&apos; expertise scientifique et technologique dont ils auront besoin au xxie siècle .
now is the time for every major international agency and national government to assume responsibility for gaining the scientific and technological expertise that they will need in the twenty-first century .
it is time now for all the major international agencies and all governments to take responsibility for using the scientific and technological expertise they need in the 21st century .
it is now time for all the major international agencies and all governments to take responsibility for using the scientific and technological expertise they need in the 21st century .

quoi qu&apos; il en soit , il était trop tard pour protester puisque les dix pays de l&apos; est étaient bel et bien devenus membres à part entière de l&apos; union .
but in any event , it was too late to protest : the ten eastern states had already been granted membership of the union .
in any case , it was too late to protest because the ten eastern countries were , of course , full members of the union .
in any case , it was too late to protest because the ten countries of the east were , of course , fully members of the union .

quand les désaccords sont aussi profonds qu&apos; ils le sont dans le cas de l&apos; agriculture , il n&apos; y a aucune latitude pour mener des négociations réussies .
when disagreements run as deep as they do on agriculture , there can be no give-and-take of the kind that allows for successful negotiations .
when disagreements are as profound as they are in the case of agriculture , there is no room for successful negotiations .
when disagreements are as profound as they are in the case of agriculture , there is no scope for successful negotiations .

la mort de zhao ziyang nous rappelle non seulement qu&apos; il fut traité injustement , mais également combien les réformes chinoises ont été inégales .
zhao ziyang &apos;s death reminds us not only of how unjustly he was treated , but of how lopsided china &apos;s reforms have been .
the death of zhao ziyang reminds us not only that he was treated unfairly , but also how unequal chinese reforms have been .
the death of zhao ziyang reminds us not only that he was not just treated , but also how unequal the chinese reforms have been .

ce n&apos; est pas très sain dans la mesure où notre monde interdépendant n&apos; est pas un jeu à somme nulle , où les gains d&apos; une nation représentent les pertes d&apos; une autre .
this is not entirely healthy , as our interdependent world is not a zero-sum game , where one country &apos;s gain is another &apos;s loss .
it is not very healthy because our interdependent world is not a game at all , where the gains of a nation represent the loss of another .
it is not very healthy because our interdependent world is not a game at all , where the profits of a nation represent the losses of another .

dans la mesure où m. chávez est un politicien adroit et l&apos; opposition reste divisée , il aura de grandes chances de gagner , ce qui devrait lui faire accepter cette solution .
since chávez is a skilled campaigner and the opposition so far lacks unity , he will have a realistic chance of winning--which should make a new contest acceptable to him .
since mr chávez is a politician in adroit and the opposition remains divided , there will be great opportunities to win , which should be able to accept this solution .
as mr chávez is a politician in adroit and the opposition remains divided , there will be great opportunities to win , which should accept this solution .

et , tandis que la libéralisation du commerce agricole pourrait améliorer les revenus à l&apos; exportation de certains pays pauvres , les principaux bénéficiaires ne seront autre que les exportateurs agricoles les plus riches .
and , while agricultural trade liberalization may enhance export earnings for some poor countries , the main beneficiaries will be the more well-to-do agricultural exporters .
and , while the liberalisation of agricultural trade could improve the export incomes of certain poor countries , the main beneficiaries will be the most rich agricultural exporters .
and while the liberalisation of agricultural trade could improve the export income of some poor countries , the main beneficiaries will only be the richest agricultural exporters .

le rapport évolutif est alors généralement présenté sur un site web et tous sans exception ( ong , syndicats et autres organisations de la société civile ) sont invités à émettre des suggestions .
so the evolving report is usually put up on a web site and suggestions are invited from one and all--ngos , trade unions , and other organizations of civil society .
the evolving report is then generally presented on a website and all without exception ( ngos , trade unions and other civil society organisations ) are invited to make suggestions .
the evolving report is therefore generally presented on a website and all without exception ( ngos , trade unions and other civil society organisations ) are invited to make suggestions .

bien que la coalition actuellement au pouvoir , constituée de conservateurs et de populistes , ait remporté quelques succès , l&apos; heure de vérité de la droite n&apos; est pas encore arrivée .
although the current governing coalition , consisting of conservatives and populists , has been successful , the real reckoning for hungary &apos;s right may still be yet to come .
although the coalition currently in power , with conservative and populists , has won some success , the truth hour of the right has not yet come .
although the coalition currently in power of conservatives and populists has won a few successes , the time of truth of the right has not yet arrived .

pourtant , plutôt que de répondre aux exigences de ce front et de créer des relations bilatérales saines entre pays sur un même pied d&apos; égalité , la syrie a cherché à diviser l&apos; opposition pour réaffirmer son contrôle .
yet rather than address the front &apos;s demands and shape a healthy bilateral relationship between equal countries , syria has sought to divide the opposition and reassert control .
however , rather than responding to the demands of this front and creating sound bilateral relations between countries on an equal footing , syria has sought to divide the opposition to reaffirm its control .
however , rather than responding to the requirements of this front and to create sound bilateral relations between countries on the same footing , syria has sought to divide the opposition to reaffirm its control .

la conséquence est le paiement de gros bonus à ceux qui s&apos; engagent à nouveau , davantage d&apos; allocations et des coûts de recrutement plus élevés : une augmentation de 20 % rien qu&apos; entre 2003 et 2005 .
the result is large re-enlistment bonuses , improved benefits , and higher recruiting costs -- up 20 % just from 2003 to 2005 .
the consequence is the payment of large bonuses to those who once again commit themselves , more benefits and higher recruitment costs : an increase of 20 % than between 2003 and 2005 .
the result is the payment of big bank payments to those who are once again committed , more benefits and higher recruitment costs : an increase of 20 % than between 2003 and 2005 .

les programmes de financement limités dans le temps , les financements d&apos; entreprises publiques et le financement des exportations représentent certains moyens d&apos; approche pour cette mise en place , mais il en existe beaucoup d&apos; autres .
time-bound subsidy schemes , public venture funds , and export subsidization are some of the ways in which this approach can be implemented , but there are many others .
the limited funding programmes in time , public companies &apos; funding and export funding are some means of approach to this implementation , but there are many others .
the limited funding programmes in time , the funding of public companies and the financing of exports represent some means of approach for this implementation , but there are many others .

notre analyse commence avec les 500 milliards de dollars dont parle ouvertement le bureau budgétaire du congrès , ce qui reste dix fois supérieur à ce qu&apos; avait annoncé l&apos; administration quant au coût de la guerre .
our analysis starts with the $ 500 billion that the congressional budget office openly talks about , which is still ten times higher than what the administration said the war would cost .
our analysis begins with the usd 500 billion that the congress budget office openly talks about , which is still ten times higher than the administration has announced about the cost of war .
our analysis begins with the usd 500 billion that the congress &apos;s budget office openly talks about , which remains ten times higher than the administration announced on the cost of war .

en france , il stagne en raison de la force des conflits de répartition , de la trop forte division de la gauche et de l&apos; absence de vision économique et sociale de la droite .
in france , the debate has stalled altogether due to bitter distributive conflicts , deep division within the left , and the right &apos;s absence of an economic and social vision .
in france , it stakes because of the strength of conflicts of distribution , the over-division of the left and the lack of economic and social vision of the right .
in france , it is staggering because of the strength of conflicts of distribution , the too strong division of the left and the lack of economic and social vision of the right .

le troisième choc a été l&apos; euro . la monnaie européenne a provoqué une convergence rapide des taux d&apos; intérêt à long terme , qui dans certains pays ont atteint jusqu&apos; à 5 à 7 points de pourcentage de plus qu&apos; en allemagne .
the third shock was the euro , which has induced a rapid convergence of long-term interest rates , which in some countries had been five to seven percentage points above the german level .
the third shock has been the euro , and the european currency has brought about rapid convergence of long-term interest rates , which in some countries have reached up to 5 to 7 percentage points more than in germany .
the third shock has been the euro ; the european currency has resulted in rapid convergence of long-term interest rates , which in some countries have reached up to 5 to 7 of more percentage points than in germany .

des négociations futures devront aborder la question des dernières frontières entre israël et la palestine , du destin de 200 000 colons juifs de cisjordanie , du statut de jérusalem et du problème des réfugiés palestiniens de 1947-48 .
future negotiations will have to deal with the ultimate borders between israel and palestine , the fate of 200,000 jewish settlers in the west bank , the status of jerusalem , and with the problem of the 1947-48 palestinian refugees .
future negotiations will have to address the issue of the last borders between israel and palestine , the fate of 200 000 jews from the west bank , the status of jerusalem and the problem of palestinian refugees in 1947-48 .
future negotiations will have to address the issue of the last borders between israel and palestine , the fate of 200 000 jews in the west bank , the status of jerusalem and the problem of palestinian refugees from 19448 .

ainsi , lorsque nous cherchons des solutions à certains des problèmes mondiaux les plus difficiles , nous pouvons aussi les trouver , du moins en partie , dans les nouvelles technologies susceptibles de résoudre de vieux problèmes apparemment insolubles .
thus , when we seek solutions to some of the world &apos;s toughest problems , they , too , are likely to be found , at least in part , in new technologies that can resolve old and seemingly intractable problems .
in this way , when we seek solutions to some of the most difficult global problems , we can also find them , at least in part , in the new technologies that may solve old , apparently unsolved problems .
in this way , when we seek solutions to some of the most difficult global problems , we can also find them , at least partly , in the new technologies that may solve old , apparently inconceivable problems .

le taux de croissance à londres et new york s&apos; est fortement ralenti au cours de l&apos; année passée , et est tombé à 1 % environ d&apos; une augmentation réelle lors du second trimestre de 2004 .
the rate of price growth in london and new york slowed sharply over the past year , to only about a 1 % real increase in the second quarter of 2004 .
the growth rate in london and new york has been significantly slowed down over the past year and has fallen to approximately 1 % by a real increase in the second quarter of 2004 .
the growth rate in london and new york has been very slow over the past year , and has fallen to approximately 1 % of a real increase in the second quarter of 2004 .

les revenus annuels moyens par tête se situent aujourd&apos; hui à environ 30.600 € aux etats-unis , au japon et en europe occidentale et à moins de 4600 € pour la moitié la plus pauvre du globe .
average annual per capita incomes in the us , japan , and western europe are currently around $ 40,000 , and less than $ 6,000 for the poorer half of the world &apos;s population .
at present , the annual income per head is around 3600 medicine in the united states , japan and western europe and less than 4600 - half the poorest in the world .
at the moment , the annual income per head is around 33600 ideas in the united states , japan and western europe and less than 4600 per cent of the poorest world .

plusieurs pays essayent maintenant de faciliter l&apos; accès à l&apos; enseignement secondaire , notamment grâce à des &amp; quot ; programmes conditionnels de transferts &amp; quot ; qui permettent de distribuer des allocations aux familles pauvres dont les enfants vont régulièrement à l&apos; école .
several countries now facilitate access to secondary schooling , in particular through &quot; conditional cash transfer programs , &quot; which offer a stipend to poor families whose children regularly attend school .
a number of countries are now trying to facilitate access to secondary education , not least by means of some of the programmes that are conditional on transfers or transfers , which allow benefits to be distributed to poor families whose children regularly go to school .
a number of countries are now trying to facilitate access to secondary education , particularly thanks to the rest of them ; conditional transfer programmes , which allow for the distribution of benefits to poor families whose children are regularly going to school .

les responsables politiques , notamment jacques chirac en france , silvio berlusconi en italie et l&apos; ecofin ( les ministres des finances des états membres de l&apos; union européenne ) , continuent de réclamer des taux fixes , et même des taux toujours plus bas .
politicians -- like jacques chirac in france , silvio berlusconi in italy , and ecofin ( the finance ministers of the european union &apos;s member states ) -- continue to press for fixed , even lower , interest rates .
politicians , including jacques chirac in france , silvio berlusconi in italy and ecofin ( the finance ministers of the member states of the european union ) , continue to call for fixed rates and even ever lower rates .
politicians , particularly jacques chirac in france , silvio berlusconi in italy and ecofin ( the finance ministers of the member states of the european union ) continue to demand fixed rates , and even ever lower rates .

a calcutta , lorsqu&apos; un gamin plus jeune se présentait et insistait pour participer au jeu auquel jouaient mes amis , nous le laissions entrer , mais seulement après avoir chuchoté dans l&apos; oreille de l&apos; autre les mots
in calcutta , when some younger kid came along and insisted on joining the game my friends were playing , we would let the new kid in , but only after whispering into each other &apos;s ears the words ,
when a more young gamin was and insisted on taking part in the game to which my friends were playing , we would leave it , but only after we had collapsed in the other words .
when a young gamta was held and emphasised to participate in the game to which my friends were playing it , we leave it , but only after having dismissed the words on the other hand .

ils constituent notamment un problème dans les pays en développement qui connaissent une explosion démographique de plus en plus forte , l&apos; équivalent du &amp; quot ; baby boom &amp; quot ; en occident à la fin de la deuxième guerre mondiale .
they pose a particular challenge in the developing world , where a demographic bulge equal to the great &quot; baby boom &quot; that occurred in the west at the end of world war ii is growing .
they are , in particular , a problem in developing countries that are experiencing an increasingly strong demographic explosion , the equivalent of the bag ; boom boom ; in the west at the end of the second world war .
in particular , they are a problem in developing countries that are experiencing an ever stronger demographic explosion , the equivalent of the peru ; boom &amp; d ; in the west at the end of the second world war .

certains chefs d&apos; orchestre , refusant de manier la sébile en même temps que la baguette , ont refusé des postes importants aux états-unis pour cette raison , estimant que cela viendrait contrarier leur art .
some conductors , not wanting to carry a tin cup as they wave their batons , have rejected important posts in the us for this reason , feeling that it would interfere with their art .
at the same time as the ugp , some of the heads of office , refusing to deny the earthquake , refused important posts in the united states for this reason , in the belief that this would undermine their art .
at the same time , there have been important posts in the united states for this reason , who believe that it would be detrimental to their art .

etant donné le long délai entre la préparation des projets et les premiers avantages des réductions des émissions , les développeurs de projets n&apos; ont que quelques années devant eux pour agir avant que les paiements du carbone ne cessent d&apos; apporter une contribution significative au financement des projets dans le contexte actuel .
given the long lead time between project preparation and the first benefits of emissions reductions , project developers have only a few years to act before carbon payments cease to make a meaningful contribution to project finance in the current context .
given the long period between preparing projects and the first benefits of emissions reductions , projects have only a few years before they act before carbon payments continue to make a significant contribution to the funding of projects in the current context .
given the long period between the preparation of projects and the first benefits of emissions reductions , projects have only a few years before them to act before carbon payments stop making a significant contribution to the financing of projects in the current context .

tout comme pour la crainte du terrorisme et le manque de confiance dans les marchés boursiers , la célébrité géographique semble élastique pour ne pas dire autorenforcée : plus new york , paris et londres sont célèbres , plus elles se montrent séduisantes .
as with fear of terrorism and suspicion of equities , geographical celebrity appears resilient , if not self-reinforcing : the more famous new york , paris , and london get , the more glamorous they become .
as well as the fear of terrorism and the lack of confidence in the stock markets , geographical celebration seems to be elastic in order not to say that more new york , paris and london are known , the more attractive they are .
as well as the fear of terrorism and the lack of confidence in the boursiers markets , geographical celebration seems elastic , not to say that more new york , paris and london are famous , the more attractive they show .

en conséquence , il m&apos; a semblé pendant 20 ans que l&apos; équilibre sous-jacent de la politique en europe occidentale , -- négociations collectives et assurance sociale généreuse , d&apos; un côté , et politiques monétaires serrées de l&apos; autre , était condamné à se fissurer .
so , for 20 years it has seemed to me that western europe &apos;s underlying political equilibrium -- corporatist bargaining and ample social insurance , on the one hand , and tight monetary policies , on the other -- must crack .
as a result , it seemed to me for 20 years that the underlying balance of policy in western europe - collective negotiations and generous social insurance , on the one hand , and monetary policies on the other , was condemned to be crafted .
as a result , it seemed to me for 20 years that the underlying balance in western europe - collective and generous social insurance negotiations , on the one hand , on the one hand , and on the other &apos;s monetary policies , was sentenced to fearful .

si l&apos; on extrapole les tendances de la croissance , il semble raisonnable de prévoir que les prix continueront à croître de manière importante dans la plupart de ces villes pour un an ou deux encore , <unk> même si le taux de croissance continue de décliner .
based on extrapolation of growth trends , it looks safe to predict that prices will go up substantially in most of these places for another year or more , even as the rate of increase continues to decline .
if we extract growth trends , it seems reasonable to predict that prices will continue to grow significantly in most of these cities for one or two years , even if the growth rate continues to be reduced .
if we extract growth trends , it seems reasonable to ensure that prices will continue to grow significantly in most of these cities for a year or two , even if the rate of growth continues to be reduced .

l&apos; italie , quant à elle , devra décider si elle veut remplacer le premier ministre , silvio berlusconi , qui ne montre aucun intérêt envers les réformes et les affaires européennes , par romani prodi , homme prudent et ancien président de la commission européenne .
meanwhile , italy must decide whether it replaces prime minister silvio berlusconi , who displayed no interest in reform and european affairs , with the cautious romano prodi , the former european commission president .
italy , as far as it is concerned , will have to decide whether it wants to replace the prime minister , silvio berlusconi , who does not show any interest in the reforms and european affairs , by mr prodi , mr prodi and the former president of the european commission .
italy , as far as it is concerned , will have to decide whether it wants to replace the prime minister , silvio berlusconi , who does not show any interest in the reforms and european affairs , by mr prodi , mr prodi , mr prodi and former president of the european commission .

mais , ã <unk> tant donnã <unk> la dã <unk> tresse ã <unk> conomique de l&apos; allemagne , qui devrait s&apos; aggraver suite aux problã <unk> mes dã <unk> mographiques du pays , les dã <unk> mocrates sociaux sont dã <unk> <unk> condamnã <unk> s ã abandonner la crã <unk> ation de richesses au profit de leur redistribution .
but , given germany &apos;s economic distress , which looks likely to worsen given the country &apos;s demographic problems , the social democrats are now condemned to give wealth creation priority over redistribution .
but , as a result of this , mr president of the european parliament , who is so keen to put forward the proteins of the &apos; dmocrats &apos; of the country , the new social democrats are being given the proteins of the proteins who are protracted to give up the creations of wealth for the benefit of their redistribution .
but , as a result , so long as we have heard , there is a need to have a great deal of support for the intervention that has been brought forward by germany , which should become worse as a result of the enquiries of the country , which will have to be used as a result of the mighty of the country , which will have to act as a result of the mightion of the rearing of the country .

les habitants de shanghai ne débattent peut-être pas des prix de l&apos; immobilier à londres , mais les leaders de l&apos; opinion publique de shanghai savent ce qui se passent à londres , et tout boom se produisant dans cette ville rend la possibilité d&apos; un boom à shanghai plausible .
people in shanghai may not talk about london home prices , but shanghai &apos;s opinion leaders know what is happening in london , and the boom there makes it seem plausible that there should be a boom in shanghai , too .
the inhabitants of shanghai may not be discussing the price of property in london , but the leaders of the public opinion in shanghai know what happens in london , and any boom in that city makes it possible for me to be boom in shanghai .
perhaps the inhabitants of shanghai do not discuss the prices of property in london , but the leaders of the shanghai public know what is going on in london , and any boom in that city makes it possible to boom in shanghai .

le pacte de stabilité et de croissance avait pour but de maintenir la dette des pays du sud de l&apos; europe à de bas niveaux , maintenant ainsi les taux d&apos; intérêt suffisamment bas pour rassurer les investisseurs sur le fait que l&apos; endettement national ne serait jamais laissé à la hausse au point de générer une pression inflationniste sérieuse .
the stability and growth pact was intended to keep the public debts of southern europe low , and thus keep interest rates low by reassuring investors that national debts would never be allowed to rise high enough to generate serious inflationary pressures .
the aim of the stability and growth pact was to maintain the debt of the countries of southern europe at low levels , now the low interest rates to reassure investors that national debt would never be allowed to increase the development of serious inflationary pressure .
the aim of the stability and growth pact was to maintain the debt of the countries of the south of europe at low levels , thus maintaining the low interest rates to reassure investors that national debt would never be allowed to rise to the point of creating serious inflationary pressure .

on peut supposer que comme le gouvernement n&apos; a ni réduit d&apos; autres dépenses , ni augmenté les impôts , ces dépenses ont été financées par la dette , et le coût des intérêts de cette dette ajoute de 98 autres milliards de dollars ( estimation modeste ) à 385 milliards de dollars ( modérée ) aux coûts budgétaires .
arguably , since the government has not reined in other expenditures or increased taxes , the expenditures have been debt financed , and the interest costs on this debt add another $ 98 billion ( conservative ) to $ 385 billion ( moderate ) to the budgetary costs .
it is possible to assume that , as the government has not reduced any other expenditure , or increased taxes , these expenditure has been financed by debt , and the cost of the debt added to other usd 98 billion ( modest estimates ) to usd 385 billion ( moderate ) to budgetary costs .
we can assume that , as the government has not reduced other expenditure or increased taxes , these expenditure has been financed by debt , and the cost of the debt added from other usd 98 billion ( modest estimate ) to eur 385 billion ( moderate billion ) to budgetary costs .

décents , réfléchis et bourrés de principes , les millions d&apos; individus qui ont manifesté contre la résolution de demander des comptes à l&apos; irak étaient catalysés par l&apos; idée que seul le conseil de sécurité de l&apos; onu disposait de l&apos; autorité nécessaire pour légitimer le recours à la force .
decent , thoughtful , high-minded , the millions who marched against holding iraq to account were catalyzed by the idea that only the un security council has the authority to legitimize the resort to force .
the millions of individuals who have demonstrated against the resolution to call for accounts for iraq were a catalyst for the idea that the un security council had the necessary authority to legitimise the use of force by the un security council .
the millions of people who demonstrated against the resolution of iraq were catalyst by the idea that the un security council alone had the necessary authority to legitimise the necessary authority to legitimise the use of force .

la nécessité de contester les arguments défavorables à l&apos; adhésion de la turquie fait que ses avantages sont rarement évoqués : une position géopolitique unique au carrefour des balkans , du sud du caucase , de l&apos; asie centrale et du moyen-orient - des régions d&apos; une importance vitale pour la sécurité de l&apos; europe - ; un pays de transit majeur pour l&apos; approvisionnement énergétique ; des capacités militaires , au moment où l&apos; ue est en train de mettre au point sa nouvelle politique européenne de défense ; et un fort potentiel économique , avec une main d &apos; ? uvre jeune et dynamique .
the need to refute arguments against turkey &apos;s admission to the eu leaves the advantages rarely mentioned : its unique geopolitical position at the crossroads of the balkans , southern caucasus , central asia , and the middle east - vitally important regions for europe &apos;s security ; its role as mayor transit country for energy supplies ; its military capabilities at a time when the eu is developing its new european defense policy ; and the great potential of the turkish economy , with its young and dynamic labor force .
the need to challenge the arguments against turkey &apos;s accession is that its advantages are rarely mentioned : a unique geopolitical position at the crossroads , the southern caucasus , central asia and the middle east - regions of vital importance to europe &apos; s security - a country of major transit for energy supply ; military capabilities , at a time when the eu is developing its new european defence policy ; and a strong economic potential , with young and dynamic implementation .
the need to deny the arguments against turkey &apos;s accession is that its advantages are rarely mentioned : a unique geopolitical position in the carour of the balkans , the south caucasus , central asia and the middle east - regions of vital importance for the security of europe - a major transit country for energy supply ; military capabilities , at a time when the eu is developing its new european defence policy ; and a strong economic potential , with a young and dynamic workforce .

les conditions des échanges commerciaux internationaux des pays en développement se sont dégradées : le prix des produits de base ont décliné par rapport aux produits manufacturés , tout comme les prix des produits agricoles tropicaux par rapport aux prix des produits agricoles issus de pays tempérés , et les prix des produits génériques sont tombés en conséquence de la production protégée par les lois sur la propriété intellectuelle .
developing countries &apos; international terms of trade have worsened : prices of primary commodities have declined in relation to manufactures , as have tropical agriculture prices against temperate agriculture , and prices of generic manufactures have fallen relative to output protected by intellectual property rights .
the conditions for international trade in developing countries have deteriorated : the price of basic products has declined in relation to manufacturing products , as have the price of tropical agricultural products compared to the prices of agricultural products from tempting countries , and generic prices have fallen as a result of protected production by intellectual property laws .
the conditions for international trade in developing countries have deteriorated : the basic price of products has been reduced by manufacturing products , as did the price of tropical agricultural products in relation to the price of tropical agricultural products in relation to the price compared to the price of the price of agricultural products from the price of herds from the countries of tempting , and the prices of generic products have fallen as a result of the production of intellectual property by intellectual property laws .

