das sind offenkundig diffizile fragen .
these are obviously knotty questions .
these are obvious questions .
these are obviously complex issues .

schluss mit der euro-bevormundung
down with euro-paternalism
finally , with the euro exchange .
conclusion with the euro .

wird die eu zur türkei stehen ?
will the eu keep faith with turkey ?
will the eu stand up to turkey ?
will the eu stand up to turkey ?

das problem ist enorm groß .
the magnitude of the problem is huge .
the problem is enormous .
the problem is enormous .

welten voneinander entfernt
worlds apart
the world has been removed from the world .
each other &apos;s space was removed from each other .

mit dem beweis für den zweiten kriegsgrund wird es schon schwieriger .
the second claim will be trickier to prove .
the proof of the second reason for war is already becoming more difficult .
the proof of the second war is already more difficult .

der 11. märz ist nun europas version des 11. september in amerika .
march 11 is now europe &apos;s version of september 11 in america .
11 march now is europe &apos;s version of 11 september in america .
11 march is now europe &apos;s version of 11 september in america .

die soziale agenda ist von der technologischen agenda nicht zu trennen .
the social agenda and the technology agenda are not independent of each other .
the social agenda is not separate from the technological agenda .
the social agenda is not separate from the technological agenda .

die frage der menschenrechte war allerdings eine ganz andere geschichte .
but human rights were another matter entirely .
however , the issue of human rights was a very different story .
however , the question of human rights was a very different story .

was ist das westliche modell demokratischer entwicklung wirklich wert ?
what is the western model of democratic development really worth ?
what is really worth the western model of democratic development ?
what is the western model of democratic development really worth ?

· institutionen zum aufbau von märkten ( garantie von eigentumsrechten und vertragstreue ) ;
market-creating institutions ( for property rights and contract enforcement ) ;
fourthly , institutions for the construction of markets ( guarantee of property rights and contract ) ;
for the construction of markets ( guarantee of property rights and contracts ) ;

dabei geht es nicht um ein nostalgisches nachleben vergangenen ruhms .
this is not nostalgia for past glory .
this is not about a noteworthy life of ruhms .
this is not about a noble life of last ruhms .

seit ende des kalten krieges ist amerika die alleinige supermacht der welt .
since the cold war &apos;s end , america is the world &apos;s sole superpower .
since the end of the cold war , america is the only superpower of the world .
since the end of the cold war , america is the only superpower of the world .

sollten sich beweise für die vier kriegsgründe finden , könnte sich das ändern .
this would change if evidence on the four points is mustered .
if evidence is to be found for the four war reasons , this could change .
evidence should be found for the four war reasons , could change this .

gewiss hat die welt auf einigen gebieten in den vergangenen jahrzehnten fortschritte gesehen .
to be sure , the world has seen progress on some fronts in recent decades .
certainly , the world has seen progress in some areas in recent decades .
the world has certainly seen progress in some areas in recent decades .

es ist zeit , sich über das neue , sich herausbildende konfliktmodell klar zu werden .
it is time to understand the new , emerging model of conflict .
it is time to become clear about the new conflict model that is emerging .
it is time to become clear about the new , emerging conflict model .

aber dennoch ist sein bestehen auf die unantastbarkeit der aktuellen verfassung heuchlerisch .
but chávez &apos;s insistence on the inviolability of the current constitution is hypocritical .
however , however , its existence is hypocritical on the inviolability of the current constitution .
however , the current constitution is , however , hypocritical .

heute nimmt jedoch die bedeutung der westfälischen ordnung und der staatsgrenzen als solches ab .
but today it is the westphalian order that is in decline , along with the significance of state borders .
today , however , the importance of the western order and the national borders is regarded as such .
today , however , the importance of the western order and of state borders is taking place as such .

strukturreformen und privatisierung haben sich verlangsamt und haben das vertrauen der investoren schwinden lassen .
structural reform and privatization have slowed , eroding investors &apos; confidence .
structural reforms and privatisation have slowed down and have led to the confidence of investors .
structural reforms and privatisation have slowed down and have left the trust of investors .

in den meisten asiatischen ländern müssen die formalen regeln vereinfacht und ehrlicher angewendet werden .
in most asian countries , formal rules need to be simplified and applied more fairly .
in most asian countries , the formal rules must be simplified and applied in a more honest way .
in most asian countries , formal rules need to be simplified and applied more honest .

nach jahrzehnten der machtlosigkeit erlangten die polen plötzlich wieder ihre fähigkeit zur selbstbestimmung .
after decades of disempowerment , poles suddenly regained their capacity for self-determination .
after decades of powerless power , poland suddenly relaunched its ability to self-determination .
after decades of powerless power , poland suddenly suddenly once again lost its ability to self-determination .

china ist zehn mal so groß wie japan , und schon die herausforderung durch japan war nicht leicht zu bewältigen .
china is ten times the size of japan , and japan was not easy to deal with , either .
china is ten times as great as japan , and the challenge of japan has not been easy to cope with .
china is ten times as great as japan , and the challenge of japan has not been easy .

· bürger und regierung müssen der arzneimittelsicherheit priorität einräumen und angemessene ressourcen für die lösung der probleme bereitstellen .
· citizens and government must make drug safety a priority and commit adequate resources to fixing the problems ;
the citizens and government must give priority to the safety of medicines and provide adequate resources for resolving the problems .
the citizens and government must give priority to medicines safety and provide adequate resources for resolving the problems .

deutschland kann sich eine verlangsamung oder - schlimmer noch - ein ende des reformprozesses nicht leisten .
germany cannot afford to slow down or , worse yet , stop the reform process .
germany cannot afford to slow down or , worse still , an end to the reform process .
germany cannot afford to slow down or , worse , to end the reform process .

es ist höchste zeit , dass sich die eu-institutionen den herausforderungen und chancen der erweiterung ernsthafter stellen .
it is high time that eu institutions address more seriously the challenges and opportunities posed by enlargement .
it is high time that the eu institutions face the challenges and opportunities of enlargement .
it is high time that the eu institutions face serious challenges and opportunities for enlargement .

mangels verhandlungen ist daher ein einseitiger rückzug der einzig sinnvolle schritt in richtung deeskalation und stabilisierung .
hence , in the absence of negotiations , a unilateral withdrawal is the only meaningful step towards de-escalation and stabilization .
the lack of negotiations is therefore a unilateral withdrawal of the only sensible step in the direction of escalation and stabilisation .
the lack of negotiations is therefore a unilateral withdrawal of the only sensible step towards decentralization and stabilisation .

vielmehr bilden diese beiden länder ein laboratorium , das benötigt wird , um das interne funktionieren der eu zu gewährleisten .
rather , the two countries form a laboratory needed for the internal working of the eu .
instead , these two countries are a laboratory in order to ensure the internal functioning of the eu .
on the contrary , these two countries are a laboratory that is needed to ensure the internal functioning of the eu .

präsident chávez muss auf der anderen seite seiner &quot; bolivarianischen revolution &quot; inhalt und bedeutung einimpfen .
president chávez will need to clarify the content and meaning of his &quot; bolivarian revolution . &quot;
president chávez must , on the other hand , take on the other side of his &apos; bolivia &apos; revolution &apos; and its importance .
president chávez , on the other hand , has to put its &apos; bolivia revolution &apos; content and importance .

für einige eu-finanzminister ist der stabilitäts-pakt noch immer der , , eckstein`<unk> der ewu .
some eu finance ministers still view the stability pact as the ``cornerstone &apos; &apos; of emu .
for some eu finance ministers , the stability pact is still the stability pact , the cornerstone of emu .
for some eu finance ministers , the stability pact is still the cornerstone of emu .

die ökonomen sprechen lieber über zinssätze oder arbeitslosigkeitsstatistiken - also über konkrete und gesicherte fakten .
economists would rather talk about interest rates or unemployment statistics - factors that are concrete and knowable .
the economists prefer to talk about interest rates or unemployment statistics - in other words about concrete and secure facts .
the economy would prefer to talk about interest rates or unemployment statistics - that is to say , about concrete and secure facts .

fragen wie ungleichheit , die verteilung des wohlstands und unsere ausbeutung der natürlichen welt werden sich als zunehmend bedeutsam erweisen .
issues linked to inequality , the distribution of wealth , and our exploitation of the natural world will become increasingly salient .
issues such as inequality , the distribution of prosperity and our exploitation of the natural world will prove increasingly important .
issues such as inequality , distribution of prosperity and our exploitation of the natural world will become increasingly important .

sechs jahre nach der intervention der nato scheint der kosovo also so weit von stabilität und sozialem frieden entfernt wie eh und je .
so , six years after nato &apos;s intervention , kosovo seems as far from stability and social peace as ever .
six years after nato intervention , kosovo seems to be so far from stability and social peace as eh and ever .
six years after nato intervention , kosovo seems to be a long way from stability and social peace like eh and ever .

die us federal reserve steht vor einem dilemma , denn sie muss angesichts einer hurrikanverheerten volkswirtschaft die zinsen weiter erhöhen .
the us federal reserve faces a dilemma , for it needs to continue raising interest rates in the face of a hurricane-devastated economy .
the us federal reserve is facing a dilemma , because it must continue to increase interest rates in the face of a hurricane economy .
the federal reserve is facing a dilemma , because it must continue to increase interest rates in the face of a hurricane economy .

in einigen fragen jedoch , wie etwa beim irakkrieg , sind die europäer nicht bereit , amerika blindlings zu folgen .
but on some issues , such as the iraq war , europeans are not all ready to follow america blindly .
however , in some questions , such as the war on iraq , europeans are not prepared to follow america blind .
however , in some questions , such as the war in iraq , europeans are not prepared to be blind to america .

aber die neuen mitgliedsländer in mittel- und osteuropa sind in der wirtschaftlichen , sozialen und kulturellen entwicklung unseres kontinents tief verwurzelt .
but the new member states in central and eastern europe are deeply embedded in the economic , social , and cultural development of our continent .
however , the new member states in central and eastern europe are deeply rooted in the economic , social and cultural development of our continent .
however , the new member states in central and eastern europe are deeply rooted in the economic , social and cultural development of our continent .

ebeneezer scrooges nächtlichen besuchern gelang es , ihn von seinen fehlern zu überzeugen .
ebeneezer scrooge &apos;s nocturnal visitors were able to convince him of the errors of his ways .
it has been long ago to convince him of his mistakes .
it has long been possible to convince him of his mistakes from his mistakes .

es bleibt zu hoffen , dass die befreundeten nationen dabei behilflich sein können , eine innovative lösung für die krise in venezuela zu finden .
it is to be hoped that the group of friendly nations can help design an innovative solution to venezuela &apos;s standoff .
it remains to be hoped that the friendly nations can help to find an innovative solution to the crisis in venezuela .
it remains to be hoped that the friendly nations can help to find an innovative solution to the crisis in venezuela .

gleichzeitig fördern unsere anstrengungen die demokratie in der ganzen welt - vor dem hintergrund der nüchternen erkenntnis , dass demokratien ihre meinungsverschiedenheiten friedlich lösen .
at the same time , our efforts to promote democracy worldwide serve us interests , owing to the hardheaded realization that democracies settle their differences peaceably .
at the same time , our efforts are promoting democracy throughout the world - in the light of the horror that democracies will resolve their differences of opinion peaceful .
at the same time , our efforts to promote democracy throughout the world - against the background of the terrible recognition that democracies will resolve their differences of opinion in a peaceful manner .

es verspricht , die verwaltung der finanzen von der der produktion abzukoppeln und impliziert schnellere innovationen und ein höheres wirtschaftswachstum .
it promises to decouple the management of finance from that of production , implying faster innovation and economic growth .
it says that the management of the financial management of the finances goes hand in hand with production and implies more rapid innovation and increased economic growth .
it talks about decoupling the management of the finances of production and means more rapid innovation and increased economic growth .

billige karten in bereich der darstellenden kunst sind allerdings keine lösung für das heikle problem des zugangs junger menschen zu klassischer musik .
but cheap prices for the performing arts do not solve the thorny problem of access for youth .
however , cheap cards in the art sector are not a solution to the sensitive problem of access to classic music for young people .
however , cheap cards are not a solution to the sensitive problem of the access of young people to classic music .

seit damals hilft uns die röntgenstrukturanalyse von eiweißmolekülen die chemie biologischer reaktionen zu verstehen .
since then , x-ray structural analysis of protein molecules has helped us to understand the chemistry of biological reactions .
since then , we have been helping us to understand the rent structural analysis of protein potatoes , the chemical reactions .
since then , we have been helping us to understand the chemical biological reactions to the cheque analysis of protein molees .

aber in den letzten zehn jahren haben lateinamerikanische politiker die präsidialsysteme flexibler gemacht , indem sie innovative wege fanden , unpopuläre präsidenten abzusetzen .
but over the last decade , latin american politicians have made presidential systems more flexible by finding innovative ways to remove unpopular presidents .
in the last ten years , however , latin american politicians have made the old government systems more flexible by using innovative ways of eliminating unpopular president .
however , in the last ten years , latin american politicians have made the old systems more flexible by making innovative ways of exiting unpopulist president .

die wirtschaftliche globalisierung hat die politische globalisierung allerdings überrundet ; die prozesse der entscheidungsfindung sind weit davon entfernt , demokratisch oder nur durchsichtig zu sein .
economic globalization has , however , outpaced political globalization ; the processes for decision making are far from democratic , or even transparent .
economic globalisation has , however , been overshadowed by political globalisation ; decision-making processes are far from being democratic or simply permissible .
economic globalisation has , however , overturned political globalisation ; the processes of decision-making are far from being democratic or only transparent .

die beitrittsländer haben die bestimmungen ihrerseits erfüllt und ein niveau der handelsintegration erreicht , das sogar jenes vieler gegenwärtiger eu-mitglieder übertrifft .
the accession countries have upheld their end of the bargain , achieving a degree of trade integration with eu countries that is even higher than many current members .
the candidate countries have , for their part , met the provisions and reached a level of trade integration , which even applies to many current eu members .
the candidate countries have fulfilled the provisions for their part and achieved a level of trade management , which is even the case of many existing eu members .

was wir benötigen , ist das richtige system von beginn an , so dass wir mit risiken , die mehrere generationen erfassen , entsprechend gut umgehen können .
what we need is the right system from the beginning , so that we can rationally manage risks that span several generations .
what we need is the right system from the outset , so that we can deal with the risks that several generations are able to deal with properly .
what we need is the right system from the start , so that we can deal properly with risks that several generations can identify .

demokratie setzt moralischen agnostizismus und die vielfalt von sinnbegriffen voraus , von denen keiner allen heilig oder für alle verpflichtend ist .
it presupposed moral agnosticism and a plurality of meanings , none of which are sacred or compulsory to all .
democracy requires moral sovereignty and diversity of ideas , none of which is binding or binding for all .
democracy requires moral charity and the diversity of ideas that are not all holy or compulsory for all .

die regelungen , die das verhalten von politikern bestimmen , dürfen nicht so verfasst werden , als ob unvoreingenommene , wohlwollende beamte sie anwenden müssten .
the rules that govern politicians &apos; behavior must not be written as if disinterested , well-intentioned public servants will apply them .
the rules governing the behaviour of politicians must not be drawn up in such a way as whether unvoid , well-founded officials should apply them .
the rules that determine the behaviour of politicians must not be written in such a way as to whether they should apply unbiased , well-founded officials .

vor vier jahren hat sich chávez mit einem volksentscheid der alten verfassung entledigt und sich eine neue verfassung auf den leib geschneidert .
four years ago , chávez deviated from the old constitution by using a plebiscite to engineer a new one , tailor-made for him .
four years ago , chávez was abducted with a referendum of the old constitution , and a new constitution was reduced to the suffering .
four years ago , chávez was dismissed with a referendum of the old constitution , and a new constitution on the suffering .

es ist ironisch , dass sich die kandidatenländer von der ezb und der europäischen kommission über den ausgleich zwischen nomineller und realer konvergenz belehren lassen müssen .
it is ironic that the candidate countries are being lectured to by officials at the ecb and the european commission on the trade-off between nominal and real convergence .
it is ironic that the candidate countries from the ecb and the european commission must demonstrate the balance between nominal and reconvergence .
it is ironic that the candidate countries must show themselves from the ecb and the european commission about the balance between nominal and reconvergence .

kurzum , es besteht die möglichkeit , dass auch wir in unserer &quot; moderaten &quot; schätzung die kosten für das amerikanische engagement im irak signifikant unterbewerten .
in short , even our &quot; moderate &quot; estimate may significantly underestimate the cost of america &apos;s involvement in iraq .
in short , there is the possibility that , in our &apos; modern &apos; assessment , we also assess the cost of american commitment in iraq significantly .
in short , there is an opportunity for us to assess the costs of american commitment in iraq , even in our &apos; moderate &apos; .

in abwesenheit einer glaubwürdigen linken demokratischen partei gewannen die tschechischen mitte-rechts-politiker die oberhand und waren bis 1997 auch relativ geeint .
in the absence of a credible democratic left party , czech center-right politicians had the upper hand , and were relatively united , until 1997 .
in the absence of a credible left of democratic party , the czech centre-right politicians were the upper hand and were relatively united by 1997 .
in the absence of a credible left-wing democratic party , the czech political leaders were the top hand and were relatively united by 1997 .

normalerweise würde ein us-verteidigungsprojekt , das noch in den kinderschuhen steckt , nicht zu einer solchen aufregung führen , wie es bei nmd der fall ist .
normally , a us defense project in its infancy would not cause the excitement nmd generates .
normally , a us defence project , which is still in the child &apos;s shores , would not lead to such a recovery , as is the case with nmd .
normally , a us defence project , which is still in the footwear of children , would not lead to such a regulation , as is the case with nmd .

und obwohl die liberalisierung des agrarhandels die exporteinnahmen einiger armer länder unter umständen steigert , werden die wohlhabenderen landwirtschaftsexporteure die größten nutznießer sein .
and , while agricultural trade liberalization may enhance export earnings for some poor countries , the main beneficiaries will be the more well-to-do agricultural exporters .
despite the fact that the liberalisation of agricultural trade increases the export revenue of some poor countries under circumstances , the wealthy agricultural exporters will be the largest beneficiaries .
even though the liberalisation of agricultural trade increases the export revenue of some poor countries under circumstances , the wealthy agricultural exporters will be the largest beneficiaries .

die anschläge von madrid , london und bali -- ebenso wie mehrere in den vereinigten staaten und großbritannien vereitelte operationen -- waren alle durch ihre dezentrale organisation gekennzeichnet .
the madrid , london , and bali attacks , as well as several thwarted operations in the united states and britain , were all characterized by their dispersed organization .
the attacks of madrid , london and bali - just as many in the united states and the united kingdom - were all marked by their decentralised organisation .
the attacks of madrid , london and bali - just as several operations in the united states and the united states - were all characterised by their decentralised organisation .

die bank konzentriert sich darauf , die interessen der kreditnehmer zu vertreten und ihnen dabei zu helfen , im einklang mit deren eigenen prioritäten , assets für den emissionshandel zu entwickeln .
the bank is focused on representing the interests of its borrowing countries , helping them to develop assets for carbon trading according to their own priorities .
the bank is focused on representing the interests of credit users and helping them to develop their own priorities , in line with their own priorities , for emissions trading .
the bank focuses on representing the interests of credit users and helping them to develop their own priorities for emissions trading in accordance with their own priorities .

überdies war ein teil der schulden während der krise in den jahren 1997 und 1998 angefallen , die sich aufgrund der vom iwf aufgezwungen maßnahmen noch verschlimmert und vertiefte .
moreover , some of the debt was incurred as part of the 1997-1998 crisis , which was aggravated and deepened by imf-imposed policies .
moreover , a part of the debt during the 1997 and 1998 crisis has been in force , which is even worse and deeper because of the measures imposed by the imf .
moreover , a part of the debt during the crisis in 1997 and 1998 , which , as a result of the action taken by the imf , has been tightened up and tightened .

europa hat keine mühe , die gefahren des unilateralismus in amerikas vorgehen auf allen gebieten , vom aussteigen aus dem kioto prozess bis zur weigerung , dem internationale strafgerichtshof beizutreten , zu erkennen .
europe has no trouble seeing the dangers of unilateralism in america &apos;s actions , in everything from abandoning kyoto to its refusal to join the international criminal court .
europe has no trouble to recognise the dangers of unilateral alism in america in all areas , from the kioto process to refuse to join the international criminal court .
europe has no difficulty in recognising the dangers of unilateral behaviour in america in all areas , from the kioto process to the refusal to join the international criminal court .

das dünn besiedelte australien bot mehr als doppelt so viel an hilfe , japan beinahe um 50 % mehr und europa sagte gleich mehr als fünfmal so viele gelder zu wie amerika .
lightly populated australia offered more than twice america &apos;s assistance , japan promised almost 50 % more , and europe pledged more than five times as much .
australia gave more than twice as much aid , japan almost 50 % more and europe said more than five times as many money as america .
the fertiliser of australia has made more than twice as much aid to japan , almost 50 % more and more europe said more than five times as many money as america .

jetzt liegt es an bush und blair dafür den nachweis zu erbringen und zwar auch angesichts des weltweiten verdachts , dass die geheimdienste der usa und großbritanniens eventuell getürkte beweise vorbringen .
it is incumbent upon bush and blair to prove their case , and to prove it in the face of worldwide suspicion that the us and uk security agencies might plant phony evidence .
it is now up to bush and blair to demonstrate that , in the light of the world , the secret services of the united states and the united kingdom may make evidence .
it is now up to bush and blair to provide evidence of this , even in view of the worldwide law , that the secret services of the united states and britain may provide evidence of turkey .

sollte es für massenvernichtungswaffen in großem stil keine beweise geben , dann hätten es bush und blair verdient , politisch erledigt zu sein und zwar unabhängig davon , was sonst noch im irak geschieht .
if no evidence of such weapons is produced , then both bush and blair deserve to be finished politically , no matter what else happens in iraq .
if there should be no evidence for weapons of mass destruction in a great deal of mass destruction , then bush and blair should have been able to be politically completed , regardless of what happens otherwise in iraq .
there should be no evidence for weapons of mass destruction in great sticks , then there would have been bush and blair to be politically done , regardless of what is happening in iraq otherwise .

oppositionsgruppen im libanon wie hariri-anhänger beschuldigten das regime des syrischen präsidenten baschar assad , für die tötung hariris verantwortlich zu sein .
opposition groups in lebanon , as well as hariri supporters , openly accused syrian president bashar assad &apos;s regime of being responsible for the killing .
opposition groups in lebanon , such as hariri-supporters , accused the regime of the syrian president bashar assad , to be responsible for the killing of hariris .
opposition groups in lebanon , such as hariric supporters , accused the regime of the syrian president bashassar assad , to be responsible for the killing of hariris .

doch in der neuen globalisierten welt herrschen wirtschaftlich größere wechselseitige abhängigkeiten , die mehr gemeinsames handeln , allgemeingültige regeln und gemeinsame institutionen verlangen und eine internationale rechtsverbindlichkeit .
but in the new world of globalization , there is greater economic interdependence , which requires more collective action , rules and institutions , and an international rule of law .
however , in the new globalised world , there are more economic interdependence , which requires more joint action , general rules and common institutions and international legal obligations .
however , in the new globalised world , economic interdependence exists , which requires more common action , general rules and common institutions and requires international legal obligations .

die terrorangriffe vom 11. september 2001 in den vereinigten staaten haben angeblich alles verändert - nicht nur die internationalen beziehungen , sondern auch das gleichgewicht zwischen rechten und pflichten , das wir so lange als selbstverständlich ansahen .
the september 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in the united states allegedly changed everything - not only international relations , but the balance between rights and obligations that we long took for granted .
the terrorist attacks of 11 september 2001 in the united states have supposedly changed everything - not only international relations , but also the balance between rights and duties that we have seen for so long .
the terrorist attacks of 11 september 2001 in the united states have allegedly changed everything - not only international relations , but also the balance between rights and obligations that we saw as long as possible .

das ergebnis dieser bemühungen war das fixe , aber dennoch anpassungsfähige wechselkurssystem von bretton woods , das sich mit der zeit zum system der variablen wechselkurse der achtziger jahre entwickelte .
the result was the fixed-but-adjustable exchange rate system of bretton woods , which over time mutated into the floating-rate system of the 1980s .
the result of these efforts was the fixe but , nevertheless , the adjustment exchange rate system of brevalries , which was developed at the time with the system of variable exchange rates of the 1980s .
the outcome of these efforts was the fixe , but nevertheless the adaptable exchange rate system , which was developed with the time for the system of variable exchange rates of the 1980s .

als die kommunistischen regimes 1989 zerfielen , verwandelten sich die kommunistischen parteien polens und ungarns in glaubwürdige parteien der demokratischen linken , die eine starke opposition für die neu entstehende politische rechte waren .
when the communist regimes collapsed in 1989 , the communist parties of poland and hungary transformed themselves into credible democratic-left parties that became formidable opponents of the newly emerging political right .
as the communist regime in 1989 , the communist parties of poland and hungary were in credible parties of the democratic left who were a strong opposition to the new political rights .
as the communist regime in 1989 , the communist parties of poland and hungarian were in credible parties of the democratic left , who were a strong opposition to the new political rights .

wie herbert hoover bezeugen könnte , riskieren wir , wenn wir nur die wirtschaftspolitischen probleme der generation vor uns sehen , die bedrohungen zu übersehen , die sich unmittelbar vor unseren augen auftun .
as herbert hoover could attest , when we see only the economic policy problems of a generation ago , we risk missing the hazards that lie directly in front of our eyes .
if we look at the economic problems of the generation of the generation , we could risk the threats that are directly facing our eyes , such as herbert hosts .
like herbert hoshed , we could risk , if we look at the economic problems of the generation before us , ignoring the threats that are directly facing our eyes .

in verschiedenen untersuchungen bezeichnet sich ein großteil der zentraleuropäischen wählerschaft als &quot; rechtsgerichtet &quot; , aber die vielen jahre des kommunistischen paternalismus haben den politischen schwerpunkt der region stark nach links verschoben .
in various surveys , significant segments of central european electorates describe themselves as ``rightist , &apos; &apos; but years of communist paternalism pushed the region &apos;s political center of gravity firmly to the left .
in various studies , a large part of the central european electorate is described as a &apos; legal &apos; , but the many years of communist paternalism have deferred the political focus of the region very strongly .
in various investigations , a large majority of the central european electorate referred to as a &apos; legal &apos; , but the many years of communist paternalism have severely postponed the political focus of the region to the left .

das ist vor allem für indonesien von bedeutung , das schulden in der höhe von 132 milliarden dollar zu bedienen hat ( wovon 70 milliarden dollar staatlichen gläubigern geschuldet werden oder für die von regierungsstellen garantien übernommen wurden ) .
this is especially important for indonesia , which must service a debt of $ 132 billion ( of which $ 70 billion is owed to public creditors or guaranteed by government agencies ) .
this is particularly important for indonesia , in particular , to use the debt of 132 billion dollars ( of which 70 billion dollars are trained by state creditors or for the guarantees of government bodies ) .
this is particularly important for indonesia , in particular , to use the debt of usd 132 billion ( of which 70 billion dollars of state creditors are paid or accepted for the guarantees of government offices ) .

die plötzliche kernschmelze anscheinend gesunder volkswirtschaften rief wieder nachdrücklich in erinnerung , dass eine starke liquidität an devisen nicht den anstoß in richtung auf die volle konvertierbarkeit der währung geben solle .
the sudden meltdown of apparently healthy economies served as a stark reminder that strong external liquidity should not be the driving force towards full convertibility .
it seems to be clear that the sudden nuclear melting of healthy economies seems to me to remind you that a strong liquidity of decentralized visas should not give the impetus to the full consumption of the currency .
once again , the sudden nuclear melting seems to be a strong reminder of the fact that a strong liquidity on devises should not give the impetus to the full consumption of the currency .

die anziehungskraft , die die herausragende stellung der usa im ausland genießt , beruht auch auf der attraktivität der politischen institutionen , der gesellschaft und kultur sowie auf der bereitschaft , für menschenrechte und demokratie einzustehen .
the appeal of us leadership abroad rests in part on the attractiveness of america &apos;s political institutions , society , and culture , and its willingness to champion human rights and democracy .
it is also based on the attractiveness of the political institutions , society and culture , and on the willingness to bring about human rights and democracy .
it is also based on the attractive attractiveness of the political institutions , society and culture , as well as on the willingness to stand up for human rights and democracy .

die franzosen haben die europäische verfassung vor allem deshalb abgelehnt -- so scheint es wenigstens -- , weil befürchtet wurde , dass die weitere europäische integration zwingend die gewaltigen kosten und schwierigkeiten des neoliberalismus mit sich bringe .
the french rejected the european union constitution , primarily -- or so it appears -- because further european integration , it is feared , must bring in its wake the huge costs and disruptions of neo-liberalism .
the french people have rejected the european constitution in particular - it seems at least - because it was feared that further european integration is imperative that the huge costs and difficulties of neo-liberalism are being faced with .
the french people rejected the european constitution in particular - it seems to me at least - because it was feared that further european integration is forced to pay the huge costs and difficulties of neo-liberalism .

experten mögen darüber streiten , ob die maßnahme verfrüht war , doch niemand stimmt den vielen politikern zu , die behaupten , dass die winzige erhöhung die zaghafte erholung des wirtschaftswachstums aus der bahn werfe .
experts can disagree about whether the move was premature , but no one agrees with the many political leaders who have argued that the tiny hike will derail the timid resumption of economic growth .
experts may argue about whether the measure was premature , but no one agrees with the many politicians who claim that the increase in economic growth is falling from the railways .
experts may argue about whether the measure was premature , but no one agrees with the many politicians who claim that the tiny increase would increase the economic recovery from the railways .

traditionell bringen die sozialen demokratien europas knappe güter und dienstleistungen wie konzerte und opern weniger durch zahlungsbereitschaft als vielmehr durch die förderung des schlangestehens am kartenschalter unter die leute , da die preise mittels enormer subventionen niedrig gehalten werden .
traditionally , europe &apos;s social democracies have preferred allocating scarce goods and services like concerts and operas by queues ( financed by huge subsidies to keep prices low ) rather than by willingness to pay .
traditionally , the social democracies of europe have a scarcity of goods and services such as concert and opers , rather than by promoting the cargo age of the carroman age , because prices are kept low by huge subsidies .
traditionally , the social democracies of europe are bringing down scarce goods and services such as concessions and opts less by the willingness to pay , rather than by promoting the sophistication of the career age among people , because prices are kept by huge subsidies .

seit ende 2002 sehen sich schrã <unk> der und die spd in der ã <unk> ffentlichen meinung ungewã <unk> hnlich niedrigen zustimmungsraten ausgesetzt - und das dã ¼ rfte sich so schnell nicht ã <unk> ndern .
since the end of 2002 , schröder and the spd have been facing unusually low public approval ratings - and this pattern is not likely to change soon .
since the end of 2002 , it has been seen as a matter of diligence and the spd in the crystal opinion , which has been discredited in the event of a lack of consent , and the drrd has not been able to act as quickly as possible .
since the end of 2002 , there has been a great deal of concern for the development of the pact and the spd in the armies of the inspiritous opinion of low support rates - and the preparedness of the premise of the world , which is so quickly not a matter of violence .

wenn wir staaten ignorieren , die versagen , so tun wir dies auf unsere eigene gefahr hin , weil anarchie ein nährboden für extremistische ideologien sein kann und eine zufluchtsstätte für terroristen , kriminelle und drogenhändler sein kann .
we ignore failing states at our peril , because anarchy creates an environment conducive to extremist ideologies and can offer a haven for terrorists , criminals , and drug traffickers .
if we ignore states , the failure , we are doing this at our own risk , because anarchy can be a nutritional ground for extremist ideologies and can be a flight for terrorists , criminals and drug traffickers .
if we ignore states that fail , we are doing so on our own risk , because anarchy may be a nutritional ground for extremist ideologies and can be a flight for terrorists , criminals and drug dealers .

der beginn seiner amtszeit wird nicht nur von der gefährlichsten krise auf der koreanischen halbinsel seit jahrzehnten begleitet , auch die beziehungen mit den usa werden auf eine harte probe gestellt , wie dies schon seit vielen jahren nicht mehr der fall war .
the beginning of his term not only coincides with one of the most dangerous episodes on the korean peninsula in decades , but his presidency will also test south korea &apos;s relations with the us to a degree that has not been seen for many years .
the beginning of his term of office is not only accompanied by the most dangerous crisis in the korean peninsula for decades , but relations with the united states have also been put on a tough test , as has been the case for many years .
the beginning of his term of office will not only be accompanied by the most dangerous crisis in the korean peninsula for decades , including relations with the united states , which has been a hard test , as has been no longer the case for many years .

die länder können sich dieses wachstum entweder zunutze machen -- und dabei ihre entwicklungschancen verbessern -- oder das risiko einer entfremdeten , durch die unerfüllte chance auf eine bessere zukunft verbitterten generation auf sich nehmen .
countries can either harness this growth -- and in so doing , transform their development prospects -- or face the risk of an alienated generation embittered by the unfulfilled chance of a better future .
the countries can either make use of this growth - and improve their development opportunities - or the risk of indebtedness , with the unfulfilled opportunity to develop a better generation for a better future .
the countries will be able to take advantage of this growth either , and to improve their development opportunities - or the risk of foreign depression , which gives rise to a better future .

die formale anerkennung als kandidatenland im jahr 1999 führte in der türkei zu beispiellosen reformbestrebungen in den bereichen menschen- und minderheitenrechte . dazu gehören die abschaffung der todesstrafe , der schutz gegen folter , die förderung der religiösen freiheit , die gleichstellung von mann und frau sowie die einschränkung der rolle des militärs im politischen leben .
turkey &apos;s formal recognition as a candidate state in 1999 led turkey to undertake unprecedented reform efforts in the area of human and minority rights , including abolition of the death penalty , safeguards against torture , promotion of religious freedoms , gender equality , and restriction of the military &apos;s role in political life .
the formal recognition of turkey as a candidate country in 1999 led to unprecedented reform efforts in the areas of human and minority rights , including the abolition of the death penalty , the protection of torture , the promotion of religious freedom , equality of men and women and the restriction of the role of the military in political life .
the formal recognition of turkey as candidate country in 1999 led to unprecedented reform efforts in the areas of human and minority rights , including the abolition of the death penalty , the protection of torture , the promotion of religious freedom , equality between men and women and the restriction of the role of the military in political life .

diese stimmungslage wird roh in der ersten phase seiner amtszeit ebenfalls berücksichtigen müssen , denn die beziehungen zu amerika müssen zu einem zeitpunkt neu geordnet werden , zu dem die bush-administration mit den nuklearen ambitionen nordkoreas und seiner rolle bei der verbreitung von massenvernichtungswaffen in schurkenstaaten beschäftigt ist .
these sentiments will form part of the diplomatic test shaping roh &apos;s presidency from the start , for he must re-engineer relations with america at the same time that the bush administration is fretting about north korea &apos;s nuclear ambitions and its role in spreading weapons of mass destruction to rogue states .
in the first phase of its term of office , we also need to take account of this voting situation , as relations with america must be reconsidered at a time when the bush administration is concerned with the nuclear ambitions of north korea and its role in the spread of weapons of mass destruction in emerging states .
this vote will also have to be taken into account at the first stage of its term of office , because relations with america must be restructured at a time when the bush administration is working with the nuclear ambitions of north korea and its role in the spread of weapons of mass destruction in shkenya states .

im gegensatz zu europa und russland ist china nicht ( wie europa ) teil eines bündnisses oder ( wie russland ) in ein system von waffenkontrollverträgen eingebunden , aus dem heraus sich politische lösungen entwickeln können : diese faktoren tragen zu instabilitäten in asien und zur chinesischen empfindsamkeit bei .
in contrast to europe and russia , china is not party to an alliance ( as is europe ) or to a network of arms control treaties through which political solutions can evolve ( like russia ) , factors that contribute to asian instabilities and chinese sensitivity .
as far as europe and russia are concerned , china is not part of an alliance or , as europe is concerned , in a system of arms control agreements , which can develop political solutions : these factors are being taken into account in asia and are sensitive to china .
in contrast to europe and russia , china is not part of an alliance or , like europe , in a system of arms control contracts , which can develop political solutions : these factors will help to restructure the situation in asia and in the face of chinese sensitivity .

doch sollte europa auch über seine eigene praktiken nachdenken , auch über seine handelspolitik , in der die eu systematisch daraufhin arbeitet , die globalen handelsabkommen zu ungunsten der entwicklungsländer umzugewichten , und das trotz der versprechen , jene unausgewogenheiten in der laufenden runde der handelsgespräche zu beheben .
but europe should also reflect on its own practices , including trade policy , where the eu works systematically to unbalance the global trade regime against developing countries , despite promising that those imbalances would be corrected in the current round of trade negotiations .
however , europe should also think about its own practices , including about its own trade policy , in which the eu is systematically working systematically to redouble the global trade agreements with developing countries , and despite the promise to remedy those unfair practices in the current round of trade talks .
however , europe should also think about its own practices , including its trade policy , in which the eu is systematically working systematically to convert the global trade agreements to the benefit of developing countries , and despite the promise to rectify those unbalanced practices in the current round of trade talks .

die beiden spitzenkandidaten für seine nachfolge , dominique de villepin und nikolas sarkozy , beide in der regierung , treten mit einer reformagenda gegeneinander an , doch ermutigen die jahre vor der wahl nicht zu gewagten maßnahmen .
the two frontrunners to succeed him , dominique de villepin and nicolas sarkozy , both in government , compete on a reformist agenda , but pre-election years do not encourage bold moves .
the two leading candidates for his follow-up , dominique de villepin and nicolas sarkozy , both of the government , are entering the government with a reform agenda against each other , but encouraging the measures not taken before the election years .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , both of us in the government , are following the two top candidates for their follow-up , dominique de villepin and nicolas sarkozy , both in the government , with a reset agenda against each other , but encouraging the measures not adopted before the election to be taken before the years .

diese befürchtung schien widerlegt , als die partei von viktor urban in den kürzlich abgehaltenen parlamentswahlen unterlag , aber andere politiker schüren allzu unbefangen nationalistische ressentiments - vaclav klaus in prag , edmund stoiber in deutschland , vladimir meciar in der slowakei - und sehen im nationalismus immer noch ein plus an der wahlurne , trotz orbans niederlage .
that worry was dented when viktor orban &apos;s fidesz party lost in hungary &apos;s recent parliamentary elections , but other politicians happy to demagogue national resentments - vaclav klaus in prague , edmund stoiber in germany , vladimir meciar in slovakia - still see nationalism as an electoral plus despite orban &apos;s defeat .
in the recent parliamentary elections , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen , mr van den v &apos;s party seemed to be opposed to this fear , when the government of urban in the recent parliamentary elections was lower , but other politicians were all too unnationalistic - lalag in prague , prague and ives in germany , vladivladiv , vladimir vladimir , in slovakia and nationalism , still see an election plus , despite the fact that there has been no nationalist defeat .
this fear seemed to have been rejected , as the vid group was in the recent parliamentary elections , but other politicians were too untracted by nationalist leaders - lavog in prague , and in germany , vladimir vladiar vladiar in slovakia - and nationalism in slovakia - and nationalism are still still in favour of a vote , despite the failure of the election .

aber während der irak zunehmend ins chaos abgleitet , müssen sich diplomaten und politische führer einmal mehr der frage stellen , ob es je gerechtfertigt ist , wenn staatenbündnisse oder die internationale gemeinschaft als ganze eingreifen , wenn ein land nicht bereit oder in der lage zu sein scheint , seine bürger vor völkermord , kriegsverbrechen und ethnischen säuberungen zu schützen .
but as iraq spirals into chaos , diplomats and leaders everywhere are again asking themselves if it is ever appropriate for alliances of nations or the international community as a whole to intervene when a sovereign country appears unable or unwilling to defend its citizens from genocide , war crimes , or ethnic cleansing .
however , while iraq is becoming increasingly chaos , diplomats and political leaders need to ask themselves whether it is justified , if the international community , if it does not be willing or willing to be willing to act in the situation or in the situation of war crimes , and ethnic genocide , and ethnic genocide .
however , in the face of iraq , diplomats and political leaders need to be increased , once again , whether it is justified that the international community should intervene as a whole if a whole country does not appear to be prepared or not in a position to be able to meet its genocide , its citizens , ethnic and ethnic minorities .

