doch macht dies die arzneimittelsicherheit umso wichtiger .
but this makes drug safety all the more important .
however , this makes it all the more important for pharmaceutical safety .
however , this makes it all the more important for pharmaceutical safety .

es sind also neue spielregeln nötigt .
so new rules of the game are needed .
it is therefore necessary to have new rules of procedure .
it is therefore necessary for new rules of play .

lehren aus der tsunami-katastrophe
lessons from the tsunami
lessons from the tsunami disaster
lessons from the tsunami disaster

der untergang der uno
the fall of the un
failure of the un to withdraw the un
the un &apos; s suboperation

warum wohl ?
guess why .
why ?
why ?

der weg bis zur entdeckung der dna-doppelhelix
the road to the double helix , the structure of dna
the road to the discovering of dna double helix
the way to discovering the dna double helix .

es spricht also weiterhin viel für eine repräsentative regierungsform .
so the case for representative government remains strong .
so there is still a great deal for a representative government form .
so there is still much for a representative state of government .

steuersenkungen könnten das verfügbare einkommen anheben .
the reduction in tax collection can increase disposable income .
tax reductions could increase the available income .
tax reductions could increase the income available .

infolgedessen sind sie in zunehmendem maße anfälliger für krankheiten .
as a result , they are increasingly vulnerable to poor health .
as a result , they are increasingly vulnerable to diseases .
consequently , they are increasingly vulnerable to diseases .

manche hatten angst , andere weinten vor freude .
some were frightened , others wept with joy .
some have been afraid , other winds were delighted .
some were afraid of fear , other winds of wine .

die erste großstadt , die einen derartigen preisboom erlebte war london .
the first big city to boom was london , starting around 1996 .
the first major city , which was a result of such a price boom in london .
the first big city , which was a price boat of this kind , was london .

eines der größten rätsel der weltwirtschaft ist die schlechte wirtschaftsleistung lateinamerikas .
one of the world economy &apos;s biggest puzzles is latin america &apos;s poor performance .
one of the world economy &apos;s largest economy is the bad economic performance of latin america .
one of the largest parts of the world economy is the poor economic performance of latin america .

solche institutionen können das nationale interesse der usa vertreten und tun dies auch oft .
such institutions can and often do advance us national interests .
such institutions can represent the national interest of the united states and often do so .
such institutions can represent the national interest of the united states and do so often .

eine ordnungsgemäße und vollständige dokumentation schädlicher medikamentenwirkungen ist schwierig .
proper and complete documentation of harmful drug effects is difficult .
it is difficult to carry out proper and full documentation on the impact of harmful treatment .
it is difficult to have a proper and fully documented material effect on medicinal products .

all dies ist eine enttäuschung für die alten strategen des kalten krieges .
all this comes as a disappointment to old cold war strategists .
all this is a disappointment for the old strategic war of the cold war .
all this is a disappointment for the old strategic war .

nun da diese ziele erreicht sind , will europa einen positiven beitrag zu den entwicklungen der welt leisten .
having achieved these goals , europe now wants to make a positive contribution to world developments .
now that these objectives are achieved , europe wants to make a positive contribution to the developments in the world .
now that these objectives have been achieved , europe wants to make a positive contribution to the developments in the world .

es wäre unklug zu verleugnen , dass manche dieser faktoren durchaus ernsthafte herausforderungen darstellen .
it would be foolish to deny that some of these factors represent serious challenges .
it would be unwise to deny that some of these factors are very serious challenges .
it would be unwise to deny that some of these factors are very serious challenges .

die reichen industrieländer haben frühzeitig und stark in die wasserinfrastruktur , institutionen und managementkapazitäten investiert .
rich industrial countries have invested early and heavily in water infrastructure , institutions , and management capacities .
the rich industrialised countries have invested an early and strong investment in water infrastructure , institutions and management capacities .
the rich industrialised countries have invested in the water infrastructure , institutions and management capacities at an early stage .

man denke nur an die unterschiedlichen auswirkungen von zinssätzen für schuldner und gläubiger .
think about the different effects of interest rates on debtors versus creditors .
we only think of the different effects of interest rates for debtors and creditors .
we are only thinking of the different effects of interest rates for debtors and creditors .

und im nahen osten und in nordafrika sind mehr als ein viertel aller jungen leute arbeitslos .
and , in the middle east and north africa region , about a quarter of all young people are unemployed .
more than a quarter of all young people are unemployed in the middle east and north africa .
more than a quarter of all young people are unemployed in the middle east and in north africa .

die vereinten nationen erstanden aus der asche eines krieges , den der völkerbund nicht verhindern konnte .
the un arose from the ashes of a war that the league of nations was unable to avert .
the united nations came from the aegis of a war that could not prevent international nations and not .
the united nations was out of the awest of a war that could not prevent international war .

lange zeit war die schrã <unk> ders reformpolitik hinter seiner rhetorik zurã ¼ ckgeblieben .
for a long time , schröder &apos;s reformist rhetoric had not been matched by his politics .
for a long time , the schrings of the reform policy behind its rhetoric has remained a lever .
for a long time , the sophisticated reform policy has remained behind its rhetoric .

mit ausnahme ihrer eigenen länder konnten bush und blair die welt bis dato nicht von ihrer sache überzeugen .
to date , bush and blair have failed to make the case to the world , with the partial exception of their own countries .
with the exception of their own countries , bush and blair have not been able to convince the world of their cause .
with the exception of their own countries , bush and blair have not been able to convince the world of their cause .

die welt - und allen voran europa - hegt gegenüber den usa faszination und bewunderung .
the world - europe in particular - has fascination and admiration for the us .
the world - and above all , europe - is heightened and admirable towards the united states .
the world - and all europe is moving towards the united states - is showing a great deal of admiration and admiration .

ein prominenter schriftsteller bezeichnete dieses ereignis als , , polens zweite taufe &quot; .
here , said a prominent writer , was &quot; poland &apos;s second baptism . &quot;
this event was signed by a prominent writer as a case , poland , the second tour .
this event was described as an example of poland , poland , second tour .

dieser ansatz funktioniert in der flugbranche : piloten , die beinahezusammenstöße melden , werden nicht bestraft .
this approach works well in the airline industry : pilots reporting near misses are not penalized ;
this approach is working in the air industry : pilots , which have been reported in the final hemicycle , will not be punished .
this approach is working in the air sector : pilots , who have been reported to be locked up , are not punished .

die scheinbare außenpolitische entfremdung beruht zum teil auf einem missverständnis darüber , worum es beim europäischen projekt geht .
part of the seeming disconnect on foreign policy emerges from a misunderstanding about what &quot; europe &quot; is about .
it is partly because of a misunderstanding about what is going on in the european project .
it is partly based on a misunderstanding about what the european project is about .

das ist nicht passiert , zumindest nicht in großem maßstab , aber das heißt nicht , dass es überhaupt ausgeschlossen ist .
that this has not happened , at least on a large scale , is not to say that it cannot happen at all .
this has not happened , at least not in large terms , but that does not mean that it is excluded at all .
that has not happened , at least not at all , but it does not mean that it is excluded at all .

das entscheidende an der investitionsstrategie besteht darin , die heimischen unternehmer für die eigene volkswirtschaft zu begeistern .
the key to investment strategy is to get domestic entrepreneurs excited about the home economy .
the crucial point in the investment strategy is to encourage domestic entrepreneurs for their own economy .
the crucial part of the investment strategy is to encourage domestic entrepreneurs for their own economy .

es ist nun zu befürchten , dass derartige demagogie einen teufelskreis von populistischen siegen auslöst .
the worry now is that such demagoguery may incite a cycle of populist victories .
it is now a fear that such demagogy will solve a vicious circle of populist label .
it is now to be afraid that such demagogy will solve a vicious circle of populist victory .

mehr als die hälfte aller zugelassenen medikamente erzeugen schwerwiegende nebenwirkungen , die zum zeitpunkt der zulassung durch die behörden nicht bekannt sind .
more than half of all approved drugs produce a serious adverse reaction that is not known at the time of regulatory approval .
more than half of all the medicines authorised are producing serious side effects that are not known at the time of authorisation by the authorities .
more than half of all authorised medicines produce serious effects that are not known at the time of authorisation by the authorities .

die meisten geschäfte werden ja nicht vor gerichten sondern bei treffen abgewickelt , bei denen es auf vertrauen und den guten ruf ankommt .
most business is not conducted in courts but in meetings where trust and reputation are essential .
most business will not be carried out before courts but will be held at meetings where confidence and good reputation are needed .
most business will not be carried out before courts , but at meetings with confidence and good reputation .

der beitritt der türkei zur union wäre eine überzeugende antwort , die man in der islamischen welt mit besonderer deutlichkeit vernehmen würde .
turkey &apos;s accession to the union would give a powerful answer , one that would be heard with particular clarity in the islamic world .
turkey &apos;s accession to the union would be a convincing response that would be made in the islamic world with particular clarity .
turkey &apos;s accession to the union would be a convincing response , which would be made very clear in the islamic world .

würden sie sich dann nicht eher jenen experten zuzuwenden , deren einschätzungen sich in der vergangenheit häufiger als richtig erwiesen haben ?
wouldn &apos;t they be more likely to read pundits with better track records ?
would you not then turn to those experts whose estimates have been more than correct in the past ?
would you not then go to those experts whose estimates have become more effective in the past ?

das fehlen eines dynamischen wachstums ist angesichts der vielen vorteile und der sozialen erfolgsgeschichten lateinamerikas umso verblüffender .
the lack of vigorous growth is all the more bewildering in view of latin america &apos;s many advantages and social successes .
the lack of dynamic growth is all the more obvious in view of the many benefits and the social success of latin america .
in view of the many benefits and social success of latin america , the lack of dynamic growth is all the more conducive to the lack of growth .

anstatt dass der innergemeinschaftliche konflikt abgekühlt wurde , brennt der hass zwischen den volksgruppen so stark wie eh und je .
instead of cooling communal conflict , interethnic hatred remains as heated as ever .
instead of the fact that the internal conflict has been closed down , hatred between the ethnic groups is as strong as eh and depending on .
instead of the cooling of the internal community conflict , the hatred between the ethnic groups is as strong as eh and ever .

teilbereiche der haushaltspolitik könnten ebenso an unabhängige amtsträger delegiert werden , um zu vermeiden , dass politiker aus der reihe tanzen .
aspects of fiscal policy could also be delegated to independent bureaucrats in order to keep politicians in line .
part areas of budgetary policy could also be delegated to independent officials in order to avoid politicians from the number of tanks .
partial areas of budgetary policy could also be put to independent officials in order to avoid politicians from the series of tanks .

er sah das als die sicherste methode , um an die macht zu gelangen , denn die große mehrheit der bevölkerung dachte genauso wie er .
indeed , he saw it as his surest route to power , because the vast majority of the population thought exactly as he did .
he saw this as the most secure method of achieving power , because the vast majority of the population thought as it was .
he saw this as the most secure method to reach power , because the vast majority of the population thought as it was .

die katastrophe war international und daher war es auch angebracht , dass die vereinten nationen die führung bei der koordination der hilfsbemühungen übernahmen .
the disaster was international , so it was appropriate that the united nations take the lead in coordinating the relief effort .
the disaster was international and it was therefore also appropriate that the united nations took the lead in coordinating aid efforts .
the disaster was international and , therefore , it was appropriate that the united nations took the lead in coordinating the aid efforts .

in der zukunft wird das virtuelle unternehmensmodell bestimmen , wie geschäfte abgewickelt , kriege geführt und vermutlich sogar staatliche dienstleistungen erbracht werden .
in the future , the virtual enterprise model will shape how business is conducted , wars will be fought and probably how government services will be administered .
in the future , the virtual model of business will determine how business is carried out , wars and , probably , even state services will be provided .
in the future , the virtual company model will determine how business is carried out , wars and , probably , even state services will be provided .

wie in den asiatischen entwicklungsländern wäre eine derartige politik auch mit der verpflichtung für eine substanzielle erhöhung der investitionen in forschung und entwicklung verbunden .
such a policy would entail committing to a major increase in spending on research and development , as asian developing countries have done .
as in asian developing countries , such a policy would also be linked to the commitment to a substantial increase in investment in research and development .
as in asian countries , such a policy would also be linked to the commitment to a substantial increase in investment in research and development .

der blick in die zukunft einer welt nach kyoto bietet uns die gelegenheit , einen neuen dialog zu starten und neue optionen hinsichtlich des klimawandels in erwägung zu ziehen .
looking ahead to the post-kyoto world offers us the chance to start a new dialogue and to look at new options on climate change .
the future of a world after kyoto offers us the opportunity to launch a new dialogue and to consider new options for climate change .
looking at the future of a world after kyoto , we have the opportunity to launch a new dialogue and consider new options for climate change .

umfragen der weltbank in entwicklungsländern zeigen , wenn man arme nach den drei wichtigsten anliegen fragt , die sie beschäftigen , wird &quot; gesundheit &quot; immer genannt .
surveys undertaken by the world bank in developing countries show that , when poor people are asked to name the three most important concerns they face , &quot; good health &quot; is always mentioned .
the world bank &apos;s questions in developing countries show that poor people are asked about the three main concerns that they are dealing with , &apos; health &apos; will always be mentioned .
the world bank &apos;s questions in developing countries show that poor people are being asked about the three main concerns they are dealing with , &apos; health &apos; is always mentioned .

es ist inzwischen bei internationalen organisationen allgemeine praxis , berichte zu veröffentlichen , an denen alle , , beteiligten &quot; mitgearbeitet haben und die deren meinungen widerspiegeln .
it is now standard practice for international organizations publishing a report to involve all the &quot; stakeholders &quot; and to reflect their opinions .
it is now general practice for international organisations to publish reports on which all , interested parties have worked and reflect their opinions .
it is now common practice for international organisations to publish reports on which all , parties involved have worked together and which reflect their opinions .

jetzt allerdings deuten die ergebnisse eines über 20 jahre hinweg durchgeführten forschungsprojektes darauf hin , dass die skeptiker näher an der wahrheit liegen .
but the results of a 20-year research project now suggest that the <<unk>> tics are closer to the truth .
now , however , the results of a research project carried out over 20 years indicate that the sceptics are closer to the truth .
however , the results of a research project carried out over 20 years now show that the sceptics are closer to the truth .

so glauben tatsächlich viele koreaner , dass die präsenz der amerikaner und nicht das kommunistische regime in nordkorea das größte hindernis für eine wiedervereinigung wäre .
indeed , many ordinary people now view the us presence , and not north korea &apos;s communist regime , as the biggest obstacle to unification .
in fact , so many korean people believe that the presence of the americans and not the communist regime in north korea would be the greatest obstacle to reunification .
in fact , many korean people believe that the presence of the americans and not the communist regime in north korea would be the greatest obstacle to reunification .

so viele mitbürger wie möglich mit einem vermögen auszustatten , wandelt wahrscheinlich die weit verbreitete zielstrebigkeit in anstrengungen um , die das land nach vorne bringen .
empowering as many members citizens as possible is likely to instill a widespread sense of purpose into efforts to move countries forward .
as many fellow citizens as possible with a wealth , it is probably the widespread objective of trying to bring the country forward .
as many fellow citizens as possible provide a wealth , it is probably likely to change the widespread target in efforts to bring the country forward .

allerdings muss europa eine unabhängige militärische planungskapazität einzurichten , weil die eu möglicherweise irgendwann eigene operationen leiten muss , z.b. , weil die nato als ganzes hierzu nicht bereit ist .
but we must also establish an autonomous european military planning capacity , because the eu might need to lead its own operations , perhaps because nato is unwilling to .
however , europe must set up an independent military planning capacity , because the eu may perhaps have to conduct its own operations at some point , for example , because nato as a whole is not prepared to do so .
however , europe must set up an independent military planning capacity , because the eu may have to take its own operations at some point , for example , because nato as a whole is not prepared to do so .

die schritte in richtung auf eine volle freigabe der kapitalkonten wurden in übereinstimmung mit dem beeindruckenden wachstum der devisenreserven indiens unternommen .
the moves towards full capital-account convertibility have proceeded in step with impressive growth in india &apos;s foreign-currency reserves .
the steps towards a full release of capital accounts have been taken in accordance with the impressive growth of foreign currency reserves .
the steps towards a full release of capital accounts have been taken in accordance with the impressive growth of foreign reserves .

seit damals hat der boom in diesen und anderen städten der welt angehalten . vielfach sind die preise seit dem jahr 2000 real um mindestens 50 % gestiegen .
these and other cities have been booming pretty much ever since ; prices in most are up at least 50 % in real terms since 2000 .
since then , the boom in these and other cities in the world has been kept up , and in many cases prices have increased by at least 50 % since 2000 .
since then , the boom in these and other cities in the world has kept up and , in many cases , prices have increased by at least 50 % since 2000 .

sie streuen sprachliche einschränkungen in ihre äußerungen ein , welche die geltungsanspruch ihrer argumente beschränken : &quot; aber &quot; , &quot; allerdings &quot; und &quot; obwohl &quot; .
they sprinkle their conversations with linguistic qualifiers that limit the reach of their arguments : ‘ but , &apos; ‘ however , &apos; ‘ although . &apos;
they impose linguistic restrictions in their statements which restrict the use of their arguments : &apos; but &apos; but &apos; but &apos; and &apos; although &apos; .
they impose linguistic restrictions on their statements , which restrict the right of their arguments : &apos; but &apos; , &apos; but &apos; and &apos; even &apos; .

eine konsequenz aus diesem zynischen umgang mit politischen ideologien sind die großen schwankungen , was die gunst der wähler betrifft , die man in verschiedenen zentraleuropäischen ländern beobachten konnte .
one consequence of this cynical treatment of political ideologies is the wild swings in voters &apos; preferences seen in various central european countries .
a consequence of this cynical way of dealing with political ideologies is the major fluctuations in terms of the voters , which have been observed in various central european countries .
a consequence of this cynical approach to political ideologies is the major fluctuations of the voters who have been able to observe in various central european countries .

die gespräche werden fortgesetzt , doch , wie der un-unterhändler und ehemalige finnische präsident martti ahtisaari dem sicherheitsrat diplomatisch mitteilte , sind sie effektiv tot .
talks continue , but , as un negotiator and former finnish president martti ahtisaari diplomatically told the security council , they are effectively dead .
the talks will continue , but , as the un negotiators and former finnish president martti ahtisaari said , they are effectively dead .
the talks will continue , but , as the un subtraffickers and former finnish president martti ahtisaari told the security council , they are effectively dead .

bushs &quot; wir und die anderen &quot; -rhetorik bietet ein klares definitionskriterium für die &quot; anderen &quot; und positioniert sie als in sich geeinten feind .
bush &apos;s &quot; us and them &quot; rhetoric clearly defines an &quot; other &quot; and positions it as a cohesive enemy .
we , and the other &apos; rhetoric &apos; , offer a clear definition criterion for the &apos; others &apos; and position as a united enemy .
we , and the other &apos; rhetoric &apos; , offer a clear definition of the &apos; other &apos; and position as a united enemy .

angesichts der politischen instabilität serbiens bezweifeln sie , dass es durch einen kurzfristigen aufschub zu großem schaden käme -- auch wenn sich serbien diesen zum größten teil selbst zufügen würde .
given serbia &apos;s political instability , they question the harm of a short-term postponement -- albeit mostly self-inflicted .
in view of the political instability of serbia , you doubt that it would be very damaging by a short-term delay - even though serbia would , for the most part , be able to do so .
in view of the political instability of serbia , you doubt that , through a short-term delay , it would be very damaging - even if serbia would be the largest part of that .

es ist beinahe so , als hätte die kommunistische partei marx auf den kopf gestellt und die religion durch den profit als neues &quot; opium für das volk &quot; ersetzt .
it &apos;s almost as if the communist party had turned marx on his head , replacing religion with profit as the new &quot; opium of the masses . &quot;
it is almost the case that the communist party , marx , would have put the communist party on the head and replaced religion by profit as a new &apos; opium for the people &apos; .
it is almost the case that the communist party marx would have placed on the head and replaced religion by profit as a new &apos; opium for the people &apos; .

william bragg schloss sein mathematikstudium 1884 in cambridge ab und ging nach australien , wo er in adelaide professor für physik wurde .
william bragg graduated in mathematics in cambridge in 1884 , and became professor of physics in adelaide , australia .
william bragg decided on his mathematic study by 1884 in cambridge and went to australia , where he was in adelaiaide for physics .
william bragg closed his mathematic study at 1884 in camcamcamon and went to australia , where he was in adelaide professor for ark .

für deutschland wird ein wert von 3,4 % des bip vorausgesagt . beide zahlen liegen weit über der im wachstums- und stabilitätspakt der eurozone festgelegten defizitobergrenze von 3 % des bip .
the european commission predicts that the french government deficit will reach 3.7 % of gdp this year , with germany &apos;s widening to 3.4 % --both figures well beyond the deficit cap ( 3 % of gdp ) set by the euro-zone &apos;s stability and growth pact .
for germany , a value of 3.4 % of gdp is expected , and both figures are far beyond the deficit ceiling laid down in the growth and stability pact of the euro area of 3 % of gdp .
a value of 3.4 % of gdp is expected for germany , and both figures are far beyond the deficit ceiling set by 3 % of gdp in the growth and stability pact of the euro area .

dabei wurden die erforderlichen rahmenbedingungen und auslöser ermittelt , um die selbstzusammenfindung kleiner opportunistischer gruppen zu erleichtern und diese in die lage zu versetzen , wie die großunternehmen zu agieren .
the research noted the conditions and triggers needed to facilitate the self-assembly of small opportunistic groups and enable them to act like large companies .
in doing so , the necessary framework and interpretations have been identified in order to facilitate the select of small opportunistic groups and to enable them to act as the big business .
in this respect , the necessary framework conditions and exploration have been identified to facilitate the invention of small opportunistic groups and to enable them to act as large companies .

was bleibt , sind die mit unserer weltordnung verbundenen werte , deren verteidigung führung durch eigenes beispiel erfordert - und nicht durch enge legalistische , auf krisenmanagement oder konfliktbewältigung ausgerichtete initiativen .
what remains are the values linked to the global order , defense of which requires leading by example , not by narrow , legalistic initiatives aimed at crisis management or conflict resolution .
what remains is the values that are linked to our world order , whose defence requires , through its own example , and not through close legal , crisis management or conflict management initiatives .
what remains is the values linked to our world order , which require defence through its own example - and not through close legal , crisis management and conflict management initiatives .

die wirtschaftliche liberalisierung , die in den letzten 25 jahren in weiten teilen der welt durchgeführt wurde , war von anfang an eine fehlerhafte politik , und ihre folgen sind extrem offensichtlich geworden .
the economic liberalization carried out in much of the world in the last 25 years was a flawed policy from the start , and its consequences have become glaringly obvious .
economic liberalisation , which has been carried out in large parts of the world over the last 25 years , was , from the outset , an error policy , and its consequences have become extremely obvious .
economic liberalisation , which has been carried out in large parts of the world over the last 25 years , was an error policy , and its consequences have become extremely obvious .

wenn es politikern möglich ist , die inflation durch entscheidenden einfluss auf die zentralbanken zu kontrollieren , können sie ihre macht zur abwertung der öffentlichen schuldenlast einsetzen , um damit steuererhöhungen zur schuldenrückzahlung zu vermeiden .
when politicians can control inflation by exercising decisive sway over central banks , they can use their power to devalue the burden of public debt , avoiding the need for more taxation to pay it off .
if it is possible for politicians to control inflation through decisive influence on the central banks , they can use their power to reduce the public debt burden to avoid tax increases in debt repayment .
if politicians are able to control inflation through decisive influence on the central banks , they can use their power to reduce the public debt burden in order to avoid tax increases in debt payments .

wenn wir also nach lösungen für einige der schwierigsten probleme der welt suchen , so werden wir vermutlich auch diese zumindest teilweise in neuen technologien finden , die alte und scheinbar unlösbare probleme auflösen können .
thus , when we seek solutions to some of the world &apos;s toughest problems , they , too , are likely to be found , at least in part , in new technologies that can resolve old and seemingly intractable problems .
therefore , if we look for solutions to some of the most difficult problems in the world , we will probably find them in some of the new technologies that can solve the old and apparently unsolved problems .
therefore , if we look for solutions to some of the most difficult problems in the world , we will probably find them at least in some part in new technologies that can solve the old and apparently unacceptable problems .

das heißt , renten- und steuerinstitutionen müssen den veränderten lebensverhältnissen verschiedener generationen besser rechnung tragen und keine versprechen hinsichtlich fixer zukünftiger beträge abgeben , die höchstwahrscheinlich ohnehin nicht eingehalten werden können .
what this means is that pension and tax institutions must be designed to take better account of the changing circumstances facing different generations , rather than make fixed promises--which most likely cannot be kept , anyway--of a certain payout in the future .
in other words , pension and tax institutions need to take better account of the changing conditions of life of various generations and do not make promises about fixed-term amounts that are likely to be not complied with in any case .
in other words , pension and tax institutions must take better account of the changes in the life of various generations and do not make promises about fixer amounts of future , which may probably not be respected in any way .

das folgerisiko größerer kursschwankungen der rupie wird durch einige ernsthafte probleme verstärkt , dazu gehören ein defizit , das bei 6 % des bip liegt , und die militärischen schwierigkeiten mit pakistan .
the downside risk of higher volatility for the rupee is aggravated by some serious problems , including a deficit running at 6 % of gdp and the strategic stand-off with pakistan .
a number of serious problems will increase the torture of the cruelty of the accident by means of a number of serious problems , including a deficit in 6 % of gdp , and military difficulties with pakistan .
a number of serious problems are a deficit that lies with 6 % of gdp and the military difficulties with pakistan .

das entwicklungspotenzial äthiopiens ist eng an saisonbedingten regen gebunden , deshalb haben hohe schwankungen der niederschlagsmenge zusammen mit der fehlenden infrastruktur das wachstum behindert und die armut fortbestehen lassen .
ethiopia &apos;s development potential is closely tied to seasonal rains , so high rainfall variation , together with lack of infrastructure , has undermined growth and perpetuated poverty .
the development potential of ethiopia is closely linked to seasonal education , and that is why high fluctuations of the number of grass roots , together with the lack of infrastructure , have hindered growth and that poverty continues .
the development potential of albania is closely linked to seasonal pressure , which is why high fluctuations in the decline of the bathing amount , together with the lack of infrastructure , have hindered growth and poverty continues .

rohs sieg über seinen kontrahenten lee hoi chang markiert einen generationswechsel in der koreanischen politik , bei dem sich die jungen mit ihrem wunsch , sich von den usa zu emanzipieren durchgesetzt haben .
roh &apos;s victory over lee hoi chang signifies a generational shift in korean politics , with the young determined to gain a freer hand in korea &apos;s relations with the us .
raw material victory over his rulee hotel hoverg is a generational change in the korean policy , in which young people , with their desire , have been able to move from the united states .
raw material victory over his unlike hlee hoi shag marks a general change in the korean policy , in which the young people want to see themselves enforced by the united states .

aber die grundsätzliche ahnung johannes paul ii ist richtig : die postkommunistische welt -im osten wie im westen - befindet sich in einer spirituellen krise und der papst möchte , dass die bedeutung höherer werte erkannt wird .
but john paul ii &apos;s basic intuition is correct : the postcommunist world--east and west--is in spiritual crisis , and the pope wants to shake it into realizing the importance of higher values .
however , the fundamental principle of john paul ii is true : the post-communist world in the east , like the west , is in a spiritual crisis and the pope , that the importance of higher values is recognised .
however , the principle of subsidiarity is correct : the post-communist world in the east of the west - is in a spiritual crisis and the pope &apos;s desire to recognise the importance of higher values .

unter ihnen wie auch unter den palästinensern wird die hoffnung laut , dass es nach dem rückzug aus gaza möglich sein wird , zum friedensfahrplan zurückzukehren und wieder verhandlungen aufzunehmen , die zu einem endgültigen abkommen zwischen israel und den palästinensern führen .
among them , as well as among the palestinians , one hears the hope that after the gaza withdrawal , it will be possible to return to the road map and to resume negotiations leading to a final agreement between israel and the palestinians .
among them , as well as among the palestinians , the hope will be that , following the withdrawal of gaza , it will be possible to return to the peace roadmap and resume negotiations that will lead to a final agreement between israel and the palestinians .
among them , as among the palestinians , the hope will be that , following the withdrawal from gaza , it will be possible to return to the peace roadmap and to resume negotiations which lead to a final agreement between israel and the palestinians .

was allerdings mit dem unwillen des sicherheitsrates , den einsatz von gewalt zur durchsetzung seiner eigenen resolutionen gegen den irak zu billigen , unterging , war die jahrzehnte alte fantasie , die uno wäre die grundlage der weltordnung .
what died with the security council &apos;s unwillingness to sanction force to implement its own resolutions on iraq &apos;s possession of weapons of mass destruction was the decades-old fantasy of the un as the bedrock of world order .
however , what happened with the unwill of the security council to approve the use of violence to enforce its own resolutions against iraq was the old imagination that the un would be the basis of world order .
however , what happened with the unwillingness of the security council to approve the use of force to enforce its own resolutions against iraq was the old imagination , the un would be the basis of world order .

unbeweglich auf grund seines ausufernden wohlfahrtssystems und eines überregulierten arbeitsmarktes war deutschland nicht in der lage , auf diese schocks zu reagieren , und geriet so in eine krise .
rigid as it was , with an extensive welfare system and an over-regulated labor market , germany was unable to react to these shocks and ran into trouble .
it was impossible for germany to react to these shocks , and it was so in a crisis , because of its distress of the welfare system and a revised labour market .
it was not possible for germany to react to these shocks , and to a crisis in this crisis .

werden eu-bürger , die von anderen kontinenten stammen und deren religionen der hinduismus oder der islam , der sikhismus oder der buddhismus ist , in der lage sein , sich mit &quot; europäischen werten &quot; und &quot; europäischer kultur &quot; zu identifizieren ?
will eu citizens whose origins are in other continents and whose religion is hindu or islam , sikh or buddhist , be able to identify with &quot; european &quot; values and culture ?
will eu citizens who come from other continents and their religions of hinduism or islam , sikhism or buddhism , be able to identify with &apos; european values &apos; and &apos; european culture &apos; ?
will eu citizens who come from other continents and whose religions of hinduism or islam , sikhism or buddhism be able to identify with &apos; european values &apos; and &apos; european culture &apos; ?

hier also ein bescheidener , auf alle demokratien anzuwendender vorschlag : der markt für ideen funktioniert besser , wenn es den bürgern leichter fällt , die zielkonflikte zwischen treffsicherheit der aussagen und unterhaltung oder zwischen treffsicherheit und parteitreue zu erkennen .
here , then , is a modest proposal that applies to all democracies : the marketplace of ideas works better if it is easier for citizens to see the trade-offs between accuracy and entertainment , or between accuracy and party loyalty .
in other words , this is a modest one to bring the proposal to all democracies : the market works better for ideas if it makes it easier for the citizens to recognise the target conflicts between the security of statements and obscure , or to make sure that there is a certain degree of security and party .
here , therefore , a modest idea to apply all democracies to the proposal : the market for ideas is better functioning if it is easier for the citizens to recognise the target conflicts between the security and maintenance of the security and security of the parties .

die öffentliche debatte in frankreich über säkularismus und gesetzgebung stellt ein wichtiges bemühen in dieser richtung dar , auch wenn diese debatte besser organisiert sein könnte , um den zusammenhang zwischen prinzipien , sozialen und anthropologischen tatsachen und öffentlicher politik zu verdeutlichen .
france &apos;s ongoing public debate about secularism and legislation is an important effort in this direction , even if the debate could be better organized to demonstrate the link between principles , social and anthropological facts , and public policy .
the public debate in france on secularism and legislation is an important effort in this direction , even if this debate could be better organised , in order to clarify the link between principles , social and anthropological facts and public policy .
the public debate in france on secularism and legislation is an important effort in this direction , even though this debate could be better organised in order to clarify the link between principles , social and anthropology and public policy .

in diesem zusammenhang ist bemerkenswert , dass china bei gebundenen kapitalkonten über devisenreserven von 286 milliarden us-dollar verfügt , sie sind viermal größer als die indiens . dabei ist chinas wirtschaft nur doppelt so umfangreich wie die indische .
in this context , it is noteworthy that china , with a closed capital account , has foreign-exchange reserves of us $ 286 billion , four times the size of india &apos;s , though china &apos;s economy is only double india &apos;s size .
in this context , it is remarkable that china has usd 286 billion in the fixed capital accounts , with the usd 286 billion reserves , it is four times greater than india , and china &apos;s economy is twice as extensive as india .
in this context , it is remarkable that china has usd 286 billion in the exchange of capital accounts for usd 286 billion , it is four times greater than india , in which china &apos;s economy is twice as extensive as the india .

die meisten menschen allerdings entwickelten durch ihr leben in einer totalitaristischen diktatur ganz und gar nichts erhabenes : ihr leben war geprägt von der täglichen verstrickung in lügen , spirituelle verkommenheit und materielle korruption .
for most people , however , life under totalitarian dictatorship was not ennobling ; it was , rather , a daily immersion in lies , spiritual depravity , and material corruption .
however , most people have developed through their lives in a totalitarianism and nothing more than a totalitarian dictatorship : their lives have been marked by the daily steering in lies , spiritual , spiritual and material corruption .
however , most people live in a totalitarianism in a totalitarianism of totalitarianism , quite simply nothing : their lives have been marked by the daily distrust of lies , spiritual and material corruption .

der klarste fall ist ungarn , wo der knapp unterlegene premier viktor orban im wahlkampf die außerkraftsetzung von präsident edvard benes dekreten von 1945 forderte ( durch die das vermögen von aus der damaligen tschechoslowakei deportierten deutschen und ungarn konfisziert wurde ) .
the clearest case of this comes from hungary , where prime minister viktor orban demanded an abrogation of president edvard benes &apos; decrees of 1945 ( which confiscated the assets of and stripped citizenship from the german and hungarian populations deported from czechoslovakia at that time ) as part of a re-election campaign that failed narrowly .
the most clear case is hungary , where the least subcontracted prime minister viorban in the election campaign called for the removal of president edvard benves from 1945 ( which was fished by the assets from the former czechoslovakia and hungary ) .
the most clear case is hungary , where the prime minister , mr vian orban , in the election campaign , called for president edvard bench bench bended in 1945 ( by the assets of the german and hungary from the former czechoslovakia and hungary ) .

dieselbe logik , die besagt , dass wir unsere $ 70 dringender brauchen , als die menschen 2100 zusätzliche $ 500 brauchen , gebietet , dass wir die reichen der welt stärker besteuern sollten , solange zusätzliche $ 500 steuern in der ersten welt auch nur $ 70 zusätzliches pro-kopf-einkommen in armen ländern erzeugen .
the same logic that says we need our $ 70 more than the people of 2100 need an extra $ 500 dictates that we should tax the world &apos;s rich more , as long as each extra $ 500 in first-world taxes generates as little as an extra $ 70 in poor countries per capita incomes .
the same logic , which states that we need 70 more urgent when people need 2100 additional 500 people , is that we should pay more taxes to the rich world as long as additional 500 taxes in the first world also produce only 70 additional per capita income per capita income in poor countries .
the same logic , which states that we need our 70 , when people need 2100 million additional 500 , is that we should have more taxes on the rich of the world , as long as additional 500 taxes in the first world produce only 70 per capita per capita income in poor countries .

in zentraleuropa wird dies noch dadurch verstärkt , dass die parteien , die an der macht waren , egal , welcher politischen couleur sie angehörten , die wirtschaft privatisieren und , unter dem druck der europäischen union , reformen durchsetzen mussten , die in einem klassischen westlichen system sache der rechten gewesen wären .
in central europe this effect has been amplified by the fact that , regardless of ideological leanings , rulings parties have had to privatize the economy and , under pressure from the european union , introduce reform measures that would , in a classical western system , usually be undertaken by the political right .
in central europe , this will be exacerbated by the fact that the parties that were in power , regardless of what political colour they were , have had to privatise the economy and , under pressure from the european union , have had to implement reforms that would have been the case in a classic western system of rights .
in central europe , this will be further strengthened by the fact that the parties that were in power , regardless of what political couples they were involved , privatisation of the economy and , under pressure from the european union , have had to implement reforms which would have been in a classic western system of rights .

anstatt sich auf die küsten zu stürzen -- 80 % aller amerikaner wohnen in einer entfernung von bis zu 80 km vom pazifischen oder atlantischen ozean -- , haben sich die wal-marts organisch durch eine sich ständig ausdehnende versorgungskette ausgebreitet .
rather than jumping out to the coasts -- 80 % of all americans live within 80 kilometers of the pacific or atlantic oceans -- wal-marts have spread organically through an ever-expanding supply chain .
80 % of all americans live in a distance of up to 80 kilometres from the pacific or atlantic ocean - the wal-marts organisation has grown up by an ever-growing supply chain of supply .
80 % of all the americans live in a distance of up to 80 km from the pacific or atlantic ocean - the walking of walk , with an ever-increasing expansion chain of supply .

so meinte er beispielsweise , er hätte nicht die absicht vor den usa einen kotau zu machen oder nur wegen einer fotogelegenheit nach washington zu reisen . außerdem versprach er , präsident kim dae jungs &quot; sonnenscheinpolitik &quot; gegenüber nordkorea fortzusetzen .
for example , he said that he would not kow-tow to the us or visit washington just for the sake of a photo opportunity he also promised to continue president kim dae jung &apos;s &quot; sunshine policy &quot; of engagement with the north .
for example , he said that he did not intend to make a cotau or to travel to washington because of a photographs , and he also said he said that president kim in the dadae &apos;s young &apos; sunlight &apos; policy towards north korea would not have been able to continue .
he said , for example , that he did not intend to make a kotau before the united states , or just to travel to washington because of a focal opportunity for washington , and he also promised to continue president kim the young &apos; sunt &apos; policy towards north korea .

bei dem gegenwärtigen boom erfolgte die ansteckung innerhalb der märkte und über märkte hinweg , da steigende preise die begeisterung - und damit weitere preisanstiege - zuerst innerhalb einer stadt und dann in anderen städten , sogar am anderen ende der welt anheizen .
the current boom has seen contagion within markets and across markets , as rising prices fuel popular excitement - and hence further price increases - in the same city , and then in other cities , even on the other side of the globe .
in the current boom , the increase in the number of markets and markets has taken place in the current boom , since increasing prices - and therefore further increases in prices - have first been heated within a city and then in other cities , even at the end of the world at the end of the world .
increasing prices , and thus further price increases - first within a city , and then in other cities , even at the end of the world at the end of the world , in other cities .

wenn befreite iraker über den 25-jährigen albtraum von saddams herrschaft berichten , dürfen wir nicht vergessen , wer diesen krieg unterstützte und wer nicht , wer glaubte , dass die moralische autorität der internationalen gemeinschaft in den plädoyers für mehr zeit für die un-waffeninspektoren lag , und wer gegen den , , regimewechsel &quot; auf die straße ging .
as free iraqis document the quarter-century nightmare of saddam &apos;s rule , we must not forget who supported this war and who did not , who held that the international community &apos;s moral authority was enshrined in pleas for more time for the un arms inspectors , and who marched against &quot; regime change &quot; .
we must not forget who supported this war and who believed that the moral authority of the international community was in the period of more time for the un inspectors , who were in favour of the united nations inspectors , and the regime , who were opposed to the arrest of the streets , we must not forget who supported this war , and who believed that the moral authority of the international community was calling for more than the un inspectors .
we must not forget those who supported this war and who did not believe that the moral authority of the international community was calling for more time for the un arms inspectors , and against those who were against the streets , against the miles on the 25-year-old age , we must not forget who supported this war and who did not support anyone who believed that the moral authority of the international community was calling for the international community &apos;s moral authority in the dose for more time for the un weapons inspectors , and who opposed the regime , on the contrary , on the streets .

seit der wahl , die die koalition der parteien von wolfgang schüssel und jörg haider in wien an die macht brachte , haben sich die beziehungen zwischen österreich und seinem nachbarn , der tschechischen republik , über dem streit um zwei angelegenheiten verschlechtert : die forderung , dass die tschechen das atomkraftwerk temelin an der österreichischen grenze schließen sollen und die widerrufung der benes-dekrete , die zur folge hatten , dass die sudetendeutschen aus tschechien deportiert wurden und sich hauptsächlich in bayern , aber auch in österreich niederließen .
since the election that brought the coalition of wolfgang schüssel &apos;s and jorg haider &apos;s parties to power in vienna , austria &apos;s relations with the <<unk>> boring czech republic have deteriorated over two issues : a demand that the czechs shutdown the temelin nuclear power plant on the austrian border , and revoke the benes decrees in which sudeten germans were deported from czechoslovakia and settled massively in bavaria but also in austria .
since the election , the coalition of the parties of wolfff and jörg haider in vienna , the relations between austria and its neighbours , the czech republic , the dispute over two matters : the call for the czechs to close the nuclear power station at the austrian border and the withdrawal of the decrees , which resulted in the fact that the suitability of the german republic of the czech republic and mainly in bavaria , but also in austria .
since the election , the coalition of the parties from the raff and mr putin made power in vienna , relations between austria and its neighbours , the czech republic , on the dispute about two matters : the call for the czechs to close the nuclear power station at the austrian border and to withdraw the bendess , who had led to the withdrawal of the suckler from the czech republic from the czech republic , and mainly in bavarian , but also in austria .

