ja ?
right ?
yes ?
yes ?

vielen dank .
thanks .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you very much .
thank you .
thank you .

aber es geht .
it is possible though .
but it goes .
but it &apos;s about it .

das ist schwer .
this is hard .
that &apos;s hard .
that &apos;s hard .

wir lieben unterhaltung .
we love entertainment .
we love entertainment .
we love entertainment .

das können wir machen .
we can do that .
we can do that .
we can do that .

was ist hier passiert ?
so what happens here ?
what happened here ?
what happened here ?

ich habe eine frage .
i &apos;ve got a question .
i have a question .
i have a question .

bg : danke .
bg : thank you .
bg : thank you .
bg : thank you .

sie sehen es sofort .
the first two theorems are logically correct .
you see it immediately .
you can see it immediately .

das ist aber kein schutz .
but that &apos;s not protection .
but that &apos;s not a protection .
but that &apos;s not a conservation .

es gibt aber noch etwas .
but there &apos;s another thing .
but there &apos;s something else .
but there &apos;s something else .

ich denke , eher nicht .
i don &apos;t think so .
i don &apos;t think more .
i think , rather than that .

es waren immer noch fische .
there were still fishes .
there were still fish .
it was still fish .

das sieht man da unten .
you can see this at the bottom .
you see that down there .
you can see that down there .

sie haben es wirklich geliebt .
they really loved it .
they really loved it .
they really loved it .

das war der beginn der reise .
so that started the journey .
that was the beginning of the journey .
this was the beginning of the journey .

was ist das für ein ding ?
and what is that thing ?
what is this for a thing ?
what is that for a thing ?

und ist ist die crux .
and here &apos;s the thing .
and it &apos;s the x .
and is the crux .

die geschichte ist noch nicht vorbei .
this is not a finished story .
the story is not over .
the story is not over yet .

sie haben so viel unsicherheit .
you have that much uncertainty .
they have so much uncertainty .
they have so much uncertainty .

mein name ist brian goldman .
my name is brian goldman .
my name is brian gold .
my name is brian goldman .

und das haben wir dann getan .
and so that &apos;s what we did .
and that &apos;s what we did .
and that &apos;s what we did .

welche lektionen haben wir gelernt ?
you know , what are the lessons learned ?
what leather have we learned ?
what have we learned ?

wir sind eine kleinere marke .
we are a smaller brand .
we &apos;re a smaller brand .
we &apos;re a smaller brand .

sie verkaufen zertifikate .
they sell certificates .
they sell certificate .
they sell certificate .

das ist wie beim sprechenlernen .
it &apos;s like learning to speak .
this is like learning during the weekend .
this is like learning .

also der erste schritt zu einer interpretation .
so the first step towards an interpretation .
so the first step is to take a interpretation .
so the first step to a interpretation .

ich nehme nicht den gleichen verlauf .
i don &apos;t take the same history .
i don &apos;t take the same thing .
i don &apos;t take the same lost .

hier ist eine beschreibung der straße .
here &apos;s a description of the road .
here &apos;s a description of the street .
here &apos;s a description of the road .

er war schon über sechzig .
he was over sixty at the time .
he &apos;s been on the sixth side .
he was already over six .

es geht um veränderbare normwerte .
and this is about shifting baseline .
it &apos;s about changing values .
it &apos;s about changing values .

björn sundin .
this is bjorn sundin .
bjn sin .
bjjelln .

das nebenprodukt ist sauberes wasser .
the side product is clean water .
the byproduct is cleaner water .
the side is clean water .

und die neugierde lässt sich nicht lernen .
and curiosity can &apos;t be learned .
and the curiosity can &apos;t learn .
and the curiosity doesn &apos;t learn .

... bedeutet also , nicht so optimistisch .
... meaning not so optimistic .
so ... so , not so optimistic .
so , you know , not so optimistic .

das hier ist &quot; welt ohne öl . &quot;
so , this is world without oil .
this is &quot; world without oil . &quot;
this is &quot; world without oil . &quot;

was dauert fünfundzwanzig millisekunden ?
what takes twenty-five milliseconds ?
what do you see fifteen milliseconds ?
what takes fifty million-million-milliseconds ?

&quot; sie haben sie nicht losgelassen . &quot;
&quot; you have not let it go . &quot;
&quot; they didn &apos;t let it go . &quot;
&quot; they didn &apos;t let them go . &quot;

denn jetzt können sie einen dreisatz anwenden .
you &apos;ll remember the rule of three from school .
because now you can apply a sentence .
because now you can apply a three-sentence .

es ist ein kleiner virus der bakterien tötet .
it &apos;s a small virus that kills bacteria .
it &apos;s a small virus that kills bacteria .
it &apos;s a little virus of bacteria .

es war ein zackenbarsch .
this was the sailfin grouper .
it was a grouper .
it was a zaceful .

reicht nicht die hälfte oder ein viertel ? &quot;
can &apos;t we just cut it in half or a quarter ?
does it not have half or a quarter ? &quot;
not half or half a quarter ? &quot;

und da gibt es einen zentralen punkt dabei .
and there &apos;s one central point here .
and there &apos;s a central place there .
and there &apos;s a central point of this .

eigentlich wollte <unk> kein virales video machen .
but he didn &apos;t actually set out to make a viral video , bear .
actually , it doesn &apos;t want to make any viral video .
in fact , it didn &apos;t want to make a viral video .

ich bin mir nicht sicher , wohin wir gehen .
i &apos;m not sure where we go .
i &apos;m not sure where we go .
i &apos;m not sure where we go .

ich wollte die gesundheit nach einer krankheit wiederherstellen .
i wanted to restore health from disease .
i wanted to restore the health of a disease .
i wanted to rebuild the health of a disease .

alles davon ist kompostierbar davon .
it &apos;s all compostable all of it .
all of this is composting .
all of this is compoable of it .

trotzdem scheinen wir damit ganz zufrieden zu sein .
and yet , we seem to be very comfortable .
however , we seem to be very satisfied .
yet , we seem to be very happy with it .

beschämend . beschämend .
disgraceful . disgraceful .
shame . complaint .
accessible . accumulating .

sie sind nun alle wieder auf ihrem weg zurück .
they &apos;re all on their way back underground now .
they &apos;re all back to their way back .
they &apos;re all back to their way back .

heute hat eine menge leute die regierung aufgegeben .
now a lot of people have given up on government .
today , a lot of people give the government .
today , a lot of people have given the government .

und diese argumentation ergibt keinen sinn .
and this is an argument , which doesn &apos;t make sense .
and that argument doesn &apos;t make sense .
and this argument is not a sense .

&quot; großartig &quot; , sagte ich . legte auf .
&quot; great , &quot; i said . got off the phone .
&quot; great , &quot; i said . put it on .
&quot; great , &quot; i said . i put on .

also zum thema des tages : finanzielles sparen .
so now for the topic of today : financial savings .
so for the theme of the day : financial save .
so for the theme of the day , financial save .

das ist eine tote schildkröte .
this is a dead turtle .
this is a dead turtle .
this is a dead turtle .

die flamingos fressen die garnelen .
the flamingos eat the shrimp .
the flamingos ears eat the garden .
the flgos eat the guarantees .

und sie fühlen ebenso ihre bewegungen und neigung .
and they can also sense their motion and tilt .
and they also feel their movements and tendency .
and they also feel their movements and their mobility .

so dass sie die ganze bewegung nachvollziehen können .
so you can reconstruct a whole movement .
so you can pull the whole movement forward .
so they can move the whole movement .

und die frage ist , warum haben sie nicht mehr ?
the question is , why don &apos;t they have more ?
and the question is , why don &apos;t you have more ?
and the question is , why don &apos;t you have more ?

und in diesem fall , sah es ein nachbar .
and in this case , a neighbor saw it .
and in this case , it saw a neighbor .
and in this case , it saw a neighbor .

jetzt machen wir das mit bohrern und maschinen .
now we do the same with drills and machines .
now we &apos;re doing this with drill machines and machines .
now we &apos;re doing this with drill and machines .

ich weiß nicht , wer von ihnen dieses bild kennt .
i don &apos;t know if any of you know this image .
i don &apos;t know who you know about this picture .
i don &apos;t know who you know this picture .

die erste frage ist , sind wir wirklich zu viele ?
the first question is , are there really too many of us ?
the first question is , are we really too many ?
the first question is , are we really too many ?

ich bin sehr dankbar für den empfang hier .
it &apos;s very gratifying to have this kind of reception here .
i &apos;m very grateful for the sake here .
i &apos;m very grateful for the stops here .

dadurch veränderte sich meine art , filme zu machen , komplett .
and it completely changed how i do movies .
so my way to make films completely .
it changed my way to make films completely , completely .

so bekam er die bürger dazu , sie zu überprüfen .
so he &apos;s getting citizens to check on them .
so he got the citizens to check them .
so he got the citizens to check them .

dann werden sie bemerken , dass es eine veränderung gegeben hat .
you will notice that a change has taken place .
then you &apos;ll notice that it has given change .
then you &apos;ll notice that there was a change .

also , es ist auch immer interessant zu wissen als designer .
so it &apos;s always interesting to know as a designer .
so , it &apos;s always interesting to know as designers .
so , it &apos;s always interesting to know as designers .

und weniger usable oder benutzungsfreundlich ist es .
and then it &apos;s less usable or user friendly .
and less usable or use of friendship is it .
and less usable or usable is it .

also die occupythesec-bewegung hat es getan .
so that &apos;s occupythesec movement has done .
so the tasmanian ecstatic movement has done it .
so this is the aside pyco-movement movement that &apos;s done .

ich nehme diese hand weg . und hier ist das messer .
i take this hand away . you give the knife out .
i take this hand . and here &apos;s the knife .
i take this hand . and here &apos;s the knife .

da da wird &apos; s schon eher zu meiner brille .
here here it &apos;s more likely to turn into my glasses .
that &apos;s where it &apos;s going to be , rather , my glasses .
there it &apos;s going to be more like my glasses .

wir hatten keine worte für das , was wir dort fingen .
and what we caught , we didn &apos;t have words for it .
we didn &apos;t have words for what we started there .
we didn &apos;t have words for what we started there .

also wenn klaus sagt , es gibt keine seele .
secondly , if he &apos;s right , then he doesn &apos;t have a soul .
so if you say , there &apos;s no soul .
so if sound says , there &apos;s no soul .

es war der fehlgeleitete kreuzzug gegen drogen .
it was this misguided war on drugs .
it was the failure of miserable drugs .
it was the error line against drugs .

anwalt : ich bin eine anwaltsmarke .
i &apos;m a lawyer brand .
lawyer : i &apos;m a lawyer .
lawyer : i &apos;m a lawyer .

tatsächlich basiert die fortschrittsgesellschaft auf energiefortschritten .
really advanced civilization is based on advances in energy .
in fact , the progress of energy is based on energy levels .
in fact , the progress society is based on energy progress .

wir werden es in der eröffnungssequenz des films zeigen .
we &apos;ll be using it in the opening of the film .
we &apos;re going to show it in the opening sequence of the film .
we &apos;re going to show it in the opening sequence of the film .

bruno giussani : vielen dank . danke .
bruno giussani : thank you . thanks .
brungio sani : thank you very much . thank you .
bruno giusi : thank you very much . thank you .

ich möchte nur kurz etwas über salatdressing sagen .
i want to say just a word about salad dressing .
i just want to say a little bit about salt dressing .
i just want to say a little bit about salatreshold .

dies sind die arten von fragen denen wir begegnen werden müssen .
these are the kinds of questions that we will have to face .
these are the kinds of questions that we need to be facing .
these are the kinds of questions we need to meet .

ich meine , fragen wir uns : warum bekämpfen wir das ?
i mean , let &apos;s ask ourselves : why are we fighting it ?
i mean , we &apos;re asking ourselves , why are we fighting this ?
i mean , we ask : why are we fighting this ?

2010 hatten wir so gerade unter zwei milliarden menschen online miteinander verbunden .
in 2010 , we had just short of two billion people online , connected .
in 2010 , we had just connected between two billion people online .
in 2010 , we had just connected to two billion people online .

nun , wohin sollen wir gehen : was ist der richtige ansatz ?
now , how we &apos;re going to go forward on this -- what &apos;s the right approach ?
now , where are we going to go , what &apos;s the right approach ?
now , where should we go : what is the right approach ?

diesen trick können sie ihren freunden und nachbarn vorführen . danke .
there is a trick you can do for your friends and neighbors . thanks .
that trick can lead you to your friends and neighbors . thank you .
this trick you can do your friends and neighbors . thank you .

die können sie wegschmeißen , wo sie gehen und stehen .
you can throw it anywhere you want .
they can throw out the scissors , where they go and stand .
they can throw away away where they go and stand .

es gibt hierfür den ein direktes rücknamesystem .
there &apos;s the a direct returning system for this .
there &apos;s a direct back to this .
there &apos;s a direct reform of namesynaming system .

ich wusste , dass sie gekommen war , um sich zu verabschieden .
i knew she had come to say goodbye .
i knew she &apos;d come up to be able to get there .
i knew she was born to give up .

die worte , so lange seine freunde , spotteten nun seiner .
words , for so long his friends , now mocked him .
the words , for so long , his friends , were spooked now .
the words , so long his friends , spoken his friends now .

er ist ganz glücklich darüber , weil er sie getäuscht hat .
he &apos;ll be very happy because he &apos;s deceived you .
he &apos;s very happy about this because he deceived it .
he &apos;s very happy about it , because he &apos;s given her .

<unk> sehe ich so aus als könnte ich gerade einen song aufschreiben ?
&quot; do i look like i can write down a song right now ?
am i seeing as if i could write a song ?
so , i look like i could just write a song ?

wir fanden das im hinblick auf das glück des erlebenden selbst .
we found that with respect to the happiness of the experiencing self .
we found that in terms of happiness .
we found this in the view of happiness itself .

autofarben , außenfarbe des autos -- ich habe 56 möglichkeiten .
car colors , exterior car colors -- i &apos;ve got 56 choices .
car colors , the outside of the car -- i have 56 options .
autocolors , foreign color of cars -- i have 56 options .

innovation , kreativität , und entwicklung kommen nicht nur aus unseren köpfen .
innovation , creativity , development comes not from the ideas in our mind alone .
innovation , creativity and development is not just from our minds .
innovation , creativity , and development is not just from our heads .

lassen sie uns schnell zum moma springen , wieder in new york .
so now let &apos;s just quickly jump into the moma , again in new york .
let &apos;s jump fast to the moma , back in new york .
let &apos;s jump quickly to moma , again in new york .

sprecher 6 : gesellschaftlicher verfall . sprecher 7 : 65 tote .
societal decay . 65 dead .
six : civic speakers . seven : 65 deaths .
six : social incidence . speaker 7 : 65 deaths .

das hat eigentlich erst zweitausend acht wirklich form angenommen , diese diese netzwerke .
these these networks didn &apos;t really take form until two thousand eight .
it &apos;s actually just taken two thousand form , and this networks , this networks .
it &apos;s actually only about two thousand really forms , these networks .

ein paar . wahrscheinlich etwa so viele wie es kreative leute hier gibt .
a few . probably about as many as there are creative people here .
a couple of . probably about as many as there are creative people here .
a few . probably as many as there are creative people here .

nun , die beiden arten des selbst werfen zwei begriffe vom glück auf .
now , the two selves bring up two notions of happiness .
now , the two ways of throwing two terms of happiness in happiness .
well , the two types of self throw two terms from happiness .

in vielen gegenden mussten menschen angst vor lynchmobs haben ,
in many communities , people had to worry about being lynched .
in many areas , people had to be afraid of lyncha , mobs .
in many ways , people had to fear of lynmobs .

das ist jetzt sogar live im internet . sie können es nachprüfen .
this is actually live on the web now ; you can go check it out .
now this is even live on the internet . you can check it out .
this is actually live in the internet . they can test it .

wenn wir also etwas mit den städten machen , ist das eine große sache .
so if we &apos;re able to do something with cities , that &apos;s a big deal .
so if we do something with the cities , that &apos;s a big deal .
so if we do something with the cities , that &apos;s a big thing .

eine heißt &quot; jazz &quot; und die andere heißt &quot; swing &quot; .
one is called &quot; jazz &quot; and the other one is called &quot; swing . &quot;
one is called jazz , and the other is called &quot; sword . &quot;
one is called &quot; jazz , &quot; and the other is called &quot; swator . &quot;

der mensch soll vom affen abstammen oder einen gemeinsamen vorfahren haben .
that the human descended from apes and we have a shared ancestor .
man is supposed to have a common ancestry or a common ancestry .
the man is supposed to have a common ancestry or a common ancestor .

sie haben ihr telefon gemietet . sie haben es nicht gekauft . <unk>
you rented your phone . you didn &apos;t buy it .
they rented their phone . they didn &apos;t buy it .
they rented their phone . they didn &apos;t buy it .

man lernt praktisch zuerst das lesen , bevor man nur ein nur ein wort spricht .
you practically first learn to read before you speak an a word .
you &apos;re learning to read the first thing before you &apos;re just a word .
you &apos;re actually learning about reading before you &apos;re just talking a word .

ich brauche das nicht sagen , aber impfstoffe sind unentbehrlich .
i don &apos;t need to say this , but vaccines are essential .
i don &apos;t need that , but vaccines are inappropriate .
i don &apos;t need that , but vaccines are undisappointed .

okay . jeder der bereit ist , gary &apos; s angebot anzunehmen .
okay . anybody who &apos;s ready to take him up on his offer .
okay . everybody &apos;s ready , gary offer .
okay . everybody &apos;s ready to take gary comments .

dieses bild ist aber in wirklichkeit komplett zusammengesetzt , aus fotos von verschiedenen orten .
but this image is actually entirely composed of photographs from different locations .
but this picture is actually completely wrapped up , from different pictures of places .
but this picture is actually completely put together from photographs of different places .

jetzt gibt es 10.000 parodien von &quot; friday &quot; bei youtube .
and now there are 10,000 parodies of &quot; friday &quot; on youtube .
now there are 10,000 parodians from &quot; density &quot; at youtube .
now there are 10,000 parodians from &quot; friday &quot; on youtube .

und ich sage den leuten immer dass ich nicht wie ein wissenschaftler daher kommen will .
and i always tell people that i don &apos;t want to show up looking like a scientist .
and i always tell people that i don &apos;t want to get a scientist like this .
and i always tell people that i don &apos;t want to get a scientist .

diese zentrifugen in iran sind aufgeteilt in 15 sogenannte ebenen .
these centrifuges in iran are subdivided into 15 , what is called , stages .
these futures in iran are divided into 15 levels .
these centuries in iran are divided in 15 india .

enden sind sehr , sehr wichtig und in diesem fall dominierte das ende .
endings are very , very important and , in this case , the ending dominated .
end is very , very important , and in this case , the end was dominating .
it &apos;s very , very important , and in this case , dominated the end .

sie könnten versuchen die kapazität der bereits existierende wohnungen zu erweitern .
you could try and expand the capacity by doing additions on all the existing apartments .
you could try to extend the capacity of existing existing existing apartments .
you could try to expand the capacity of existing existing existing housing .

dort sind effekte , die man live verändern kann , wie z.b. hall und filter .
there are effects that you can control live , like reverb and filter .
there are effects that you can change live on , such as filters and filters .
there are effects that you can change live , like hall and filter .

und , anstatt sich einfach nur in informationen zu bewegen , können wir wissen daraus bekommen .
and , instead of dealing just with information , we can tease out knowledge .
and instead of just getting it in information , we can get it out of it .
and , instead of just moving into information , we can get out of it .

nun in der praxis werden menschen nicht auf ihre chromosome getestet .
now in practice they don &apos;t actually test people for their chromosomes .
now in practice , people are not being tested on their chromosomes .
now in practice , people are not tested on their chromosomes .

aber nachdenken auf eine art und weise , die in unser eigenes leben integriert ist .
but thinking about them in a way that is integrated in our own lives .
but thinking in a way that is integrated in our own lives .
but thinking in a way that &apos;s integrated in our own life .

nun kann ich alle ihre fragen beantworten und ihnen eine ausfühliche fassung geben .
so now i can answer any of your questions and give you the five-cent tour .
now , i can answer all of your questions , and give you an excerpt .
now , i can all answer your questions and give you an extent .

ich würde meinen arm säubern und ihnen zeigen , dass da keine wunden sind .
i would clean off my arm , and i would show you that there are no wounds .
i would show you my arm and show you that there &apos;s no rocket .
i would show you my arm and show you that there are no rebels .

und diese beiden welten knallen gerade aufeinander , neues und altes denken .
and these two worlds , the old and the new ways of thinking , are clashing with each other at the moment .
and those two worlds were all happening together , new and old thinking .
and these two worlds just come up with each other , new and alert thinking .

der könig von siam jedoch bekam aluminium-besteck .
but the king of siam , he was fed with aluminum utensils .
but the king of side-by-ness has been aluminum .
but the king of sidewalk got aluminum steam .

man studiert die werke , die er vorher und nachher komponiert hat .
you study works that have been composed before or after .
you study the works before and you compose composers .
you study the works that he &apos;s composed before and afterwards .

wir erzählten ihr geschichten und versicherten ihr , dass wir noch bei ihr waren .
we told her stories and assured her that we were still with her .
we told her stories and insurance that we were still in her .
we told her stories and ensure that we were still in her .

und jetzt verbinde ich den filter noch mit dem bass ; für etwas mehr ausdruck .
and now i &apos;ll attach the filter to the bass for some more expression .
and now i &apos;m going to do the filter with the bass , for something more expression .
and now i &apos;m going to do the filter with the bass ; for some more expression .

sie ist nahe der mündung des flusses guadalquivir .
it &apos;s at the tip of the guadalquivir river .
it &apos;s the nearest flame of the river guadold .
it &apos;s close to the waste of the flusalavian .

oder vielleicht sind sie einer von denen die sich schon immer nach mehr kreativität sehnten .
or perhaps you &apos;re one of those who &apos;s always yearned for more creativity .
or maybe you &apos;re one of those who has always been looking for more creativity .
or maybe you &apos;re one of the ones that &apos;s always been looking for more creativity .

im wesentlichen kam der grund des meeres auf deck und wurde dann zurückgeworfen .
essentially the bottom of the sea came onto the deck and then was thrown down .
and basically the bottom of the ocean was thrown back on deck and then returned back .
basically , the reason that the ocean came back to deck , and then was thrown back .

unserer stimmbänder zu zum singen , unserer hände und füße zum tanzen .
we use our vocal chords to to sing , and our hands and feet to dance .
our voyage to sing , our hands and dance to the dancing .
our bears to sing the hands , our hands and feet to dance .

sie reden darüber , sie überlegen , wie es aussehen wird , sie rangeln um macht ,
they talk about it , they figure out what it &apos;s going to look like , they jockey for power .
you talk about how it &apos;s going to look like it &apos;s going to look at it .
they &apos;re talking about how it &apos;s going to look like it &apos;s going to look at power .

als sie in 100 arten kamen , verdammt , eine von ihnen hätte perfekt sein sollen ,
when they came in 100 flavors , damn it , one of them should &apos;ve been perfect .
when they came to 100 species , damn , should they be perfect .
when they came to 100 species , damn , one of them should have been perfect .

oder das , was ich mir heute vorstell , weil was sie sich gedacht haben könnten .
or anything that i imagine because they might have thought .
or what i &apos;m going to do today , because what you might have thought about .
or what i &apos;m thinking about today , because what you might have thought .

dies ist ein projekt mit dem namen photosynth , das wirklich zwei verschiedene technologien miteinander verbindet .
this is a project called photosynth , which really marries two different technologies .
this is a project that connects photosynth , which really connects two different technologies to each other .
this is a project called photosynth , which really connects two different technologies .

sind sie etwas , das ein wenig ruhiger , reservierter , konservativer ist ?
are you something that &apos;s a little more calm , reserved , conservative ?
are they something that a little quiet , reserve , conservative , conservative ?
are you something that &apos;s a little quiet , reservative , conservatives ?

sie verstehen nicht , dass diese dinge gleich zu sein scheinen , aber fast nie das selbe sind .
they don &apos;t understand that these things seem the same , but they &apos;re almost never the same .
they don &apos;t understand that these things seem the same , but almost never the same .
they don &apos;t understand that these things seem to be the same , but almost never the same .

da antworte ich , aber sicher können sie doch sagen , ob es ihnen gefällt oder nicht .
then my answer is , but i &apos;m sure you can say whether you like it or not .
and i said , &quot; well , i &apos;m sure you can say whether you like it or not .
and i said , but i &apos;m sure you can tell if you like it or not .

als jeder von ihnen in diesem raum geboren wurde , wurden auf der erde 6000 sprachen gesprochen .
when each of you in this room were born , there were 6,000 languages spoken on the planet .
when everybody was born in this room , they were talked to the earth at 6,000 languages .
as every one of you was born in this room , on earth 6,000 languages were talked about .

in diesem fall müssen wir aber vollgas geben und ein wunder in sehr kurzer zeit bekommen .
this is a case where we actually have to drive at full speed and get a miracle in a pretty tight timeline .
but in this case , we have to give gas and a miracle in very short time .
but in this case , we need to be able to give natural gas and get a miracle in very short time .

es ist sicher sinnvoll , weniger schädlich zu sein , was ölverbrauch angeht .
it certainly makes sense to cause less damage when it comes to the use of oil .
it &apos;s safe to be less harmful to do what oil consumption is about .
it &apos;s safe to be less intimidating , which is oil use .

und wenn es wahr ist , dann müssen wir verhindern , dass die menschen kenntnis davon erlangen .
and if it is , we should prevent people from finding out about it .
and if it &apos;s true , we need to prevent the people from memory .
and if it &apos;s true , then we need to prevent the people of this .

ich spreche eher über eine plattform für menschen , sich selbst zu helfen und um anderen zu helfen .
i &apos;m just talking about a platform for people to help themselves and to help others .
i &apos;m more talking about a platform for people to help themselves and to help other people .
i &apos;m more likely to talk about a platform for people to help themselves and help others .

es ist warm , es dunkel ist , ist es feucht , es ist sehr gemütlich .
it &apos;s warm , it &apos;s dark , it &apos;s moist , it &apos;s very cozy .
it &apos;s warm , it &apos;s dark , it &apos;s moist , it &apos;s very vegetable .
it &apos;s warm , it &apos;s dark , it &apos;s fire , it &apos;s very vegetable .

das heißt , unsere ganze intelligenz bedeutet , dass wir dümmer als bäume sein wollen , ja ?
that means our entire intelligence amounts to us wanting to be more stupid than trees , you see ?
that is , our whole intelligence means that we want to be forest as trees , right ?
that means our whole intelligence means that we want to be as a trees , yes ?

manchmal , wenn ich zeit mit ihr verbringen wollte , war es schwer , ihre aufmerksamkeit zu erlangen .
and sometimes when i would go and spend time with her , it would be difficult to get her time and attention .
sometimes if i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her attention .
sometimes when i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her attention .

als er mich sah , kam er zu mir herüber und sagte : » wer sind sie ? «
when this man saw me , he came over to me and he said , &quot; who are you ? &quot;
when he saw me , he came over and said , &quot; who are you ? &quot;
when he looked at me , he came to me and said , &quot; who are you ? &quot;

ich möchte nun darüber reden was das sein könnte , dieser übergang in dem wir uns momentan befinden .
so what i would like to talk about is what that could be , what that transition could be that we &apos;re going through .
so i &apos;d like to talk about what this might be , this transition space that we &apos;re currently in right now .
now , i want to talk about what this might be , this transition in which we &apos;re right now .

die grauen boxen , die sie hier sehen , das sind echtzeit-kontrollsysteme .
the gray boxes that you see , these are real-time control systems .
the gray boxs you see here are the real-time control systems .
the crux boxes that you see here are real control systems .

denn der übergang scheint sehr , sehr verwirrend zu sein , wenn man sich mitten drin befindet .
because the transition seems very , very confusing when we &apos;re right in the middle of it .
because the transition seems very , very confusing to be , when you &apos;re in the middle of it .
because the transition seems to be very , very confused when you &apos;re in the middle .

und dies ist es , was uns darauf brachte über das folgende projekt nachzudenken , das ich ihnen jetzt zeige .
and this is what led us to think about the following project i &apos;ll show you now .
and this is what brought us to thinking about the following project that i &apos;m going to show you now .
and this is what made us think about the following project that i &apos;m going to show you now .

mehr als alles , alles andere , ist mein einziges ziel im leben , ein guter vater zu sein .
above all , above all , the only goal i have in life is to be a good dad .
more than anything , everything else , my only goal in life is to be a good father .
more than everything , everything else , my only goal in life is to be a good father .

und ich habe einige dinge festgestellt , die epische siege in online-welten so möglich machen .
and i started to notice a few things that make epic wins so possible in online worlds .
and i &apos;ve noticed some things that are going to be able to do in online worlds .
and i found some things that make the episode in online worlds so possible .

sie wurde um 1880 geboren und die erfahrung der sklaverei formte ihr weltbild sehr stark .
she was born in the 1880 &apos;s and the experience of slavery very much shaped the way she saw the world .
she was born around 1880 , and the experience of slavery had their world picture very , very strong .
she was born in 1880 , and the experience of slavery was very strong in the world .

hier können , denke ich , die kunst und der film vielleicht die lücke füllen , sowie simulationen .
there i think that the arts and film can perhaps fill the gap , and simulation .
here , i think the art and the movie may be to fill the gap , but also simulations .
here , i think , the art and the film may be able to fill the gap , and simulations .

klimaskeptiker : haben sie ein oder zwei sätze für die , um sie vielleicht zu überzeugen ?
climate skeptics : if you had a sentence or two to say to them , how might you persuade them that they &apos;re wrong ?
stereotyped masking , did you have one or two sentences to convince you ?
climate change mask : do you have one or two sentences for you to convince them ?

und sie können das leiden tibets nicht verstehen , wenn sie es nicht auf unterster ebene erlebt haben .
and you cannot understand the pain of tibet until you move through it at the ground level .
and you can &apos;t understand the suffering unless you &apos;ve experienced it at the lower level .
and you can &apos;t understand the suffering if you haven &apos;t seen it on the bottom level .

das hier ist wirklich mein fleisch . es ist nicht damians spezielles gezüchtetes fleisch .
this is really my flesh . this is not damian &apos;s special-grown flesh .
this is actually my meat . it &apos;s not the steam of drunk meat .
this is really my meat . it &apos;s not steians specialized meat .

das einzige , was ich getan habe , ist die reihenfolge zu verändert in der diese information präsentiert wird .
the only thing that i have done is i have varied the order in which that information is presented .
the only thing i &apos;ve done is to change the order of this information .
the only thing i did is to change the sequence of this information .

am ende eines jeden tags kochte ich einen riesigen topf suppe , den wir uns teilten .
at the end of each day , i made a huge pot of soup which we all shared .
at the end of a pocket , i cook a giant soup that we shared .
at the end of one day , i cook a huge topic soup that we shared .

und das nächste puzzlestück handelt von vier frauen in drei generationen , die sich zusammen ein neues leben aufbauen .
and the next piece of the jigsaw is about four women across three generations shaping a new life together .
and the next piece of puzzled by four women in three generations who build a new life .
and the next puzzle is about four women in three generations that build together a new life .

das hört sich sehr spacig an und hört sich sehr nach science-fiction an , ich weiß .
we had the age of feudalism , we have had the machine age and we are now stepping into the so-called cyber age .
this sounds very rough and sounds like very science-fiction , i know .
that sounds very space-time , and it sounds very much for science fiction , i know .

denn die lektion , die ich selber diese woche versuche zu lernen ist , dass es okay ist , los zu lassen .
because the lesson i &apos;m trying to learn myself this week is that it &apos;s okay to let go .
because the lesson that i &apos;m trying to learn this week is that it &apos;s okay to let it go .
because the lesson that i &apos;m going to learn to learn this week is that it &apos;s okay to let go .

verwenden wir diese entscheidungen eine gesellschaft zu formen , die besser ist , die erfolgreicher ist , die freundlicher ist ?
will we use these choices to make a society that is better , that is more successful , that is kinder ?
do we use these decisions to shape society that is better , is the successful one that is friendly ?
do we use these decisions to form a society that &apos;s better , the successful is , the friendly ?

und auch die haben -- obwohl es toll ist , dass sie keinen brennstoff brauchen -- sie haben einige nachteile .
and they actually -- although it &apos;s great they don &apos;t require fuel -- they have some disadvantages .
and also , even though it &apos;s great that you don &apos;t need focal fuel -- you &apos;ve got some parts .
and also the ones -- although it &apos;s great that they don &apos;t need a fuel -- they have some parts .

also haben wir das erinnernde selbst und das erlebende selbst , und sie sind wirklich ziemlich verschieden .
so we have the remembering self and the experiencing self , and they &apos;re really quite distinct .
so we have the memory itself , and the living self , and they &apos;re really quite different .
so we have the memory itself and the life of life itself , and they &apos;re really quite different .

sicherlich würde ich ja niemals eine außerirdische welt mit einem raumschiff erreichen . das schien mir ziemlich unwahrscheinlich .
i might not really go to an alien world on a spaceship someday -- that seemed pretty darn unlikely .
certainly , i would never achieve an alien world with a spaceship , which probably seemed to me .
certainly i would never do an alien world with a spaceship , which seemed pretty unlikely to me .

echinacea , ein kleines antioxidantium , das ihnen auf die sprünge hilft .
echinacea , a little antioxidant to get you going .
echinese eaca , a little antioxidant to help you on the springs .
china eaceacean , a little antioxitium that helps you to help you on the leap .

sie haben die demografie der erde auf eine weise neu geformt , wie es kein krieg je geschafft hat .
it reshaped the demography of the globe in a way that no war ever has .
they have reinterminated the demographic of the earth in a way that no war has ever done .
they &apos;ve reformed the demographics of the earth in a way that no war has ever done .

die idee ist also , dass wir tatsächlich die menschen mit einbeziehen , in dem sie dinge zusammen , kollektiv tun .
so the idea that we can actually involve people in doing this thing together , collectively .
so the idea is that we actually include people with the people in which they do things together , collectively .
so the idea is that we actually include people with things that they do together , collective .

fanden sie einen artikel mit falschem gedankengut , konnten sie den urheber dieser gedanken aufspüren .
if they found a paper which had the wrong kind of thought , they could track down who created that thought .
they found a paper that was wrong about snake , and they could detect the creator of this thoughts .
they found an article with false , they could feel the copyright of this thought .

und wir erweisen unseren kindern keinen gefallen , wenn wir ihnen das gefühl geben , dass sie sich nicht anpassen können .
and we do a disservice to our kids when we make them feel that they &apos;re not equipped to adapt .
and we don &apos;t like our children , if we give them the feeling that they can &apos;t adapt .
and we don &apos;t like our kids , if we give them the feeling that they can &apos;t fit .

wir sind hier auf dieser linie , in einem übergang von der bisherigen welt zu einer neuen art von welt .
we &apos;re sort of on this line in a transition from the way the world used to be to some new way that the world is .
we &apos;re here on this line , in a transition of the world , to a new kind of world .
we &apos;re here on this line , in a transition from the world to a new kind of world .

aber nicht nur irgendeine mission , sondern eine mission , die perfekt zu ihrem aktuellen level im spiel passt , richtig ?
but not just any mission , it &apos;s a mission that is perfectly matched with your current level in the game . right ?
but not just any mission , but a mission to fit its perfect level in the game right ?
but not just any mission , but a mission to fit perfectly on your current level in the game , right ?

wenn wir inder damals reisen wollten , sprangen wir in einen wagen und schwirrten über den himmel .
so back in the day , when us indians wanted to travel we &apos;d jump into a chariot and we &apos;d zoom across the sky .
if we wanted to travel back then , we jumped into a car and swirling over the sky .
when we wanted to travel at the time , we jumped into a car , and we flipped over the sky .

wenn ich das einmal gesehen habe , dass das dass da ein dalmatiner drin ist , dann wissen sie das .
once you &apos;ve seen that that that you can see a dalmatian in this , you know it .
once i saw that , i saw that there &apos;s a dalmatiner in there , you know .
if i saw that this , that there &apos;s a dalmaid in there , you know that .

er sprach über unsichtbare dämonen und rauch und darüber , wie ihn jemand im schlaf vergiften wollte .
and he was talking about invisible demons and smoke , and how someone was poisoning him in his sleep .
he talked about invisible monsoon and smoke , and he talked about how someone wanted to sleep in the sleep .
he was talking about invisible monkeys and rings and about how somebody wanted him to sleep in sleep .

wäre ich in wirklichkeit ein egoist gewesen , dann hätte ich sie auf ein virus geschrieben und in den raum freigegeben .
if i had really been a egotist , i would have put it into a virus and released it in the room .
if i was actually a goeback , then i would have written them on a virus and put it in the room .
i would have been in fact a gogue , then i would have written it on a virus and released it in the room .

unser organismus hat eine großartige methode erfunden , um solche unangenehmen gefühle wie neid einfach zum verschwinden zu bringen .
our organism has come up with an excellent method to make unpleasant feelings like envy simply disappear .
our organism was invented a great way to make such an anemic feelings like simply disappear .
our organism has invented a great way to get these ungenetic feelings like neither just to disappear .

denn tastemaker wie jimmy kimmel stellen uns neue und interessante dinge vor und zeigen sie einem großen publikum .
because tastemakers like jimmy kimmel introduce us to new and interesting things and bring them to a larger audience .
because tastefan like jimmy kimjimmy , shows us new things and interesting things , and they show a big audience .
because tasteam like jimmy kimmula , imagine us new things and interesting things , and show you a big audience .

wohin sie auch gehen , hunderttausende von leuten , die mit ihnen zusammenarbeiten , um ihre epische mission abzuschließen .
everywhere you go , hundreds of thousands of people ready to work with you to achieve your epic mission .
so where you go , hundreds of thousands of people working with you are working together to close your episode .
where they go , hundreds of thousands of people working together with them to close their episode mission .

sie bauten diese komplizierte folge von kanälen , und sie drängten wasser aus dem land heraus und hinaus in den fluss .
they built this intricate series of canals , and they pushed water off the land and out into the river .
they built these complicated series of channels , and they urged water from the land and out in the river .
they built this complicated sequence of channel , and they put water out of the country and out of the river .

was ist leben ? es ist etwas , wovon ich glaube , dass viele biologen versucht haben zu verstehen und das auf unterschiedlichen ebenen .
&quot; what is life ? &quot; is something that i think many biologists have been trying to understand at various levels .
what is life ? it &apos;s something i believe that many biologists have tried to understand , and that in different levels .
what is life ? it &apos;s something that i think many biologists have tried to understand and to understand that in different levels .

er wurde von innen erhellt und von unten erhellt und alles erhellte sich durch ein göttliches feuer .
he would be lit from within , and lit from below and all lit up on fire with divinity .
he &apos;s been beaten up from the inside , and he &apos;s bearing down , and it &apos;s all beilled through a divine fire .
he was tortured by the inside of the bottom , and everything was filled with a divine fire .

denn ich glaube nicht , es sagt jemand , ich weiß nicht , ob &apos; s mir schmeckt , weil ich nicht kochen kann .
because i don &apos;t think anyone will say , i don &apos;t know whether i like the taste , because i can &apos;t cook .
because i don &apos;t believe it , somebody says i don &apos;t know if i taste it because i can &apos;t cook it .
because i don &apos;t think somebody says i don &apos;t know if i &apos;m going to taste , because i can &apos;t cook .

es gäbe die möglichkeit in einer stadt zu leben , die in honduras wäre , anstatt hunderte von kilometern entfernt im norden .
there would be a choice of a city which you could go to which could be in honduras , instead of hundreds of miles away in the north .
it was the opportunity to live in a city that was in honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away in the north .
there would be a way to live in a city that would be in honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away from north .

und ja , ich habe sogar das haus oben auf der insel rot umgefärbt , um es schwedischer aussehen zu lassen .
and yeah , i even turned the house on top of the island red to make it look more swedish .
and yes , i even put the house up on the island of red island to make it look swedish .
and yes , i actually put the house up on the island of the island in red to let it look like swedish .

ein plan , amerika zurück zur arbeit zu bringen , uns sicherer zu machen und zu helfen , die globale erwärmung zu stoppen .
a plan to put america back to work , make us more secure , and help stop global warming .
a plan to bring back to america , to make us safer , to help us stop the global warming .
a plan to bring america back to work , help us make sure and help stop global warming .

eine milliarde -- das ist mehr als je zuvor -- aufgrund krasser ungleichheiten in der verteilung , nicht der gesamtproduktion .
one billion -- that &apos;s more than ever before -- because of gross inequalities in distribution , not tonnage .
one billion -- that &apos;s more than ever before -- because of the crashing unequal distribution in the distribution , not the total production .
one billion -- that &apos;s more than ever before -- because of krashes in the distribution of distribution , not the total production .

sie wurde ein goldener zugang zu einer welt voller piraten und verunglückter schiffe und zu bildern in meiner vorstellung .
it became a gilded gateway into a world full of pirates and shipwrecks and images in my imagination .
it became a gold rush of access to a world of resilience and unfortunate fortunes , and in my view , i think .
she became a goldener access to a world full of ears and unfortunate ships and images in my imagination .

mein heimatstaat alabama entzieht ihnen dauerhaft das wahlrecht , wenn sie strafrechtlich verurteilt werden .
my state of alabama , like a number of states , actually permanently disenfranchises you if you have a criminal conviction .
my home state alabama takes them the permanent , if they &apos;re sentenced by law .
my home state alabled you to the voting right when you &apos;re empowered .

und die krankenschwester dachte darüber nach und sagte in faktischer art , &quot; klar , ich denke es wird ihr gut gehen . &quot;
and the nurse thought about it and said very matter-of-factly , &quot; yeah , i think she &apos;ll do okay . &quot;
and the nurse thought about it and said in fake , &quot; yeah , i think it &apos;s going to be good . &quot;
and the nurse thought about it , and she said , &quot; yeah , i think it &apos;s going to be good . &quot;

und so ist das bilanzergebnis , dass es uns generell besser geht , objektiv , und wir uns schlechter fühlen .
and so the net result is that we do better in general , objectively , and we feel worse .
and so this is the certificate that it &apos;s going to make us better , objective , and we feel worse .
and so the billboard is that it &apos;s going to be generous , objective , objective , and we feel worse .

da gab es eine energie , einen unerbittlichen optimismus , eine seltsame mixtur der demut und des wagnisses .
there was an energy there , an implacable optimism , a strange mixture of humility and daring .
there was a energy , a bitter optimism , a strange mixture of the humiliation and the wagger .
there was a energy , an unbelievable optimism , a strange mixture of humility and the guilt .

während der pause kam ein polizeibeamter herein , den es störte , dass der hausmeister im gerichtssaal war .
and during the break there was a deputy sheriff who was offended that the janitor had come into court .
and during the break , a police officer came in , the championships that the hospital championship was in the courtroom .
during the break , a police officer came out of a dish that was the mayor in the court .

das macht jeder von ihnen die ganze zeit , aber er macht &apos; s unbewusst und ja quasi intuitiv oder teilweise auch instinktiv .
every one of you is doing this the whole time , but you &apos;re doing it unconsciously and , well , pretty intuitively and also instinctively in part .
it makes everyone of you the whole time , but it &apos;s power to unconsciously be intuitive , or partly instinctively .
that &apos;s what everybody &apos;s doing all the time , but he does it unconsciously unconscious and sort of intuitively intuitive or instinctively instinctive .

das sogenannte dauereis , fünf jahre alt oder älter , ist beinahe wie blut , welches aus dem körper hier herausfliesst .
the so-called permanent ice , five years old or older , you can see is almost like blood , spilling out of the body here .
the so-called thumbtum , five years old or older , is almost like blood , which is out of the body here .
the so-called ice ice ice , five years old or older , is almost like blood , which is out of the body here .

und uns fiel auch auf , dass sie sehr professionell konstruiert waren , von leuten , die offensichtlich alle insider- informationen zur verfügung hatten .
and we also saw that they are very professionally engineered by people who obviously had all insider information .
and we also noticed that they were very professional , by people who obviously had all the insight of information .
and we also noticed that they were very professional constructs , from people who had obviously all the insight -- had access to information .

es macht großen spaß , auf diese weise musik zu machen , und sie als das publikum haben dann erlebt , wie die musik lebendig kommuniziert .
it &apos;s great fun to make music in this way , and you as the audience experienced how music communicates in a lively way .
it &apos;s fun to do that in a way that music is to make it , and when you &apos;ve experienced the audience , like the music communicates .
it &apos;s much fun to make music in this way , and you &apos;ve experienced as the audience , how music communicates music .

ich sagte : » ich bin anwalt . « er sagte : » sie sind anwalt ? « ich sagte : » ja . «
i said , &quot; i &apos;m a lawyer . &quot; he said , &quot; you &apos;re a lawyer ? &quot; i said , &quot; yes , sir . &quot;
i said , &quot; i &apos;m a lawyer . &quot; he said , &quot; you &apos;re a lawyer ? &quot; i said , &quot; yes . &quot;
i said , &quot; i &apos;m a lawyer . &quot; he said , &quot; you &apos;re lawyer ? &quot; i said , &quot; yes . &quot;

also haben wir uns für das nächste weltrettende spiel ein größeres , höheres ziel gesteckt als nur ölknappheit .
so , for the next world-saving game , we decided to aim higher : bigger problem than just peak oil .
so , for the next pump , we have a greater game , we have higher than oil spills .
so we &apos;ve got to play for the next space game , a bigger , higher goal than just oil spill .

den aufruf an spieler , sich anzumelden , haben wir fast wie einen &quot; jerry-bruckheimer &quot; -film gestaltet .
we asked people to come online almost like a jerry bruckheimer movie .
the call to the players , the melting that we have almost like a &quot; jerry movie &quot; cartoon . &quot;
the phone call to the player , we &apos;ve created almost like a &quot; jerk hot hot hot hot &quot; film .

mein kreis begann damals in den 60ern an der high school in stow , ohio , wo ich die klassenschwuchtel war .
my circle began back in the &apos; 60s in high school in stow , ohio where i was the class queer .
my circle began in the &apos; 60s in high school , ohio , where i was gay .
my circle started in the &apos; 60s at high school in stolw , ohio , where i was the classrooms .

deshalb muss man , wenn man von diesen quellen abhängig ist , einen weg haben , die energie auch in zeiten wenn sie nicht verfügbar ist , zu bekommen .
and so , if you depend on these sources , you have to have some way of getting the energy during those time periods that it &apos;s not available .
so , if you have to depend on these sources , you have a way to get the energy in time , even if it &apos;s not available .
that &apos;s why you have to be dependent on these sources , have a way to get energy in times when it &apos;s not available .

und laut charles kenny ist die alphabetisierungsquote in den vergangenen 130 jahren von 25 % auf 80 % gestiegen .
and charles kenny that global literacy has gone from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years .
and according to charles ny , the definition of literacy is one in the past , 130 years of 125 percent up to 80 percent .
and charles kenny is the alphabetical government in the last 130 years from 25 percent to 80 percent .

die reichsten kapitalisten des letzten jahrhunderts , die imperatoren der erde , hätten sich niemals solche luxusgüter erträumen können .
the wealthiest robber barons of the last century , the emperors on this planet , could have never dreamed of such luxuries .
the richest chapter of the last century , the imperative of the earth , could never have dreamed of luxury .
the richest chapters of the last century , the imperative attributes of the earth would never have such a luxury of luxury .

i denke , das interessanteste ergebnis , das wir in der gallup umfrage gefunden haben ist eine zahl , die wir absolut nicht zu finden erwartet hatten .
i think the most interesting result that we found in the gallup survey is a number , which we absolutely did not expect to find .
i think the most interesting thing that we &apos;ve found in the gallup survey is a number that we didn &apos;t expect to find .
i think the most interesting result that we found in the gallup question is a number that we didn &apos;t expect .

laut herodotus wurde nach 18 jahren die hungersnot nicht besser . also beschloss der könig , ein letztes würfelspiel anzusetzen .
according to herodotus , after 18 years the famine wasn &apos;t getting better , so the king decided they would play one final dice game .
according to college , 18 years after the famine , the famine wasn &apos;t better . so the king decided to put a cube last game .
according to herootus , after 18 years , the famine was not better . so the king decided to put a last truck .

das sind die art von gedanken , die jemanden dazu bringen können , um 9 uhr morgens anzufangen , gin zu trinken . und das will ich nicht .
you know that &apos;s the kind of thought that could lead a person to start drinking gin at nine o &apos;clock in the morning , and i don &apos;t want to go there .
these are the kinds of thoughts that you can get someone to start at 9 a.m. in drinking , and i don &apos;t want to .
these are the kind of thoughts that can get someone to start to drink at 9 o &apos;clock in the morning , and i don &apos;t want to .

ihr habt auch tys kleines evolutionsbeispiel gesehen wo er ein bisschen evolution im &quot; convolution &quot; programm gezeigt hat , direkt vor euren augen .
and you saw ty &apos;s little evolutionary example where he sort of did a little bit of evolution on the convolution program right before your eyes .
you also have seen little celluum where he showed some evolution in the conscience program , right in front of his eyes .
you &apos;ve also seen tone little evolutionary example of evolution where he showed a little bit of evolution in congress in the conviction program , directly in front of your eyes .

es war ein schöner fisch , wohlschmeckend , gute konsistenz , gehaltvoll , ein bestseller auf der speisekarte .
it was a beautiful fish : flavorful , textured , meaty , a bestseller on the menu .
it was a nice fish , prosperity , good , consistent , full of sticks , a polar on the menu map .
it was a beautiful fish , well-being , good configuration , injured , a pollinators on the storage .

und er verbringt 2 wochen von dem gedanken verfolgt das er die möglichkeit verpasst hat , tag über tag , einen tollen parkplatz zu haben .
and he spends two weeks nagged by the idea that he is missing the opportunity , day after day , to have a great parking space .
and he spends two weeks from the thoughts that he trapped the opportunity , over a day , having a great parking lot .
and he takes two weeks from the thought he &apos;s followed the opportunity to have a day to have a great parking place .

nun , diese oberflächliche geschichte sagt mir nicht , dass wir alle antworten auf die herausforderungen haben , denen wir in den kommenden jahrtausenden gegenüber stehen .
now , that shallow history doesn &apos;t suggest to me that we have all the answers for all of the challenges that will confront us in the ensuing millennia .
now , this shallow story is not telling me that we all have answers to the challenges that we face in the coming years .
now , this sweeping story doesn &apos;t tell me that we all have answers to the challenges that we face in the years .

und so verglich ich was ich bekommen hatte zu dem was ich erwartete , und was ich hatte war enttäuschend in vergleich zu dem was ich erwartete .
and so i compared what i got to what i expected , and what i got was disappointing in comparison to what i expected .
and so i kind of got what i expected to get what i expected , and what i had been disappointed was compared to what i expected .
and so i got what i had to get to what i expected , and what i had been disappointed to what i expected .

dazu kommt , dass die ernährungs- , elektrizitäts- transport- und kommunikationskosten sich um ein vielfaches verringert haben .
add to that the cost of food , electricity , transportation , communication have dropped 10 to 1,000-fold .
that &apos;s where the food system comes from -- the power and transportation skills and communication costs have escaped a lot more .
and that comes to the nutrition , electricity , transportation transportation and communications costs around a lot of favor .

aber die wahrheit ist , dass wir uns verändern . natürlich sind wir von der herausforderung geprägt , egal ob sie physisch , emotional oder sogar beides ist
but , in fact , we are changed . we are marked , of course , by a challenge , whether physically , emotionally or both .
but the truth is that we change ourselves . of course , we are challenged by the challenge , whether it &apos;s physical , or even both of the challenge .
but the truth is that we &apos;re changing . of course , we &apos;re concerned about the challenge of the challenge , whether it &apos;s physical , or even more emotionally .

anthropolgen haben heraus gefunden , dass wir menschen von den mitgliedern unserer gesellschaft immer eines gefordert haben : nützlich zu sein und einen beitrag zu leisten .
anthropologists tell us that the one thing we as humans have always required of our community members is to be of use , to be able to contribute .
and what pollinators have found is that we &apos;ve always taken people from the members of our society to be useful : to be a contribution and to contribute .
pollinators have found that we used people from the members of our society to be useful : to be useful and contributing to a contribution .

es ist notwendig , seine eigenen erlebnisse und idee der musik zu haben , um es dann über eine weitere möglichkeit , also über ein instrument , zum klingen zu bringen .
it &apos;s necessary to have one &apos;s own experiences and idea of music to then make it resonate through a further possibility , which is an instrument .
it &apos;s necessary to have its own experiences and the idea of music to get it over another way , so we can get another instrument to sound .
it &apos;s necessary to have its own experience and the idea of music to get it over another way , so to get a instrument to make sound clear .

und wenn alles gut läuft , und ich bin sehr zuversichtlich , dann wird coca-cola diese technologie global in 206 ländern auf dem ganzen planeten anwenden .
and if that pans out , which i have every confidence it will , coca-cola will deploy this globally to 206 countries around the planet .
and if everything goes well , and i &apos;m very confident , then coca-cola will apply this technology to 206 countries around the planet .
and if everything goes well , and i &apos;m very embarrassed , coca-cola will apply this global technology in 206 countries all over the planet .

die letzten bilder die ich ihnen gern zeigen möchte , zeigen einen eisberg , den ich in kekertsuatsiak in grönland photographiert habe .
the last pictures i &apos;d like to show you are of an iceberg that i photographed in qeqetarsuaq , greenland .
the last pictures that i &apos;d like to show you is a ice mountain , which i &apos;ve been looking for in suatsics in greenland greenland .
the last pictures that i &apos;d like to show you is to show you a iceberg that i put in polar susiak in greenland in greenland .

und keine von diesen anlagen , wir haben jetzt über hundertfünzig gebaut in den letzten zwanzig jahren , keine von diesen anlagen wurde jemals sabotiert .
and none of these plots , and we &apos;ve built over one hundred fifty of them in the last twenty years , none of these plots was every sabotaged .
and none of these facilities , we &apos;ve now built over a hundred and a half thousand years into the last 20 years , none of these facilities have ever established .
and no one of these things , we &apos;ve now built over hundreds of 20 years in the last 20 years , not from these anesthesia .

sie hat einen megawatt leistung und kann sechs stunden lang diese leistung bringen und das ist die batterie , die wir sozusagen simulationstechnisch rausbekommen haben .
it has a megawatt output and can keep up that output for six hours and it &apos;s the battery that we came up with in the technical simulation .
it has a megawatt-power , and it can get six hours of this performance , and that &apos;s the battery that we &apos;ve got to simulate the simulations of the simulations .
she &apos;s got a megawatts , and she can bring six hours to this performance , and that &apos;s the battery that we have , sort of , sort of , simulate .

diese diesen verweis darauf , dass im innersten der bub schon wusste , dass er eigentlich mit dem feuer verwandt ist , aber dass er das nicht laut sagen kann .
here you have the censor between the unconscious and the conscious , which switches on immediately before you can do anything about it , and which shapes things you know look very different in such a way that they might sound a lot better for you and others .
this prospect of the fact that in the first book , the bub knew that it &apos;s actually related to the fire , but it can &apos;t say it .
this is the idea that in the first of the bub , he knew that he &apos;s actually related to the fire , but he can &apos;t say it loud .

aber wir werden nicht nur die marke x als titelsponsor haben , sondern wir werden sicher stellen , dass wir jede mögliche kategorie im film verkaufen werden .
but not only are we going to have the brand x title sponsor , but we &apos;re going to make sure we sell out every category we can in the film .
but we &apos;re not only going to have the brand x as a cover sponsor , but we &apos;re going to make sure that we &apos;re going to sell every category in the film .
but we &apos;re not only going to have the brand as a title sponsor , but we &apos;re going to make sure that we &apos;re going to sell every possible category in the movie .

sie hatten über 75 verschieden sorten olivenöl , inklusive denen , die in kästen eingeschlossen waren , die von tausend jahre alten olivenbäumen kamen .
they had over 75 different kinds of olive oil , including those that were in a locked case that came from thousand-year-old olive trees .
they had over 75 different varieties of olive oil , including those who were locked into boxes , which came from a thousand years from now .
they had over 75 different kinds of oil , including oil , including the checks that were closed in the box that came from a thousand years of old living trees .

anders als in den alteingesessenen mittelklassevororten , deren existenz mir vollkommen unbekannt war , gab es in footscray kein anspruchsdenken .
unlike the settled middle-class suburbs , whose existence i was oblivious of , there was no sense of entitlement in footscray .
other than in the old-fashioned classical suburbs , whose existence was completely unknown , there were no tragically thinking .
in other words , when in the old-class middle class , their existence was completely known to me , there was no more sophisticated thinking in ray scans .

ein land hat bereits angeboten seinen obersten gerichtshof zur verfügung zu stellen , als gericht für die entgültige berufung des dortigen gerichtlichen systems .
one country has already volunteered to let its supreme court be the court of final appeal for the new judicial system there .
a country has already offered his supreme court to provide court for the court cases of dissemination of the legal system .
a country has already offered his supreme court , to provide the court , as a court for the degradation of the local law system .

wenn man aber sehr billigen brennstoff hat , kann man ihn für 60 jahre befüllen -- denken sie an eine säule -- die sie vergraben , ohne die ganzen komplexitäten .
so , if you have very cheap fuel that you can put 60 years in -- just think of it as a log -- put it down and not have those same complexities .
but if you have very cheap stuff , you can put it up for 60 years -- think of a column that &apos;s buried without the whole complex .
but if you have very cheap fuel , you can fill it for 60 years -- think of a mammals -- which they dig them down without the whole complex .

seine aufgabe ist es , die bedingungen zu erschaffen , welche weniger als eine milliardstel sekunde nach beginn des universums existierten -- und das bis zu 600 millionen mal innerhalb einer sekunde .
its job is to recreate the conditions that were present less than a billionth of a second after the universe began , up to 600 million times a second .
its task is to create the conditions which are less than a billionth of a second after the universe -- and to 600 million times a second .
his job is to create the conditions that existed less than a billion steam after the beginning of the universe -- and to 600 million times within a second .

ja , das ist ja eine riesendebatte im moment , zubau vom kohlekraftwerken , weil wir sonst keine , oder gasturbinen , weil das nicht geht .
yes , this is a huge debate at the moment , additional construction of coal-burning power plants , because otherwise we wouldn &apos;t have , or gas turbines , because that &apos;s not possible .
yes , this is a giant debate in the moment , from coal mining , because we don &apos;t , or don &apos;t gaze , because it doesn &apos;t go .
yes , that &apos;s a huge debate at the moment , building the coal plant , because we don &apos;t have any , or stores , because that &apos;s not going to go .

und weil die regierung letztlich ihre kraft aus uns schöpft -- erinner dich an : &quot; wir das volk ? &quot; -- wie wir darüber denken , wird beeinflussen , wie dieser wandel geschieht .
and because government ultimately derives its power from us -- remember &quot; we the people ? &quot; -- how we think about it is going to effect how that change happens .
and because the government ultimately drives us -- remember , remember , &quot; we &apos;re doing the people ? &quot; -- how do we think about how this change happens .
and because the government finally comes from us -- remember , &quot; we &apos;re thinking about the people ? &quot; -- how do we think about how this change happens .

bisher wird in diskussionen immer versucht , diese insulaner , die machen sich autark , die haben ein eigenes kleines netz , das hat ja mit unserem verbund nichts zu tun .
up till now the following is always argued in discussions , these islanders are becoming self-sufficient , they have their own little network , which has nothing to do with our joint network .
so far in discussions always try to make these insula , which is the lane that has a little grid , and that has nothing to do with our connected and nothing to it .
now , in discussions , they &apos;re always trying to do these insulers that are going to have a little web that has a little web that has to do with our connected and nothing .

nun , das ist gut , abgesehen davon , dass paul herumläuft und über impfstoffe spricht und sagt , wie wertvoll sie sind , und dass die leute einfach aufhören sollten zu jammern .
well , it &apos;s good , except that paul goes around talking about vaccines and says how valuable they are and that people ought to just stop the whining .
now , this is good , except that paul &apos;s going to walk around and talk about vaccines and how valuable they are , and that &apos;s what people should just stop talking about .
well , that &apos;s good , except that paul &apos;s going around and talking about vaccines and says , what they &apos;re valuable , and that people should just stop listening .

das essen , das von einer köchin oder einem koch liebevoll gekocht wurde , muss gegessen werden und nicht nur angeschaut oder rezepte ausgetauscht .
one should eat the food that is lovingly cooked by a cook , not just look at it or pass on the recipe for it .
the food that &apos;s been eaten by a chef or a chef , needs to be eaten and not only cheated or digitized .
the food that was coined by a cochin or a cook , has to be eaten and not only have to be saved or refused .

dies sind zwei sehr unterschiedliche einheiten , das erlebende selbst und das erinnernde selbst , und die beiden zu verwechseln ist teil des durcheinanders des begriffs vom glück .
those are two very different entities , the experiencing self and the remembering self , and getting confused between them is part of the mess about the notion of happiness .
these are two very different units , the living self , and the memory of itself , and the advocacy , and the two of the change is different from the point of happiness .
these are two very different units , the living self and the memory itself , and the two to change is part of the intersection of happiness .

und ich ging wieder durch die selbe tortur von schande und selbstzweifel , fühlte mich befreit und ging züruck an die arbeit bis es wieder und wieder und wieder passierte .
and i went through the same period of shame and recriminations and felt cleansed and went back to work , until it happened again and again and again .
and i went back through the same torture of shame and self-doubt , i felt refreshing and went to the work and went back again and again .
and i went back through the same torture of shame and self-doubt , i felt very frozen , and i was going to grow up and back to work and back again .

tatsache ist , das sie objektiv betrachtet , beim ersten mal mehr informationen hatten , als beim zweiten mal , aber ich würde es wagen zu raten , dass sie es beim zweiten mal realer empfanden .
now in fact , you had objectively more information the first time around than the second time around , but i would venture to guess that you felt that it was more real the second time around .
in fact , if you look at the object , for the first time , there were more information than the second time , but i would tell you that it would be the second time recommendations .
the fact is that they looked at objects , for the first time , they had more information than the second time , but i would say it would be a cry that they found it in the second time .

und am tiefsten von allen , werden wir jemals in der lage sein , die weisheit zu entwickeln , und die weisheit meistern , die wir benötigen werden , um diese entscheidungen weise zu treffen ?
and most profoundly of all , will we ever be able to develop the wisdom , and to inherit the wisdom , that we &apos;ll need to make these choices wisely ?
and the deepest of all , we will ever be able to develop the wisdom of wisdom , and the wisdom that we need to make in order to make these decisions ?
and the most profound of all , will we ever be able to develop the wisdom , and the wisdom that we need to make this decision ?

wir beginnen , in dem wir die führungsstimme in zwei sequenz-siftable einspeisen und diese in einer reihe anordnen , sie erweitern und ein bisschen mehr der stimme hinzufügen .
we &apos;ll start by putting a lead into two sequence siftables , arrange them into a series , extend it , add a little more lead .
we &apos;re starting to have the leaders in two sequence of vaccines , including those in a series of clues , put them in a little bit more voice .
we start , in which we store the leading voice in two sequencing stores , and we put these in a series , and add a little more to the voice .

vor 18 monaten machte ich etwas anderes bei google , und ich regte an , etwas mit museen und kunst zu machen . meine chefin , die heute auch ist , gab mir grünes licht .
and 18 months ago , i had another job at google , and i pitched this idea of doing something with museums and art to my boss who &apos;s actually here , and she allowed me to do it .
18 months ago , i was doing something else with google , and i was talking to something museums with museums and art . my chef , who is also here , gave me green light .
18 months ago , i did something else at google , and i was talking to something with museums and art . my chef , who was today , i was founded .

und vielleicht ist es das , wohin wir in zukunft gehen müsse , wenn wir demokratie über anatomie hinausführen -- weniger über den individuellen körper nachzudenken was identität betrifft , und mehr über beziehungen nachzudenken .
and maybe that &apos;s where we need to go in the future , when we take democracy beyond anatomy , is to think less about the individual body , in terms of the identity , and think more about those relationships .
and maybe this is where we go into the future when we think about democracy , when we think about anatomy -- less about the individual bodies of what identity is thinking , and think more about relationships .
and maybe it &apos;s where we &apos;re going to go into the future , if we &apos;re going to lead democracy across anatomy -- less about the individual body of identity , thinking about identity and more relationships .

genau dies ist der grund , warum wir musik machen : damit wir etwas , das in uns allen , tief im inneren steckt , unsere gefühle , durch unsere künstlerische linse , durch unsere kreativität zur wirklichkeit formen können .
this was the very reason why we made music , that we take something that exists within all of us at our very fundamental core , our emotions , and through our artistic lens , through our creativity , we &apos;re able to shape those emotions into reality .
this is the reason why we do music : we do something that is in all of us , deep inside , our feelings , through our artistic lens , through our creativity , we can actually shape our creativity .
this is the reason why we make music , so that we can put something inside of all of us , deep inside , our emotions , through our artistic linear linear , through our creativity , in reality .

nun , natürlich , auf eine art entfachen solche unfälle erneut die debatte um den wert von wissenschaft und ingenieurskunst an solchen grenzen . es ist leicht , so etwas abzulehnen .
now of course , in a way those accidents reignite the debate about the value of science and engineering at the edge . it &apos;s easy to refute .
now , of course , in a kind of fake accidents refers to the debate about the value of science and engineering . it &apos;s kind of easy to dismiss .
well , of course , in a kind of disappointed way , the debate around the value of science and engineering and engineering , it &apos;s easy to dismiss something like this .

in diesem jahr feiern wir den 200 . geburtstag von charles darwin und als er vor 150 jahren über evolution geschrieben hat , hat darwin , in meinen augen , auf etwas sehr wahres im menschlichen charakter hingewiesen .
this year we celebrate the 200th birthday of charles darwin , and it was 150 years ago , when writing about evolution , that darwin illustrated , i think , a truth about the human character .
in this year , we celebrated 200 birthday anniversary of charles darwin , and when he wrote about 150 years ago , darwin , in my eyes , has seen something very real in the human nature .
in this year , we celebrate the 200 birthday of charles darwin , and when he wrote over 150 years ago , darwin has written in my eyes , in something very true in human character .

und diese frage sollte sich jeder von ihnen stellen und zwar an jedem einzelnen tag , an dem ihnen etwas auffällt , das erledigt werden muss . wenn nicht jetzt , wann dann ? und wenn nicht ich , wer dann ?
and this is the question i want everyone to ask yourself every single day when you come up with something you feel that needs to be done : if not now , then when ? and if not me , then who ?
and that question should every one of you and every single day , which one of you will be filled with , is that if not right , then when ? and if i don &apos;t , who ?
and this question should every one of you think about every single day that you have to do something that has to be done . if you don &apos;t ? and then if i don &apos;t , who is there ?

pivot , diese anwendung -- ich möchte es nicht einen browser nennen ; es ist wirklich kein browser , aber man kann webseiten damit ansehen -- und wir bringen diese zoom-technologie zu jeder einzelnen webseite wie dieser .
so pivot , this application -- i don &apos;t want to call it a browser ; it &apos;s really not a browser , but you can view web pages with it -- and we bring that zoomable technology to every single web page like this .
pivot , this application -- i don &apos;t want to call it a browser ; it &apos;s not a really browser , but you can look at websites -- and we &apos;re bringing these zoom-zoom-technology website like every single one of these website .
pivot , this application -- i don &apos;t want to call it a browser ; it &apos;s really not a browser , but you can look at websites -- and we bring this zoomic technology to every single website like this .

ich lebe beruflich vom bauen von computern und ich weiss , dass ich den mechanismus , den ich verwende um computer zu bauen , nicht verwenden könnte , ohne die kürzlich gemachten fortschritte in der computertechnologie .
now i design computers for a living , and i know that the mechanisms that i use to design computers would be impossible without recent advances in computers .
i &apos;m going to go from building computers and i know that i &apos;m using the mechanism i &apos;m using to build computers , not using computers , without the advances in computer technology .
i &apos;m leveraging from computers , and i know i &apos;m using the mechanism that i &apos;m using computers to build computers , couldn &apos;t use computers , without the progression in the computer technology .

bedenken sie , dass ein großer anteil der amerikaner , die unter der armutsgrenze leben , zugang zu strom , wasser , toiletten , kühlschränken , fernseher , mobiltelefonen , klimaanlagen und autos haben .
think of this , in america today , the majority of people under the poverty line still have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , mobile phones , air conditioning and cars .
think that a great american of americans who live under the poverty line , access to electricity , water , submersible , refrigerators , tv , mobile phones , climate pressure , air conditioning and cars .
if you think that a big percentage of americans who live under the array of poverty , access to electricity , water , toilet , refrigerated , refrigerators , mobile phones and cars .

hier liegt das problem : wenn ich nicht mit meinen fehlern abschließen und über sie reden kann , falls ich die leise stimme , die mir sagt , was wirklich geschah nicht finden kann , wie kann ich es dann mit meinen kollegen teilen ?
here &apos;s the problem : if i can &apos;t come clean and talk about my mistakes , if i can &apos;t find the still-small voice that tells me what really happened , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
here &apos;s the problem : if i can &apos;t finish my error and talk about it , if i give the voice , what can &apos;t happen to me , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
here &apos;s the problem : if i can &apos;t close my mistakes , and talk about you , if i tell the voice that tells me what really wasn &apos;t happening , how can i share it with my colleagues ?

er schlüpfte nach draußen , ließ seine hosen aus seehundsfell herunter und defäkierte in seine hand . und als die fäkalien zu frieren begannen , formte er sie in die form eines messers .
he simply slipped outside , pulled down his sealskin trousers and defecated into his hand . and as the feces began to freeze , he shaped it into the form of a blade .
he swallowed out , left his pants out , made out of bags of bags under dehumiliated in his hand , and when the frightening frog , he shaped it into the shape of a pipe .
he then went out to the outside , left his holidays out of seafopods and dropped his hand in his hand , and when the creators began to freeze them in the form of a knife .

und was wir gemacht haben , seit zweitausendneun war die halle dann fertig , bis heute zweitausendzwölf quasi alles , was hier zwischen den einzelnen system an elektronik , an software zu entwickeln war , haben wir gemacht .
and what we did , the hall was completed in two thousand and nine , and until today , two thousand and twelve , we developed practically everything that could be developed electronically and in terms of software between the individual systems .
and what we &apos;ve done since two thousand dollars was the half-finished , then , until today , we &apos;ve done two thousand oil spills , which was here between the single electronics , we &apos;ve made software .
and what we &apos;ve been doing since two thousand was the catastrophe &apos;s been done , until today , there &apos;s a two-hour oil , everything that was here between the individual electronics of electronics , to develop software .

und wir wissen , dass es momentan einfach keinen sinn macht zu versuchen 30 oder 50 jahre in die zukunft zu schauen , weil alles so anders sein wird , dass eine einfache hochrechnung von dem was wir jetzt machen schlichtweg keinen sinn macht .
and we know that it just doesn &apos;t make too much sense to think out 30 , 50 years because everything &apos;s going to be so different that a simple extrapolation of what we &apos;re doing just doesn &apos;t make any sense at all .
and we know that it &apos;s simply not going to make sense of power at 30 or 50 years into the future , because everything is going to be so different that a simple calculation of what we &apos;re doing now is not making a sense of power .
and we know that it &apos;s simply not a sense of trying to look at 30 or 50 years in the future , because everything is going to be so different that a simple computation of what we &apos;re doing now don &apos;t make any sense of light .

und kurz danach , am 19. januar , haben sie bei dem kongress für eine änderung der verfassung gestimmt , um eine verfassungsgemäße regelung zu haben , die für spezielle entwicklungsgebiete zulässig ist .
and shortly thereafter , on january 19th , they voted in the congress to amend their constitution to have a constitutional provision that allows for special development regions .
and shortly after that , 19th january , they have changed in congress for a change in the census to have a prohibition that is special for the special development .
and shortly after the 19th , in january , they have voted in the congress for a change in terms of the constitution to have a comprehensive miration for specialized development .

sie hatten 250 verschiedene arten von senf und essig und über 500 verschiedene arten von obst und gemüse und mehr als zwei dutzend verschiedene arten an wasser -- und das war zu einer zeit als wir noch tatsächlich leitungswasser getrunken haben .
they had 250 different kinds of mustards and vinegars and over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and more than two dozen different kinds of bottled water -- and this was during a time when we actually used to drink tap water .
they had 250 different kinds of sensing and essig , and over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and more than two dozen different types of water -- and that was a time when we actually drunk water .
they had 250 different kinds of senior and sheep and about 500 different kinds of obstacles and vegetables and more than two dozen different kinds of water -- and that was at a time when we were actually dropped water .

wenn ich nun all diese personen betrachte erkenne ich , dass die mehrheit davon regierungsbeamte sind . manche kommen aus der wissenschaft . manche , noch weniger , kommen aus der wirtschaft . hier ist mein chef . und einer kommt aus dem musikbereich .
so looking at these people , i can see that the majority come from government ; some have come from natural sciences ; some , fewer still , have come from business -- there &apos;s my boss -- and one has come from music .
now , when i look at all these people , i know that the majority of them are government officials . some of the science is still coming out of the economy , and here &apos;s my chef . and one comes from the music .
now , if i look at all these individuals , i realize that the majority of them are registered , some of the science come from science . some of them come from science , some of them come from the economy . here &apos;s my chef . and one comes out of the music .

wie ich schon sagte , habe ich mich im laufe der jahre in einige ziemlich schreckliche situationen begeben , aber nichts konnte mich vorbereiten , nichts konnte mir rüsten , auf irgendetwas so schwieriges und so gefährliches wie mit diesen typen in einen raum zu gehen .
and as i said earlier , i put myself in some pretty horrible situations over the years , but nothing could prepare me , nothing could ready me , for anything as difficult or as dangerous as going into the rooms with these guys .
as i said , i &apos;ve been in the course of the years of a pretty horrible situations , but nothing could have prepared me , nothing could do to dress up to something so difficult and so endangered with these guys in a room .
as i said , i &apos;ve been giving me over the course of a couple of terrible situations , but nothing could prepared me , nothing could be prepared to me , anything that was so hard to do with something as hard and as dangerous as with this guy in a room .

und wann ist natürlich auch etwas intuitiv und wie kann ich als gestalter darauf einfluss nehmen und eben entsprechend die dinge so gestalten , dass sie a benutzungsfreundlich , also möglichst intuitiv sind , weil dann machen sie spaß und sind einfach zu benutzen .
and to see when something is intuitive of course and how i , as a designer , can have influence on this and design things in such a way that they are a user friendly , so as intuitive as possible , because then the things are fun and easy to use .
and of course , when and of course , the intuitive thing and how i can take it as a little bit of an impact it is , so the things that you use as a user friendly , so they &apos;re intuitive because you &apos;re fun and you &apos;re just using it for fun .
and , of course , when it &apos;s an intuitive and how i can take an age of age as an age of age and make things so that they &apos;re using a lot of kindness , so they &apos;re intuitively intuitively intuitive , because they &apos;re fun and they &apos;re just fun to use .

ich verliebte mich in die kraft der evolution , und ich stellte , etwas sehr grundlegendes fest : in den meisten die existenz von leben in einzelligen organismen , teilt sich jede zelle , und all die genetischen information der zelle wird in beiden tochterzellen weiter geführt .
i became enamored of the power of evolution , and i realized something very fundamental : in most of the existence of life in single-celled organisms , each cell simply divides , and all of the genetic energy of that cell is carried on in both daughter cells .
i fell in love with the power of evolution , and i discovered something very fundamental : most of the existence in life , divided organisms , every cell , and all the genetic information that is continued to be continued in two dead cells .
i loved myself in the power of evolution , and i found something very fundamental : most of the existence of life in a single organisms , each cell , each cell , and all the genetic information of the cell is continued into both dead cells .

er enthäutete den hund und improvisierte ein geschirr , nahm das skelett des hundes und improvisierte einen schlitten , spannte einen anderen hund an und entschwand über die eisschollen mit dem fäkalien-messer am gürtel .
he skinned the dog and improvised a harness , took the ribcage of the dog and improvised a sled , harnessed up an adjacent dog , and disappeared over the ice floes , shit knife in belt .
he contain the dog and improvised an iron , which took the skeleton of the dog and improvised a client , a different dog in and across the ice shepherd with the knife and the diameter of the knife .
he confirmed the dog and improvised an irt that took the skeleton of the dog and improvised a bad dog , tened a different dog and pickle across the ice with the sheet .

und vor dem hintergrund habe ich mich in dem bereich natural user interface design , also die nächste generation im umgang mensch computer in der also in der beziehung des mensch computers damit beschäftigt , wie sich unsere werkzeuge oder wie sich der computer vom rechner sukzessive zum digitalen assistenten verändert .
and against that background , within the area of natural user interface design , so the next generation of the interaction between humans and computers in the i mean in the relationship between humans and computers , i looked into how our tools , or how the computer has successively transformed itself from a calculator to a digital assistant .
and before the background , i &apos;ve been involved in the realm of design interface , so the next generation of human computers in the relationship with that man is changing in the relationship with how our tools or how the computer changes from the computational digital opera .
and in front of the background , i &apos;ve changed myself in the field of natural interface , so the next generation in a human being in the middle of man , so in the relationship of the human computer , how our tools or how the computer is changing from the computation to the digital assistance .

um diese theorien aufzustellen , rufen wir uns in erinnerung , dass es sich definitiv um hochgradige sabotage handelt , es muss sich um ein hochwertiges ziel handeln und sehr wahrscheinlich befindet es sich im iran , weil dort die meisten infektionen gemeldet wurden .
in order to get target theories , we remember that it &apos;s definitely hardcore sabotage , it must be a high-value target and it is most likely located in iran , because that &apos;s where most of the infections had been reported .
now , to put this theories , we call ourselves in memory , that it &apos;s definitely the highway , it has to be a high-quality objectivity and it &apos;s probably in iran , because most of the infections have been collected .
in order to make these theories , we call ourselves remembering that it &apos;s definitely about high-resolution gram , it has to be a high-end goal goal , and it &apos;s probably very likely to be in iran because most infected infections .

auf dem grund des ozeans sind bakterien vorhanden , die thermophil sind und dadurch den heißen dampf überleben andernfalls , wenn fische dort wären , würden es vakuum gekochte fische zur folge haben dennoch haben sie es geschafft dort eine bewohnbare umgebung für sich zu machen .
at the bottom of the ocean , bacteria that are thermophilic and can survive at the steam vent heat that would otherwise produce , if fish were there , sous-vide cooked fish , nevertheless , have managed to make that a hospitable environment for them .
on the bottom of the ocean , there are bacteria that are thermal thermal vophil and through that hot monumamies if there were fish , it would be acoustic about the fish of the fish yet they made it there was a site for the environment .
on the bottom of the ocean , the bacteria are bacteria that are thermophil , and that &apos;s why the hot hemisphere would survive if fish were there , if fish would have been a vacuum tovum , they have been able to make it a living environment .

wir sprachen dabei über dieses thema . und wissen sie was ? die meiste zeit seines lebens war tom die verkörperung des gepeinigten modernen künstlers , der versuchte , diese unkontrollierbaren kreativen impulse , die in ihm wohnten , zu beherrschen und mit ihnen zurechtzukommen .
and we were talking about this , and you know , tom , for most of his life he was pretty much the embodiment of the tormented contemporary modern artist , trying to control and manage and dominate these sort of uncontrollable creative impulses that were totally internalized .
we talked about this topic , and you know what ? most of its time , tom was the embodiment of the state of modern artist , who tried to implant these uncontroversial creative impulses that he was trying to bring in him , and to get them with them .
we talked about this topic . and you know what ? most of the time of his life was tom of his life &apos;s body &apos;s body artificial modern artist , trying to do this uncontrolled creative impulse sensing impulse in him and get them into them .

ich habe ihnen von vier techniken erzählt , die das problem der entscheidungsüberlastung mildern -- beschränken -- werden sie die überflüssigen alternativen los ; konkretisieren -- machen sie es real ; kategorisieren -- wir können besser mit mehr kategorien , weniger möglichkeiten umgehen ; auf komplexität vorbereiten .
i have talked about four techniques for mitigating the problem of choice overload -- cut -- get rid of the extraneous alternatives ; concretize -- make it real ; categorize -- we can handle more categories , less choices ; condition for complexity .
i told you about four techniques that can be transferred to the problem of decision-making -- actually , the exaggeration exaggerated ; concrete -- make it real , real categorities -- we can better at categories , less ways of preparing opportunities .
i told you about four techniques , the problem of decision-making millennium -- limited -- you &apos;re going to be able to make the fluid alternatives ; concrete concrete -- it &apos;s real category -- we can deal with more categories , less ways to be prepared .

ich musste einzelne übungen scheinbar unendlich oft wiederholen mit diesen dicken , elastischen bändern -- in verschiedenen farben -- das kennen sie , um meine bein-muskeln aufzubauen . und ich habe diese bänder mehr gehasst als alles andere . ich hab sie gehasst . ich habe sie verflucht . ich hab sie gehasst .
i had to do what seemed like innumerable repetitions of exercises with these thick , elastic bands -- different colors , you know -- to help build up my leg muscles , and i hated these bands more than anything -- i hated them , had names for them . i hated them .
i had to rescue all the practices often repeat with these thickness , barbie -- in different colors -- you know , build my muscles . and i have these bars that hate more than anything else . i hated them . i hated them . i hatred them . i hated them .
i had to be able to repeat all sorts of unrepeatedly with these dizzy , elaborate color -- in different colors -- that you know , to build my muscles . and i &apos;ve hated all the others . i hate them . i hated them . i hated them .

es wäre toll , wenn wir dieses denkmuster der normalität gegen ein anderes der möglichkeiten oder der stärke , um es sogar noch ein bisschen gefährlicher zu formulieren , austauschen könnten . so können wir die kräfte von sehr vielen kindern freisetzen , und sie dazu einladen , ihre ganz besonderen und wertvollen fähigkeiten in die gesellschaft einzubringen .
if we can change this paradigm from one of achieving normalcy to one of possibility -- or potency , to be even a little bit more dangerous -- we can release the power of so many more children , and invite them to engage their rare and valuable abilities with the community .
it would be great if we had this paradigm of thinking about the normal paradigm of the possibilities , or the strength of the strength to even a little bit more dangerous , audacity , so we could put the forces of the very many children , and invite them to bring in a special way , to the valuable society .
it would be great if we were to reform this pattern of normal thinking against another way or strength of strength , to even form a little bit more dangerous , so we can put the forces of lots of forces , and so we can put the forces of lots of very much more helpful children , and to bring them into their special skills .

also , tatsache ist , dass man sich an das 20. jahrhundert , in 300 jahren nicht für seine kriege oder technischen innovationen erinnern wird , sondern vielmehr als an eine ära , in der wir zugegen waren und die massive zerstörung der biologischen und kulturellen vielfalt auf der erde entweder aktiv unterstützten oder passiv akzeptierten . also das problem ist nicht die veränderung .
well , the truth is the 20th century , 300 years from now , is not going to be remembered for its wars or its technological innovations , but rather as the era in which we stood by and either actively endorsed or passively accepted the massive destruction of both biological and cultural diversity on the planet . now , the problem isn &apos;t change .
so , in fact , the fact is that you remember the 20th century , 300 years from now , it &apos;s not for the technical or technical innovations , but rather than an era in which we were against and the destruction of the destruction of the biodiversity and the biodiversity of the earth , either of the earth , or the acceptance of that is not the change .
so , in fact , the fact is that you remember the 20th century , in 300 years , not for its wars or technological innovations , but a lot more than a era in which we were against the massive and the destruction of the biological diversity and the cultural diversity of the earth or passive the problem . so that &apos;s not the problem .

mit anderen worten , zuckerpillen haben in einigen studien eine messbare wirkung gezeigt , den placebo-effekt , und zwar nur deswegen , weil die person denkt , was mit ihr geschieht , sei eine pharmazeutische oder eine art von ... im schmerzmanagement , zum beispiel , gibt es , wenn der patient nur fest genug daran glaubt , eine messbare wirkung im körper , die man den placebo-effekt nennt .
in other words , sugar pills have a measurable effect in certain kinds of studies , the placebo effect , just because the person thinks that what &apos;s happening to them is a pharmaceutical or some sort of a -- for pain management , for example , if they believe it enough there is a measurable effect in the body called the placebo effect .
in some ways , in other words , in some trials have shown in a measurable fashion effect , the placebo effect , and that &apos;s why the person thinks they &apos;re with , an pharmaceutical pharmaceutical , or a kind of ... for example , for example , if there &apos;s only enough of the patient , if there &apos;s only enough effects on the body , there &apos;s a placebo effect that we call the placebo effect .
in other words , sugar pills have shown in some studies in some studies , the placebo effect , which is just because the person thinks about what &apos;s going on with her , you know , a pharmaceutical or a pharmaceutical type of management -- for example , if there &apos;s just enough patient , it &apos;s a measurable effect in the body called the body .

einer von ihnen ist bedingt durch die große auswahl unterschiedlicher salatdressings , wenn sie eines kaufen , und es ist nicht perfekt -- und , welches salatdressing ist schon perfekt ? es ist einfach sich vorzustellen , dass sie eine andere entscheidung hätten treffen können die besser gewesen wäre . und was passiert ist diese bildlich vorgestellte alternative führt dazu , dass sie die entscheidung bereuen , und dieses bereuen wirkt negativ auf die zufriedenheit , die sie von ihrer gemachten entscheidung hatten , auch , wenn es eine gute entscheidung war .
one of them is that with a lot of different salad dressings to choose from , if you buy one , and it &apos;s not perfect -- and , you know , what salad dressing is ? -- it &apos;s easy to imagine that you could have made a different choice that would have been better . and what happens is this imagined alternative induces you to regret the decision you made , and this regret subtracts from the satisfaction you get out of the decision you made , even if it was a good decision .
it &apos;s a choice that &apos;s caused by you through the great choice of different sales , if you buy one , and it &apos;s not perfect -- and which is , you know , rescue , surely ? it &apos;s easy to imagine that you could have had a different choice , and what &apos;s going to be able to do is take the alternative to make this decision , and that &apos;s what you &apos;re going to do , is really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , if you &apos;ve had that decision .
one of them is a lot of you from the great choice of choice , if you buy one , and it &apos;s not perfect -- and what salatr is it ? it &apos;s just a different decision ? it &apos;s just a different decision that you could have made better decision . and what would you have done ? this is the alternative that you &apos;ve been doing , you &apos;ve made this decision , and you &apos;ve made this decision , you &apos;ve made a good decision , if you &apos;ve made it a good decision .

dabei spielt es keine rolle , ob es sich um die penan in den wäldern von borneo handelt , oder die voodoo-akolythen in haiti , oder die krieger in der kaisut-wüste von nordkenia , die curanderos in den anden , oder eine karawanserei mitten in der sahara . dies ist zufällig der kollege , mit dem ich vor einem monat in die wüste gereist bin . oder selbst ein yak-hirte an den hängen des qomolangma , everest , der gottmutter der welt .
and whether it is the penan in the forests of borneo , or the voodoo acolytes in haiti , or the warriors in the kaisut desert of northern kenya , the curandero in the mountains of the andes , or a caravanserai in the middle of the sahara -- this is incidentally the fellow that i traveled into the desert with a month ago -- or indeed a yak herder in the slopes of qomolangma , everest , the goddess mother of the world .
well , if you look at orphanage , the north anomaly of the sunlight in the middle of the north , or the algae , or the allies in north africa , or the albeit , or the frontier of frontier , is maybe the frontal locomotor , in the middle of the north carnage , or the north , maybe there &apos;s a marathonage of mustatic , or of the carroll , or of muddling in itself , and there &apos;s a marathonia , and there &apos;s a marathonstage in the alo or in the middle of &quot; midline of the alo , or of the north africa , &quot; midst of north africa , &quot; midorium , &quot; midum , &quot; midages of the north africa , &quot; midage , &quot; academy mom , &quot; midtime , &quot; midh , &quot; academy mom , &quot; academy mom , &quot; midst
the egypt of haiti , or the egg in the middle of the world , is the victims of the egypt , or the egypt of the egg in the world , or the squaro of the squaras , or the egypt , or the egypt in the middle of the world , or the egg , or in the middle of the middle of the mid-east , or the squid , or the middle of the middle of the squaro , or the squaras it &apos;s the squaras it &apos;s the squarby the mithwest , or the squid , or the squaro of the squaro in the desert , or in the world , the world , the squaro of the mium , the squaras it &apos;s the squarby the desert , the desert , the squarisone of the desert , in the desert , in the desert , the desert ,

