hallo !
hello !
hello !
hello !

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

danke .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

ziemlich einfach .
pretty simple .
pretty simple .
pretty simple .

1,5 millionen .
1.5 million .
1.5 million .
1.5 million .

das war &apos; s .
that was all .
that &apos;s it .
that &apos;s it .

eine ganze menge .
it &apos;s a lot .
there &apos;s a lot of stuff .
a whole lot .

dies war das ergebnis .
this was the result .
this was the result .
this was the result .

was war das ergebnis ?
what was the result ?
what was that result ?
what was the result ?

ich glaube das nicht .
i don &apos;t believe that .
i don &apos;t think so .
i don &apos;t think that .

eine ungeheure herausforderung .
tremendously challenging .
it &apos;s an enormous challenge .
an unprecedented challenge .

will ich ihnen sagen .
i &apos;d like to tell you why .
let me tell you .
i want to tell you .

als erstes : beschränken .
the first : cut .
first of all , confine .
first of all , limited .

die antwort darauf ist nein .
and the answer is no .
the answer to that is no .
the answer is no .

zuerst haben wir die bevölkerung .
first , we &apos;ve got population .
first of all , we have the population .
first we have the population .

wir haben den kontakt verloren .
we &apos;ve been disconnected .
we &apos;ve lost the contact .
we lost the contact .

geht es um das licht ?
is it something about the light ?
is it about light ?
is it about light ?

was können wir noch tun ?
other than writing a check , what could we do ?
what else can we do ?
what can we do yet ?

die gleiche sache , nur größer .
same thing , only bigger .
the same thing , only bigger .
the same thing , just bigger .

sie sahen also etwas magisches .
they were seeing something magical .
so they saw something magical .
so they saw something magical .

und es dauerte 18 monate .
and it took 18 months .
and it took 18 months .
and it took 18 months .

sie tat es drei jahre lang ,
she did it for three years .
she did it for three years .
she did it for three years .

deshalb ist es eine große herausforderung .
and so that &apos;s a big challenge .
that &apos;s why it &apos;s a big challenge .
so it &apos;s a big challenge .

jeder abfall ist nährstoff .
every bit of waste is a nutrient .
every waste is nutrient .
each waste is nutrient .

das wäre überhaupt kein problem gewesen .
that wouldn &apos;t have been a problem at all .
that would not have been a problem at all .
that wouldn &apos;t have been a problem at all .

irgendwie machen das kinder nicht mehr .
and somehow kids don &apos;t do that anymore .
somehow , children don &apos;t do that anymore .
somehow , the kids don &apos;t do it anymore .

nullemissionen , ja ?
zero emissions , you see ?
llemixes , yes ?
nuclear missions , yes ?

das machte in meinen augen keinen sinn .
didn &apos;t make sense to me .
this didn &apos;t make any sense in my eyes .
that didn &apos;t make sense in my eyes .

aber was wird in der zukunft kommen ?
but what will come in the future ?
but what &apos;s going to happen in the future ?
but what &apos;s going to come in the future ?

dieses bild erinnerte mich an etwas .
that image reminded me of something .
this picture reminded me of something .
this picture reminded me of something .

etwas versteifte sich in mir .
something stiffened inside me .
something increases me .
something sticks me .

wer möchte nicht gesündere kinder ?
who doesn &apos;t want healthier children ?
who doesn &apos;t want healthier children ?
who doesn &apos;t want healthy children ?

das ist ideologie , nicht wissenschaft .
it &apos;s ideology , it &apos;s not science .
this is ideology , not science .
this is ideology , not science .

das sind mehr als 250 tausend morgen .
that &apos;s more than 250 hundred-thousand acres .
that &apos;s more than 250 thousand tomorrow .
these are more than 250 thousand tomorrow .

mein bruder starrte mich an .
and then my brother started staring at me .
my brother was staring at me .
my brother stared me .

der andere hatte starken durchfall .
the other one had a lot of diarrhea .
the other one had diarrhea .
the other one had died .

dies sind die mobiltelefone der zukunft .
these are cell phones of the future .
these are the mobile phones of the future .
these are the mobile phones of the future .

lassen sie uns über die atome nachdenken .
so let &apos;s think about the atoms .
let &apos;s think about atoms .
let &apos;s think about the atoms .

aber mit dem richtigen design , bitte schön .
but with the right design , please .
but with the right design , please .
but with the right design , please .

sie war noch nicht ertrunken .
it was not drowned yet .
she wasn &apos;t drunk yet .
she wasn &apos;t even devastated .

weiß überhaupt noch jemand , was das ist ?
does anyone even know what those things are ?
does anybody know what that is ?
does anybody even know what that is ?

wir wollen nicht , dass firmen samen besitzen .
we don &apos;t want companies owning seeds .
we don &apos;t want companies to own seeds .
we don &apos;t want companies to have seeds .

normalen menschen sind diese geräte nicht zugänglich . &quot;
these devices aren &apos;t accessible to people . &quot;
ordinary people aren &apos;t accessible . &quot;
normal people are not available to these devices . &quot;

hier sind zwei verschiedene schmuckauslagen .
here are two different jewelry displays .
here are two different jewelry .
here are two different jeans .

danke euch vielmals , das war unglaublich .
thank you guys very much . that was awesome .
thank you very much , that was incredible .
thank you very much , that was incredible .

wir haben herumgefragt , und niemand wusste es .
we asked around and nobody knew .
we asked it , and nobody knew it .
we asked around , and nobody knew it .

sie lachten mehr als ihr es hier tut .
they laughed more than you guys are .
they laughed more than they did here .
they laughed more than they do here .

also , das hat mich wirklich umgehauen .
now , that blew my mind .
so , that really blew me .
so , that really changed me .

wir reden vom &quot; ertrinken in informationen &quot; .
we talk about drowning in data .
we &apos;re talking about drinking information .
we &apos;re talking about &quot; drink in information . &quot;

ernsthaft – dem untergang geweiht !
seriously -- doomed , doomed !
seriously -- the gang !
seriously -- the bottom line .

ich glaube , ich habe vielleicht mehr hände gehört .
i think i might have actually heard more hands .
i think i may have heard more hands .
i think maybe i heard more hands .

ich muss sagen , das verstehe ich nicht .
i have to say , i don &apos;t understand it .
i have to say , i don &apos;t understand .
i have to say , i don &apos;t understand that .

und dies ist sehr wichtig in der medizinforschung .
and it &apos;s very important for research in medicine .
and this is very important in medical research .
and this is very important in medical research .

solche sachen haben eine positivere wirkung .
things like that that are more of that positive benefit .
these things have a positive effect .
these things have a positive effect .

es musste noch ein anderes puzzlestück geben .
there had to be another piece of the jigsaw .
there had to be another puzzle .
there had to be another piece of puzzle .

wir erben keine identität , wir erfinden sie .
we don &apos;t inherit an identity ; we get to invent it .
we don &apos;t raise identity , we invent it .
we don &apos;t have identity , we invent them .

speichere diese ab , lösche den rest .
save those . kill off the rest .
stores cut off those , lion the rest .
stored these slices , the rest .

und wie sieht &apos; s denn eigentlich da drin aus ?
and how does it look in there ?
and what does it look like ?
and what does it look like , right ?

hier sind noch ein paar leute , die es testen .
so here &apos;s another few people trying it out .
here are some people that test it .
here &apos;s another couple of people who test it .

wir haben zugriff auf werkzeuge mit exponentieller technologie .
we have the tools with this exponential technology .
we have access to exponential technologies .
we have access to tools with exponential technology .

... dass auch die dosierungen eine rolle spielen .
... these dosages have something to do with it .
... also , the domain is a role .
... also , the domain is also playing a role .

es geht sozusagen um ein bene<unk> poop print .
it &apos;s about making a beneficial poop print .
it &apos;s kind of like an opod sludge .
it &apos;s kind of a compound of poop .

was ist das nächste , über das sie sprechen wollen .
what &apos;s the next one you want to talk about ?
what is the next thing you want to talk about .
what &apos;s the next thing you want to talk about .

da gingen ganz schön viele verrückte dinge vor sich .
there was a whole lot of crazy going on in there .
there were lots of crazy things going on .
there were a lot of crazy things going on .

wenn ich realität sage , meine ich foto-realität .
when i say realism , i mean photo-realism .
when i say reality , i do my photo-reality .
when i say reality , my photo reality .

dabei lernen wir vertrauen und die regeln des spiels .
it &apos;s where we learn to trust and where we learn about the rules of the game .
and we learn how to trust the rules of play .
we learn to trust and the rules of game .

das hauptproblem hier ist so ähnlich wie bei aids .
the main problem we have here , it &apos;s kind of like aids .
the main problem here is something like aids .
the main problem here is as similar to aids .

das ist eine idee , die sich lohnt zu verbreiten .
this is an idea worth spreading .
that &apos;s an idea worth spreading .
this is an idea to spread .

und wenn nicht , dann tut stuxnet gar nichts .
and if not , stuxnet does nothing .
and if it doesn &apos;t , it doesn &apos;t do anything .
and if it doesn &apos;t , it doesn &apos;t do anything .

wir wollen nicht , dass der iran die bombe baut .
we don &apos;t want iran to get the bomb .
we don &apos;t want iran to build the bomb .
we don &apos;t want iran to build the bomb .

wir tanzen im tempel und werden zu gott . &quot;
we dance in the temple and become god . &quot;
we &apos;re dancing in temple , and we &apos;re going to become god . &quot;
we dance in the temple and become god . &quot;

sie erhalten ein modell , das aus der ganzen erde entsteht .
you have a model that emerges of the entire earth .
you get a model that comes from all the earth .
they get a model that comes from all the earth .

das erlebende selbst hat keine stimme in dieser wahl .
the experiencing self has no voice in this choice .
the living self doesn &apos;t have a vote in that vote .
the living self has no voice in this choice .

nun , schimpansen sind bekannt für ihre aggressivität .
now , chimpanzees are well-known for their aggression .
now , chimps are known for their aggressive .
well , chimpanzees are known for their aggressive vity .

hier steht : &quot; leg deine finger auf jedes licht . &quot;
so it says , &quot; place your fingers upon each light . &quot;
here is , &quot; put your fingers on every light . &quot;
this is : &quot; watch your finger on every light . &quot;

&quot; geht nicht &quot; erwies sich als unwahr .
&quot; it can &apos;t be done &quot; was shown to be wrong .
&quot; no , &quot; it turns out to be true .
&quot; it &apos;s not &quot; eradication . &quot;

darum eben von der wiege zur wiege zu denken .
that &apos;s why we need to think from cradle to cradle .
that &apos;s why the length of the onion is thinking .
that &apos;s why the weighs to think .

so wie es früher eben entsprechend auf dem dorf passierte .
just like it used to happen in the village .
just as it used to be on the village .
this was what it happened earlier in the village .

er nahm ein berühmtes foto auf . wie hieß es ?
he took a famous photo . what was it called ?
he took a famous photo . how did it take ?
he took a famous photograph . how did it mean ?

das ist ein organismus den wir 1996 beschrieben haben .
this is an organism we described in 1996 .
this is an organism we described in 1996 .
this is a organism we described in 1996 .

das musikinstrument ist nämlich die erweiterung unseres körpers .
the music instrument is an extension of our own body .
the musical instrument is the extension of our body .
the musician is the extension of our body .

und ich erwarte nicht , dass sich das je ändern wird .
and i don &apos;t expect that that &apos;s ever going to change .
and i don &apos;t expect that to change .
and i didn &apos;t expect to change that .

rufen wir den tierfänger , kostet es eine menge geld .
we call animal control , it just costs a lot of money .
let &apos;s call it the animal , it costs a lot of money .
let &apos;s call the animal , it costs a lot of money .

genau , bryan , der richter hat zauberkräfte .
yeah , bryan , the judge has some magic power .
in fact , chyan , the judge has magical forces .
right , bryan , the judge has magic forces .

und das öl werden wir ersetzen können durch andere energieträger .
and oil will be able to be replaced by other energy sources .
and we &apos;re going to replace that oil through other energy carriers .
and we &apos;re going to replace oil through other energy sources .

und die antwort ist wirklich einfach . sie sind für immer verloren .
and the answer is really straightforward : they are lost forever .
and the answer is really simple . they are forever lost .
and the answer is really simple . they &apos;re always lost for always .

wie können wir diese gefühle aus den spielen in die realität übertragen ?
how can we take those feelings from games and apply them to real-world work ?
how can we transfer these feelings into the reality ?
how can we transfer these feelings from play in reality ?

aber warten sie , dies hier ist wirklich meine lieblings-projekt .
but wait , this is actually my favorite project .
but wait , this is really my favorite project .
but wait , this is really my favorite project .

weil das ist , wo die eigentliche regierungsarbeit stattfindet .
because that &apos;s where the real work of government happens .
because this is where the actual government is taking place .
because that &apos;s where the actual government is happening .

daher möchte ich , dass sie über ein gedankenexperiment nachdenken .
so i want you to think about a thought experiment .
so i want you to think about a thought experiment .
so i want you to think about a danger experiment .

wenn sie sich nicht mehr bewegte , hat man sie begraben .
if it stopped twitching , you bury them .
if it didn &apos;t move anymore , it would be buried .
if they didn &apos;t move more , they have buried them .

aber es gab immer einen lebenszyklus in ihren präsentationen .
but there was always a life cycle to their presentations .
but there was always a life cycle in their presentations .
but there was always a life cycle in their presentations .

nur zu präzisen zeitpunkten stimmen sie überein .
now it &apos;s only at precise times when they align .
it &apos;s only too precise points to be accurate .
just to precise newspapers , they agree .

es war die angst vor terror , der ihr leben formte .
it was the threat of terror that shaped their lives .
it was the fear of terror that was their life formal .
it was the fear of terror that shaped her life .

es gibt eine magische menge . ich weiß nicht was es ist .
there &apos;s some magical amount . i don &apos;t know what it is .
there &apos;s a lot of magic . i don &apos;t know what it is .
there &apos;s a magical amount . i don &apos;t know what it is .

die frage ist also : können wir das tun ? ich denke schon .
so the question is : can we do that ? and i think we can .
so the question is : can we do this ? i think .
so the question is : can we do that ? i think .

am ende der zwei wochen also gingen wir zurück in tempts zimmer .
so at the end of the two weeks , we went back to tempt &apos;s room .
so in the end of the two weeks , we went back into space .
so at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the temple room .

aber entscheidend ist , wenn ich recht habe , dann gilt es eben .
so when klaus says , there is no soul .
but the key thing is , if i &apos;m right , it &apos;s true .
but crucial is when i &apos;m right , it &apos;s true .

also beschloss ich , als ich 15 war , taucher zu werden .
so , i decided i was going to become a scuba diver at the age of 15 .
so i decided , when i was 15 , i was to become deaf .
so i decided when i was 15 to become a diver .

die todesstrafe in amerika definiert sich durch irrtum .
death penalty in america is defined by error .
the death penalty in america defined by irony .
the death penalty in america is defined by iranium .

das interessante daran ist , wenn ich mal einen kleinen ausflug machen darf .
the interesting thing about this is that i can make a short trip .
the interesting thing is , if i can make a little trip .
the interesting thing about this is , if i can make a little trip .

die pocken . die pocken haben milliarden leute auf diesem planeten getötet .
smallpox . smallpox killed billions of people on this planet .
the smallpox . the pox has killed billions of people on this planet .
smallpox . smallpox have killed billions of people on this planet .

und ich erwiderte : &quot; wie kommuniziert ihr denn nun ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; well , how do you actually communicate ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; how are you communicating ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; how do you communicate ? &quot;

ich habe einige vorträge in deutschland über die todesstrafe gehalten .
i was giving some lectures in germany about the death penalty .
i gave some talks in germany about the death penalty .
i gave some talks in germany to the death penalty .

wir finden noch anderen merkwürdigkeiten bezüglich dessen was ihre rechte sind .
we find other kinds of weirdness in terms of what their rights are .
we &apos;re still figuring out what their rights are .
we &apos;re still finding other odds of what their rights are .

hier sagt es , je mehr du umbringst , desto besser .
on our end we say , the more people you get out of the way , the better .
here it says , the more you need , the better .
here it says , the more you push , the better .

inzwischen arbeiten dort ganz viele leute mit und sie können alle sich engagieren .
today , it has many employees and they can all get involved .
now , there &apos;s a lot of people working there , and they can all be engaged .
there &apos;s a lot of people working there , and they can all be engaged .

ich wollte , dass wir ein langes und gesundes leben zu führen .
i wanted us to live long and healthy lives .
i wanted us to live a long and healthy life .
i wanted us to lead a long and healthy life .

es sind neue nanotechnologien auf dem weg , nano-materialien .
there &apos;s nanotechnology coming on , nanomaterials .
they &apos;re new nanotechnology on the path , nano-materials .
it &apos;s new nanotechnology on the way , nano-materials .

ich habe mal vier stichworte aufgeschrieben und möchte die gerne kurz erklären .
i wrote down four keywords and would like to explain them briefly .
i wrote four words , and i &apos;d like to just explain the briefly .
i wrote four sticks , and i want to explain to you a little bit short .

und dann steine auftürmt , damit er ihnen die sicht versperrt .
and then they start piling up stones so your view is blocked .
and then stones put them in order to give them the perspective .
and then rocks up , so he gives you the view .

sie erschaffen eine epische quelle des wissens über die world of warcraft .
they are building an epic knowledge resource about the world of warcraft .
they created a episode of knowledge about the world of warcraft .
they create an episode of knowledge about the world of warning warning .

es sind menschen , die glauben , dass sie als einzelne die welt verändern können .
these are people who believe that they are individually capable of changing the world .
it &apos;s people who believe that they can change the world as the individuals .
it &apos;s people who believe they can change as a single world .

ich werde damit beginnen , euch kurz eine einzige , langweilige folie zu zeigen .
so i &apos;m going to start out by showing just one very boring technology slide .
i &apos;m going to start by showing you a little bit of a single , boring slide .
i &apos;m going to start to show you a single , boring slide .

und so möchte ich ihnen was anderes zeigen was eine kleine überraschung sein könnte .
and so i want to show you one other thing that may catch you a little bit by surprise .
and so i want to show you what another little surprise could be .
and so i want to show you what a little surprise could be .

und er sagte : &quot; nun ja , sie dürften sich kaum an mich erinnern .
he said , &quot; well , you wouldn &apos;t remember meeting me .
and he said , &quot; well , you don &apos;t remember me .
and he said , &quot; well , you don &apos;t remember me .

noch etwas heller , weil ich werde gleich etwas auf das papier hier zeichnen .
if you could bring up the lights higher , because i &apos;m just going to use a piece of paper here .
another thing , because i &apos;m going to draw on the paper right here .
and something else , because i &apos;m going to draw a little bit on the paper here .

sind wir in einer art evolutionäres gleichgewicht in form einer spezie ?
are we at some kind of evolutionary equipoise as a species ?
are we in a sort of evolutionary balance in a form of a species ?
are we in a kind of evolutionary balance in a spective form ?

aber die räumliche anordnung der bilder ist hier in der tat von bedeutung .
but the spatial arrangement of the images here is actually meaningful .
but the spatial fine order of the images is here in fact meaning .
but the spatial order of images is in fact meaning of meaning .

sie können es gleich sehen , sie können aber auch wegsehen , wenn sie möchten .
you &apos;ll get to see , you can look away too if you &apos;d like to .
you can see it in the same way , but you can also see if you want .
you can see it in the same way , but you can also see away when you want .

ich meine , weißt du überhaupt nichts ? &quot; und ich sagte : &quot; nein . &quot;
i mean , don &apos;t you know anything ? &quot; and i said , &quot; no . &quot;
i mean , you don &apos;t know ? &quot; and i said , &quot; no . &quot;
i mean , you don &apos;t know ? &quot; and i said , &quot; no . &quot;

aber was sie wirklich tun , ist zu zeigen , was heute mit technologie möglich ist .
but really what they &apos;re doing is they &apos;re showing what &apos;s possible with technology today .
but what they really do is to show what is possible with technology today .
but what they really do is to show what &apos;s possible with technology today .

es ist ein hummer aus knete , der angst in der dunkelheit hat .
it &apos;s a lobster made of playdough that &apos;s afraid of the dark .
it &apos;s a butt made out of the fear of the dark .
it &apos;s a hummingmer who has fear in the darkness .

diese karte wächst und leuchtet und dient zur orientierung im rest des buches .
this is a map that grows and glows and becomes your navigation for the rest of the book .
this map grows and cuts to the orientation in the rest of the book .
this map grows and enlightened and serves in the rest of the book .

lassen sie uns eine sehr , sehr komplizierte entscheidung nehmen : den kauf eines autos .
let &apos;s take a very , very complicated decision : buying a car .
let &apos;s take a very , very complicated choice : the knee on a car .
let &apos;s take a very , very complicated decision : the knee on a car .

und jetzt spürt unser täuschendes bewusstsein sofort , daraus kann man etwas machen .
so it attaches a third theorem to it , that has nothing to do with the first two theorems and only acts as if the opposite of the first theorem had already been proven and given priority .
and now we feel our minds &apos; minds immediately , from that , you can do something .
and now we feel our minds of consciousness immediately , you can do something .

aber es geht auch um die alternde bevölkerung , deren anzahl sich vervielfacht .
but it is also the aging population that is multiplying in numbers .
but it &apos;s also about aging population , whose number of times are multiplied .
but it &apos;s also about the aging population , their number of times .

diese menschen repräsentieren mehrere trillionen dollar , die in die globale wirtschaft fließen werden .
these people represent tens of trillions of dollars injected into the global economy .
these people represent several trillion dollars that are going to flow into the global economy .
these people represent several trillion dollars that are going to fly into the global economy .

wir haben uns hinreißen lassen von der rhetorik der bestrafung .
and we got carried away with the rhetoric of punishment .
we have been frightening from the rhetoric of the beam .
we went down from the rhetoric of punishment .

und die achtung deines teams ist wichtiger als aller lorbeer dieser welt .
and the respect of your team is more important than all the laurels in the world .
and the avation of a team is more important than all of the lorbeans in the world .
and the aim of a team is more important than all of the lorans in the world .

dies ist die welt der wilden bonobos im urwald von kongo .
this is the world of wild bonobos in the jungles of congo .
this is the world of the wild bonobos in the forest of congo .
this is the world of the wild bonobos in the urine forest of congo .

und sie macht es teilweise mit methoden , welche wir bis jetzt nicht einmal richtig verstehen .
and in fact , sometimes it takes it by methods that we don &apos;t quite even understand .
and she does it in a way that we don &apos;t even understand .
and she does it partly with methods that we don &apos;t even understand until now .

anstatt sie in die dritte welt zu schicken , schicken wir sie in rathäuser .
instead of sending them off into the third world , we send them into the wilds of city hall .
instead of sending the third world into the third world , we send it into rathhand .
instead of sending them into the third world , we send them into rains .

frosty der kohlenmann ist ein vergnügter , fröhlicher bursche .
frosty the coal man is a jolly , happy soul .
frozen of the man is a pleasure , frozen burglar .
frogs of the carbon is a pleasure , frozen burgers .

und ich denke , einige firmen werden sich nur auf eine stärke konzentrieren , anstatt auf beide .
and i think some companies will just focus on one of their strengths or the other instead of focusing on both .
and i think some companies are just going to focus on a strength rather than both .
and i think some companies will only focus on a strength , instead of both .

das ist ungeheuer wichtig . es ist ein guter aufhänger fürs marketing . &quot;
it will be really important . it will be a great marketing hook . &quot;
this is incredibly important . it &apos;s a good asset for marketing . &quot;
this is immensely important . it &apos;s a good job for marketing . &quot;

nun diese marke , das qualcomm stadion , das staples center ...
now this brand , the qualcomm stadium , the staples center ...
now this brand brand , the cross-border comet , the stadium center ...
now this brand , the qualcomic stadium , the steel center ...

es spielt keine rolle , wo sie sind – bombay , mexico , es macht keinen unterschied .
it doesn &apos;t matter where you are -- bombay , mexico , it doesn &apos;t really matter .
it doesn &apos;t matter where you &apos;re -- bombay , mexico , it doesn &apos;t make any difference .
it doesn &apos;t matter where they are -- bombay , mexico , it doesn &apos;t make any difference .

nein , nicht , weil ich ein selbstgerechter genießer und gutmensch bin .
no , not because i &apos;m some self-righteous , goody-two shoes foodie .
no , not because i &apos;m a self-organizing and good person .
no , because i &apos;m a self-enjoyable man and a human being .

aber wissen sie , ich tue was ich tue . ich schrieb den artikel , ich machte weiter .
but , you know , i do what i do . i wrote the story , i moved on .
but you know , i do what i do . i wrote the article , i continued .
but you know , i do what i do . i wrote the article , i kept doing .

niemand möchte sein leben ändern , weil es gut für die umwelt ist oder weil wir es sollten .
nobody wants to change how they live just because it &apos;s good for the world , or because we &apos;re supposed to .
nobody wants to change their lives because it &apos;s good for the environment , or because we should .
nobody wants to change his life because it &apos;s good for the environment or because we should .

ich weiss nicht , ob sie das schon wussten , aber bakterien können tatsächlich ihre dna austauschen .
i don &apos;t know if you know this , but bacteria can actually exchange dna .
i don &apos;t know if you &apos;ve ever known , but bacteria can actually delete their dna .
i don &apos;t know if you knew this , but bacteria can actually change their dna .

am 17. februar wurde es zum zweiten mal mit 114 zu einer stimme genehmigt .
on february 17th they passed it again with another vote of 114 to one .
on the 17th of february , it was approved for the second time with a 114 voice .
on the 17th of february , it was used for the second time with 114 to a voice .

klingt verrückt . aber das geht wieder darauf zurück , dass die eigene vorstellungskraft eine realität schaffen kann .
sounds crazy . but this goes back to that theme about your imagination creating a reality .
sounds crazy . but this goes back to the fact that your imagination can create a reality .
sounds crazy . but it goes back to it that your imagination can create a reality .

damit will ich sagen , es gab einige wahlmöglichkeiten , aber nicht alles war eine frage der wahl .
that is to say , there were some choices , but not everything was a matter of choice .
so i want to say , there were some choices , but not all of it was a choice .
so i want to say , there were some choices , but not everything was a question of choice .

rebecca blacks &quot; friday &quot; ist eines der populärsten videos des jahres .
rebecca black &apos;s &quot; friday &quot; is one of the most popular videos of the year .
rebecca acks &quot; friday &quot; is one of the most popular videos of the year .
rebecca blacks &quot; friday &quot; is one of the most popular videos of the year .

diese feste waren immer großartig , denn die tänzer waren professionell und sie waren fantastisch .
and they were always magnificent , because the dancers were professionals and they were terrific , right ?
these fests were always great , because the dancers were professional , and they were fantastic .
these fears were always great , because the dancers were professional and they were fantastic .

das heißt , wir haben dann erstmal gesucht , die größte batterie der welt zu finden .
that means we first looked for the biggest battery in the world .
that is , then we have first time to find the largest battery in the world .
that means that we first went to find the largest battery in the world .

kurz gesagt , ein siftable ist ein interaktiver computer in der größe eines kekses .
in a nutshell , a siftable is an interactive computer the size of a cookie .
in short , a six-ray is an interactive computer in the size of a cookie .
shortly , a sible is an interactive computer in the size of a cookie .

die schwester , die diese tapfere tat beging , wurde in ein erziehungslager gebracht .
the sister who had done that brave deed was put into an education camp .
the nurse , who did this daylight , was brought into an educational camp .
the sister who did this worker was brought in a education camp .

nun , das ist ein direkter konflikt zwischen dem erlebenden selbst und dem erinnernden selbst .
now this is a direct conflict between the experiencing self and the remembering self .
now that &apos;s a direct conflict between the living self-memory and the memory itself .
well , this is a direct conflict between the living self and the memory itself .

am anderen ende des planeten , die antarktis , die grösste eismasse auf dem planeten .
at the other end of the planet , antarctica the largest mass of ice on the planet .
on the other end of the planet , the antarctic , the largest polar mass on the planet .
on the other end of the planet , antarctica , the largest polar mass on the planet .

sie werden nie angenehm überrascht. weil ihre erwartungen , meine erwartungen , haushoch sind .
you will never be pleasantly surprised because your expectations , my expectations , have gone through the roof .
they &apos;ll never be comfortable . because their expectations , my expectation , are domestic .
they &apos;re never going to be pleasant . because their expectations , my expectations , are high .

ich finde es sehr hochmütig von uns zu sagen , dass wir das endprodukt der evolution sind .
i think it &apos;s very haughty of us to think that we &apos;re the end product of evolution .
i think it &apos;s very high to tell us that we are the final product of evolution .
i think it &apos;s very high-tech to tell us that we are the infinite product of evolution .

und dr. p. trug immer sehr bunte fliegen und war für die arbeit mit kindern einfach wie geschaffen .
and dr. p always wore really colorful bow ties and had the very perfect disposition to work with children .
and dr. p. was always very colorful , and it was designed for the work with kids like .
and dr. p.p. always kept flying and was created for the work with kids just like .

ich sagte : &quot; don , was ist nachhaltig daran , hühnchen an fische zu verfüttern ? &quot;
i said , &quot; don , what &apos;s sustainable about feeding chicken to fish ? &quot;
i said , &quot; don &apos;t know what &apos;s sustainable to feed fish ? &quot;
i said , &quot; don &apos;t you know , what &apos;s sustainable to have chicken chickens ? &quot;

die zweitgrößte angreifergruppe , die wir heute beobachten können , sind nicht durch geld motiviert .
the second major group of attackers that we are watching today are not motivated by money .
the second largest group that we can see today is not motivated by money .
the second largest group that we can observe today are not motivated by money .

und ich dachte , &quot; nun , das ist die dümmste frage , die ich je gehört habe .
and i thought , &quot; well that &apos;s the dumbest question i &apos;ve ever heard .
and i thought , &quot; well , that &apos;s the stupidest question i &apos;ve ever heard .
and i thought , &quot; well , that &apos;s the most challenging question i &apos;ve ever heard .

aber das erstaunliche an städten ist , dass sie so viel mehr wert sind , als es kostet sie zu bauen .
but the amazing thing about cities is they &apos;re worth so much more than it costs to build them .
but the amazing thing about cities is that they &apos;re so much worth more than it costs to build them .
but the amazing thing about cities is that they &apos;re so much more value than to build it .

wir wollen leute nicht ermutigen , dieses verrottete zeug zu essen , wie zum beispiel maniok .
we don &apos;t want to encourage people to eat that rotten stuff , like cassava for instance .
we don &apos;t want to encourage people to eat this rovertical stuff like manifesto .
we don &apos;t want to encourage people to eat this ratio stuff like manipulated .

und die nebennieren stellen androgene her , welche virilisierende hormone sind .
and the adrenal glands make androgens , which are a masculinizing hormone .
and the side places that are roandroids , which are the 2,000 hormone hormones .
and the side of the side places that are vilistic hormone hormones .

hier ist etwas wirklich cooles zeug , das wir entdeckt haben -- hat mich echt aus den socken gehauen .
here &apos;s some very cool stuff that we saw -- really knocked my socks off .
here &apos;s something really cool stuff that we &apos;ve discovered -- actually , i &apos;m out of the socks .
here &apos;s something really cool stuff that we discovered -- really made me feel out of the socks .

also , in der art der verschiebung der beweislast erleben sie die großartigkeit der lüge .
so through this mode of passing on the burden of proving something you are experiencing the brilliance of the lie .
so , in the way of shifting the liberty of the evidence that they experience the great lie of the lie .
so , in the way , in the kind of shift of wisdom , they experience the great lies of lies .

wir sagen , &quot; computer , generiere bitte einhundert millionen zufällig ausgewählte sequenzen von instruktionen .
say , &quot; computer , would you please make a hundred million random sequences of instructions .
we say , &quot; computers , generic imaging a hundred million randomly selected sequences of instructions .
we say , &quot; computers , please give you a hundred million random consequences of instructions .

40 prozent aller menschen auf der welt bekommen die hälfte ihres trinkwassers aus diesem schmelzwasser .
40 percent of all the people in the world get half of their drinking water from that melting flow .
40 percent of all the people around the world get half of their drinking water from this melting water .
40 percent of all the people in the world get half of their drinking water from this melting water .

und so dachte ich , dass dies eine interessante idee ist und ich habe es in einen design-workshop verwandelt .
and so , i thought this was an interesting idea , and i incorporated it into a design workshop .
and so i thought this is an interesting idea , and i &apos;ve turned it into a workshop .
and so i thought this was an interesting idea , and i turned it into a design shop .

denn in diesem kontext erst beginnen wir , die wahrhaft erstaunlichen dinge zu begreifen , die uns ausmachen .
because it &apos;s in that nexus that we actually begin to understand truly profound things about who we are .
because in this context , we start to grasp the truly amazing things that make us apart .
because in this context , we start to understand the truly amazing things that make us out .

in der reichen welt existieren krankheiten , die millionen von uns vor nur einer generation noch bedroht haben , kaum noch .
in the rich world , diseases that threatened millions of us just a generation ago no longer exist , hardly .
in the rich world , the millions of us have not yet threatened , hardly yet .
in the rich world , the millions of us have just threaten a generation before a generation , hardly .

und die hauptsächliche lektion , die wir , glaube ich , gelernt haben ist , dass sie wirklich unterschiedlich sind .
and the main lesson i think that we have learned is they are really different .
and the main lesson that we learned , i think , is that they &apos;re really different .
and the main lesson that we think i &apos;ve learned is that they &apos;re really different .

und wenn man ein bild aufnimmt mit einer kamera , endet der prozess , wenn man auf den auslöser drückt .
and when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when you press the trigger .
and if you take a picture with a camera that ends up when you put it on the lion .
and if you take a picture with a camera , the process ends up when you put on the lions .

nun , da der film beim sundance film festival premiere hatte , können wir uns das mal anschauen .
well , since the film premiered at the sundance film festival , let &apos;s take a look .
now , the film with the sundance film , we can look at this time .
well , since the film was at the film festival festival , we can look at that .

wenn sie 10 teams haben , die typisch vorgehen , bekommen sie ca. 6 , die stabile strukturen haben .
if you have 10 teams that typically perform , you &apos;ll get maybe six or so that have standing structures .
when you have 10 teams that are typically going forward , you get about six , you have the stable structures .
if you have 10 teams that are typical , you get about six , you get the stable structures .

er lebt in der tiefsee , ungefähr ein-einhalb meilen tief , bei nahezu kochenden wassertemperaturen .
it lives in the deep ocean , about a mile and a half deep , almost at boiling-water temperatures .
he lives in the deep sea , about a and-a-half miles deep , at nearly virtue of water temperatures .
he lives in the deep sea , about a half and a half miles deep , at almost checking water temperatures .

es sitzt tatsächlich so fest an seinem platz , dass ich es schütteln kann , ohne dass das messer herunterfällt .
in fact it &apos;s held so tightly in place that i can shake it , and the knife does not come off .
in fact , it &apos;s so close to its place that i can shake it without the knife .
it &apos;s actually so clear to his place that i can shake it , without the knife fall down .

ich muss dazu erst mal ein bisschen ausholen , und zwar beschäftigt sich biohacking eben mit der modernen molekularbiologie .
i &apos;ll have to provide some background information here , biohacking deals with modern molecular biology .
i need to get a little bit out of it , and that is , biohacking molecular biology with modern molecular biology .
i &apos;ve got to get a little bit of a little bit , and it &apos;s a little bit of biohacking with modern molecular biology .

wissen sie , in den nächsten 50 jahren werden wir 70 prozent mehr nahrung anbauen müssen als im moment . 70 prozent .
you know , in the next 50 years we &apos;re going to have to grow 70 percent more food than we do right now , 70 percent .
you know , in the next 50 years , we &apos;re going to have to build more food for more food than at the moment . 70 percent .
you know , in the next 50 years , we &apos;re going to have to build 70 percent more food than in the moment . 70 percent .

denn ich glaube , dass der schlüssel zur bestmöglichen auswahl ist , dass man bei der auswahl wählerisch ist .
because i believe that the key to getting the most from choice is to be choosy about choosing .
because i believe that the key to the best choice is to chose the choice of choice .
because i think the key to the best choice is that you &apos;re voted in choice .

ein teil des eises in den eisbergen die ich photographiere ist sehr jung – einige tausend jahre alt .
some of the ice in the icebergs that i photograph is very young -- a couple thousand years old .
part of the icon in the iceberg i &apos;m interested in is very young -- a few thousand years old .
a part of the ice in the ice mountains i &apos;m very young -- some thousand years old .

das entstellt und verzerrt ganze egos und es erzeugt all diese unerreichbaren erwartungen an den erfolg .
it just completely warps and distorts egos , and it creates all these unmanageable expectations about performance .
and that displaces and shredded whole egos , and it creates all these unexpected expectations of success .
and it turns out , and it creates all of the egos , and it creates all these unable expectations of success .

innerhalb einer kurzen zeitspanne glauben wir , wir könnten in der lage sein eine der grundlegenden fragen des lebens zu lösen .
so , in a short period of time , we think that we might be able to increase what the basic question is of &quot; what is life ? &quot;
within a short period of time , we could be able to solve a fundamental questions of life .
within a short period of time , we think we could be able to solve one of the fundamental questions of life .

allein in den letzten zwanzig jahren sind fünfzehntausend tonnen uran auf unseren feldern in deutschland verteilt worden .
in the last twenty years alone , fifteen thousand tonnes of uranium was put onto our fields in germany .
in the last 20 years , tens of thousands of tons of audiences have been distributed on our land in germany .
in the last 20 years , five thousand tons of uranium have been distributed to our fields in germany .

sie können das leisten , weil wenn man sie sehr weit abkühlt , werden sie zu sogenannten supraleitern .
they can do that because when they are very cold they are what &apos;s called superconducting wire .
you can do that because when you cool them very far , they &apos;re called the superconductor .
you can afford that because if you cook them very far , they will be called the superconductor .

ich ordnete fluide an um ihn zu rehydrieren und bat meinen kollegen ihn ebenfalls zu begutachten .
i ordered some fluids to rehydrate him and asked my colleague to reassess him .
i was tired of tide to paint him , and asked my colleagues to guard him as well .
i was talking to refer him to rehydrant , and asked my colleagues to beam him as well .

das ist die linke hälfte , die die logische seite ist und dann die rechte hälfte , die die intuitive seite ist .
there &apos;s the left half , which is the logical side , and then the right half , which is the intuitive .
that &apos;s the left half that &apos;s the logical side , and then half the right side is the intuitive .
this is the left half , which is the logical side , and then the right half , which is the intuitive side .

er blickte einfach in den himmel und sagte : <unk> entschuldigung , kannst du nicht sehen , dass ich auto fahre ? <unk>
he just looked up at the sky , and he said , &quot; excuse me , can you not see that i &apos;m driving ? &quot;
he just kind of looked into the sky and said , &quot; excuse me , can &apos;t you see that i &apos;m driving car ?
he just looked into the sky and said , &quot; sorry , can you see that i can &apos;t see cars ?

und wenn man sich beispielsweise die unabhängigkeitserklärung ansieht , sprechen sie über natur und den gott der natur .
and if you look , for example , in the declaration of independence , they talk about nature and nature &apos;s god .
and for example , if you look at the decline of independence , you &apos;re talking about nature and god .
and if you look at the independence of independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .

die hälfte der kunden geht wird von den vielen möglichkeiten , 56 autofarben zu den geringen möglichkeiten , vier getriebe .
so half of the customers are going to go from high choice , 56 car colors , to low choice , four gearshifts .
half of the clients are going to go from the many possibilities , 56 colors to the possibilities , four curves .
half of the customers are going to go from many ways to 56 automatically to the possibilities , four operations .

es sind mehr menschen stehen geblieben , wenn es 24 waren , ungefähr 60 prozent , als wenn es sechs waren , ungefähr 40 prozent .
more people stopped when there were 24 , about 60 percent , than when there were six , about 40 percent .
it &apos;s more people stayed if they were 24 , about 60 percent than if they were about six percent .
there are more people left when it was 24 , about 60 percent , when it was six percent , about 40 percent .

also , er sagt , es ist derzeit vollkommen logisch , dass spieler mehr zeit in der virtuellen welt als in der echten verbringen .
so , he says for now it makes perfect sense for gamers to spend more time in virtual worlds than the real world .
so , he says it &apos;s completely logical , that more players spend more time in the virtual world than in real world .
so , he says , it &apos;s completely logically logically logically , that players spend more time in the virtual world than in the real world .

und ich will damit keinesfalls die auswirkung bzw. die schwere des kampfs eines menschen herabsetzen .
and , certainly , i &apos;m not trying to diminish the impact , the weight , of a person &apos;s struggle .
and i want to emphasize the impact , the severe camel of a human being .
and i want to get the impact of the impact , the severe of a man .

sie müssen dann eher auf einen saisonalspeicher gehen und winter-sommer und nicht nur tag-nacht ausgleichen .
you will then rather have to go to a seasonal reservoir and balance out winter to summer and not only day to night .
you &apos;ve got to go on a season of season and winters summer , and not just the same night .
you have to go to a saisoney memory and winter summer , and not just tags at night .

die andere hälfte der kunden geht von den geringen möglichkeiten , vier getriebe , zu den 56 autofarben , viele möglichkeiten .
the other half of the customers are going to go from low choice , four gearshifts , to 56 car colors , high choice .
the other half of the clients go away from the possibilities , four curves , to the 56 colors , many possibilities .
the other half of the clients go from the germs , four operations , the 56 car colors , many possibilities .

und was bedeutet denn eigentlich natürlich , intuitiv und wie funktionieren unsere kanäle der wahrnehmung und wie funktioniert die kognitive verarbeitung ?
and what does intuitive mean and how do our channels of perception work and how does cognitive processing work ?
and what does it mean because , of course , intuitive , intuitively , how does our channels work and how does the cognitive processing workers work ?
and what does it mean , of course , intuitive and how do we work our chances of perception and how does the cognitive processing ?

nun , die ingenieure unter ihnen werden sie betrachten und sagen , &quot; nein das tun sie nicht . das sind kleine drähte . &quot;
now the engineers amongst you will look at them and say , &quot; no they don &apos;t . they &apos;re small wires . &quot;
now , the engineers will look at you and say , &quot; no , they &apos;re not . these are little wires . &quot;
now , the engineers are going to look at them and say , &quot; no , you don &apos;t . these are little drones . &quot;

und dann geht er und stürzt sich in mehr gerede von seltenen vögeln und algen und seltsamen wasserpflanzen .
and then he &apos;s off , launching into more talk about rare birds and algaes and strange aquatic plants .
and then he goes and goes down in more and more rigid birds and algae and very strange plants .
and then he goes , and he goes into more of rare birds and algae and strange plants .

jetzt können wir wieder den zweiten satz bilden und können sagen , wenn wolf singer recht hat , dann hat er keine willensfreiheit .
now we can come up with the second theorem and say : if wolf singer is right , then he has no free will .
now we can train the second sentence , and say , if wolf &apos;s right , then he doesn &apos;t have any kind of freedom .
now we can reform the second sentence and say , if wolf singer has right , he doesn &apos;t have a willingness .

je mehr möglichkeiten es gibt , desto einfacher ist es überhaupt nichts zu bereuen das ist enttäuschend für die wahl die sie treffen .
the more options there are , the easier it is to regret anything at all that is disappointing about the option that you chose .
the more opportunities we have , the easier it is , the nothing to do , the disappointment that you have for the choice .
the more possibilities there are , the easier it is to have nothing to be in your mind is disappointed for the choice you .

eines tages rief der chef der firma an und fragte , ob ich bei einer veranstaltung vortragen könnte über die nachhaltigkeit der farm .
one day , the head of the company called and asked if i &apos;d speak at an event about the farm &apos;s sustainability .
one day the ceo of the company called the head , and i asked if i could carry an event about the sustainability of the farm .
one day , the chef of the company called the company and asked if i could carry on a meeting about the sustainability of the farm .

wir hatten das vogt -zeitalter , wir hab hatten das maschinenzeitalter und wir beschreiten nun das so genannte cyber-zeitalter .
the question is , what will come next ?
we had the vocational age , we had the machine age of machine age , and we were now describing the description of cyberattacks .
we had the voyage age , we had the machine age , and we now describes the so-called cyberage .

es wird bereits an einem rechtssystem gearbeitet , dass managern erlaubt teilzunehmen , und es wird auch an einem externen rechtssystem gearbeitet .
they &apos;re putting in place a legal system that could allow for managers to come in , and also an external legal system .
it &apos;s already been working on a legal system that allows participation to participate , and it &apos;s been working on an external system .
it &apos;s already working on a legal system that allows management to participate , and it &apos;s also working on an external legal system .

du meine güte , wir erreichen bald die 70 prozent abdeckungsrate von mobiltelefonen in entwicklungsländern bis zum ende von 2013 .
my goodness , we &apos;re going to hit 70 percent penetration of cellphones in the developing world by the end of 2013 .
you mean , we &apos;re going to get to the 70 percent decline of mobile phone in developing countries by 2013 .
you mean , we &apos;re soon reaching the 70 percent reduction rate of mobile phones in developing countries to the end of 2013 .

wir können auf der insel schon mal damit anfangen , elektromobilität zu integrieren , rumzufragen , kann man denn die last managen .
we can start integrating electro-mobility on the island already , and to ask around whether the load can be managed .
we can start to integrate the island for an electric mobility , rumless questions , because you can manage the burden .
we can do it on the island for a time to integrate electrokindness , rubber questions , because you can ask the burden .

ein epischer sieg ist ein ergebnis , das so überaus positiv ist , dass sie vorher gar nicht wussten , dass es überhaupt möglich war .
an epic win is an outcome that is so extraordinarily positive you had no idea it was even possible until you achieved it .
a episode is a result which is so positive that it didn &apos;t even know it was possible at all .
an episode is a result that is so positive that they didn &apos;t know that it was possible .

und der nächste eintrag , den wir bekommen haben lautete , &quot; ich ging dort hinüber , fand die mülltonne hinter dem haus .
and the next report we got said , &quot; i walked over to this location , found the trashcan behind the house .
and the next one that we got was , &quot; i went out there thinking about the trash behind the house .
and the next assignment that we &apos;ve got was laughter , &quot; i went there , i found the coil behind the house .

aber das abhanden sein von einem metaphorischen goldfischglas ist ein rezept für elend , und , ich vermute , katastrophe .
but the absence of some metaphorical fishbowl is a recipe for misery , and , i suspect , disaster .
but the handicap of an metaphorical goldfish glass is a recipe for recipe , and i suspect , disaster .
but this is the abhandiment of a orphantom fishery glass is a recipe for elevated , and i suspect .

es machte mir angst , dass ich die fähigkeit verlieren könnte , den sonnenuntergang genießen können ohne kamera und ohne tweet an meine freunde .
i was terrified by this idea that i would lose the ability to enjoy and appreciate the sunset without having my camera on me , without tweeting it to my friends .
i was afraid that i could lose the ability to enjoy the sun without any camera , without my friends .
it made me fear that i could lose the ability to enjoy the sun without camera without camera and without tweet my friends .

es gab buntbarsche von ca. 20 zentimetern , schwarzkinnmaulbrüter , eine unterart der buntbarsche .
and it had tilapia about 20 centimeters , a species of tilapia called blackchin tilapia .
there were about 20 inches of diameter , black lights , a kind of underwear .
there were colorful barrels of about 20 inches , black black walls , a kind of the federal barrier .

und ich sollte erwähnen , dass ich bauspeicheldrüsenkrebs habe , und dass ich möchte , dass sie sich bitte beeilen . &quot;
and i should mention that i have pancreatic cancer , and i &apos;d like you to please be quick about this . &quot;
and i should mention that i have pancreatic cancer , and i want you to behave . &quot;
and i should mention that i have pancreatic cancer , and that i want you to please behave . &quot;

das heißt , ich kann eben so ein intuitives , menschliches handlungsmodell auf eine software übertragen und damit die software wesentlich benutzungsfreundlicher machen .
that means i can transfer an intuitive , human performance model onto a software and can so make the software considerably more user friendly .
that is , i can use such a intuitive , human model , transforming a software and transforming the software usage .
that means that i can just give you an intuitive , human action model on software , and make the software to make a lot of useful friendship .

und wenn ich jemandem sage , gib mir mal salz oder pfeffer , dann wird er beim rechten erstmal überlegen , wo ist was drin .
and if i say to someone , pass me the salt or the pepper , they &apos;d have to first think about what &apos;s in what with the right one .
and when i say someone , give me sales or pink , he will think about the right way , which is what &apos;s in the middle .
and if i say somebody , give me a salt or a fat , he &apos;s going to be in the right time where it &apos;s in the right place .

immer , wenn ich mich auf den weg mache , und immer , wenn ich den medizinschrank öffne , werden sie ban deodorant sehen .
any time i &apos;m ready to go , any time i open up my medicine cabinet , you will see ban deodorant .
every time i get on the way , and whenever i open my medical chin , you &apos;ll see deodorant .
always , when i go to the way , and whenever i open the medical line , you &apos;ll see deodorant .

lassen sie mich eines ganz klar sagen . al gore , nancy pelosi , harry reid , sie wissen nicht , wovon sie reden .
let me be clear about it . al gore , nancy pelosi , harry reid , they don &apos;t know what they &apos;re talking about .
let me tell you one very clearly . al gore , nancy posi , harry , you don &apos;t know what you &apos;re talking about .
let me tell you one very clearly . al gore , nancy pelosi , harry riry , you don &apos;t know what you &apos;re talking about .

diese noten sind ungefähr genauso genau oder ungenau , wie eine verbale , wenn auch sehr scheinbar penibelst genaue , beschreibung einer landschaft .
these notes are about as precise or imprecise as the verbal description of a landscape , even if that might seem extremely precise .
these notes are just as accurate , just as one verbal as it is , even if it &apos;s very appearance , description , descriptions of a landscape .
these notes are about exactly the same or not exactly the same , as a connected , even if very apparently penious belongs , description of a landscape .

dies ist eine 18 cm lange hutnadel . sie ist sehr , sehr spitz . und ich werde sie zunächst ein kleines bisschen sterilisieren .
this is a seven-inch hatpin . it &apos;s very , very sharp , and i &apos;m going to just sterilize it a tiny bit .
this is a 18 inch cm for a long time . it &apos;s very , very , very z . and i &apos;m going to give you a little bit of sterility .
this is a 18 inches long hutneedle . it &apos;s very , very z . and i &apos;m going to get you a little bit of stars .

wenn sie sich auf diesen weg begeben , wo glaube und magie belege und wissenschaft ersetzen , gelangen sie an einen ort , an dem sie nicht sein wollen .
when you start down the road where belief and magic replace evidence and science , you end up in a place you don &apos;t want to be .
if you &apos;re on that path , where magic and magic shows and science , you get a place where you don &apos;t want to be .
if you put yourself on this way , where magic and magic and science is replacing , you &apos;re going to get a place where you don &apos;t want to be .

durch die nicht teilnahme geben sie bis zu 5000 us $ pro jahr auf von dem arbeitsgeber , der glücklich gewesen wäre ihren beitrag zu vermehren .
by not participating , they are passing up as much as 5,000 dollars a year from the employer , who would happily match their contribution .
by unparalleling them down to 50,000 dollars a year , on the labor of labor , which would have been more happy to feed their contribution .
by the way , they give them to 50,000 dollars a year on the workforce that would have been happy to contribute to their contribution .

es heißt pivot und was ich mit pivot machen kann ist , dass ich nach einer bestimmten todesursache filtern kann , sagen wir unfälle .
it &apos;s called pivot , and with pivot what i can do is i can choose to filter in one particular cause of deaths -- say , accidents .
it &apos;s called pivot , and what i can do with pivot is that i can film through a particular cause of death , say , unaccidents .
it &apos;s called pivot , and what i can do with pivot is i can filter after a certain death cause of death , we say unaccidents .

und von diesen 6000 sprachen werden heute , während wir hier in monterey sitzen , genau die hälfte nicht mehr in die ohren von kindern geflüstert .
and of those 6,000 languages , as we sit here today in monterey , fully half are no longer being whispered into the ears of children .
and of those 6,000 languages today , as we sit here in monterey , that half of the ears are sitting in the oars of children .
and from these 6,000 languages today , as we sit here in monterey , half not anymore in the ears of children .

ich weiss nicht , ob dies den größten jubel erzeugte , oder dies , als jemand die google seite besuchte und die startseite so vorfand .
i don &apos;t know whether this got the biggest cheer , or this , when someone went onto google and saw the front page was like that .
i don &apos;t know if this was the largest jewish officer , or this was when someone visited the google page and started to get the strong front .
i don &apos;t know if this was the largest judge , or this was when someone visited the google side and found the starvation .

ich denke , dass es schwer wird , sie zu treffen , aber ich denke , es ist es auf jeden fall wert , einige wirklich bekannte marken anzusprechen .
i think that you &apos;re going to have a hard time meeting with them , but i think it &apos;s certainly worth pursuing a couple big , really obvious brands .
i think it &apos;s going to be hard to meet them , but i think it &apos;s definitely worth sharing brands .
i think it &apos;s hard to meet them , but i think it &apos;s worth counting every case , some really familiar with march .

ich würde mich also deutliche besser mit der ganzen sache fühlen , wenn wir irgendwie zeigen könnten , dass alltagsgegenstände auch den regeln der quantenmechanik folgen .
and so i &apos;d feel a lot better about the whole thing if we could somehow show that an everyday object also follows quantum mechanics .
so i would feel better about the whole thing if we could somehow show that everyday objects also follow quantum mechanics .
so i would feel more german with the whole thing if we could somehow show that everyday objects also follow the quantum rules of quantum mechanics .

heute , ich weiß nicht , vielleicht stieg heute morgen jemand in lagos in ein flugzeug und fliegt gerade nach los angeles , im moment ist er über ohio .
today , i don &apos;t know , maybe a guy got on a plane in lagos this morning , and he &apos;s flying to lax , right now he &apos;s over ohio .
today , i don &apos;t know , maybe a morning in lagos walks in lagos , and just fly to los angeles , right now , he &apos;s over ohio .
now , i don &apos;t know today , maybe i don &apos;t know , somebody in lagos in lagos , and i &apos;m going to fly around los angeles , right now , is about ohio .

und sie wissen auch , wie viel feindseligkeit aus dieser wahren auskunft , auch der spiegel kann nicht lügen , aus dieser wahren auskunft entspringt .
and you also know how much hostility arises from this piece of truth , for the mirror can &apos;t lie , from this piece of truth .
and they also know how much hostility of this environment can &apos;t lie , but the mirror lies can &apos;t be made from that real extent .
and you also know how much hostility of this true , but the mirror can &apos;t lie out of this true outcome .

eine oder zwei stunden später , wenn ich ihr begegnete , kam sie auf mich zu und sagte : » bryan , fühlst du noch meine umarmung ? «
and an hour or two later , if i saw her , she &apos;d come over to me and she &apos;d say , &quot; bryan , do you still feel me hugging you ? &quot;
one or two hours later , when i met her , she came up to me and she said , &quot; huyan , are you going to hug my hug ? &quot;
one or two hours later , when i meet her , she came to me and said , &quot; bryan , are you feeling my argman ? &quot;

okay , lassen sie uns das überdenken . eine farm , die ihre tiere nicht füttert und eine farm , die ihren erfolg an der gesundheit ihrer räuber misst .
okay , so let &apos;s review : a farm that doesn &apos;t feed its animals , and a farm that measures its success on the health of its predators .
okay , let &apos;s think about that . a farm that doesn &apos;t feed your animals and a farm that measures their success in health .
okay , let &apos;s think about it . one farm that doesn &apos;t feed your animals and a farm that mixes their success of health .

es wurde mir immer und immer wieder bewiesen , wenn in dieser woche menschen auf mich zu kamen , einfach nur wegen dem , was ich trug . und ich hatte großartige gespräche .
it &apos;s been proven to me time and time again as people have walked up to me this week simply because of what i &apos;m wearing , and we &apos;ve had great conversations .
it was always proven to me , and over and over again , when that week people came up to me , just because of what i was wearing , and i had great conversations .
it was always proposed to me and over and over again , when people came to me in this week , just because of what i was wearing , and i had great conversations .

und schließlich sagt er : &quot; schauen sie , können sie einfach alle türen in ihrem haus öffnen und sehr laute musik spielen und sehen , ob das vieh abhaut ? &quot;
and finally , he says , &quot; look , can you just open all the doors to your house and play music really loud and see if the thing leaves ? &quot;
and finally , he says , &quot; look , can you just open all the doors in your house and use very sound and see if the livestock ? &quot;
and finally , he says , &quot; look , can you just open all the doors in your house and see very laughter music and see if the livestock skin ? &quot;

aber vielleicht muss es nicht ganz so voller pein sein , wenn sie von anfang an nicht geglaubt haben , dass die außergewöhnlichsten aspekte ihres daseins von ihnen kämen .
but maybe it doesn &apos;t have to be quite so full of anguish if you never happened to believe , in the first place , that the most extraordinary aspects of your being came from you .
but maybe it doesn &apos;t have to be so full of a pure , if you didn &apos;t believe in the beginning , that the most extraordinary aspects of your life are coming from you .
but maybe it doesn &apos;t have to be so full of a plot , if you didn &apos;t think about the most extraordinary aspect of your one of them .

ich meine , es kann seltsam klingen darüber nachzudenken , dass ein ding zur gleichen zeit an zwei verschiedenen orten ist , aber sie wurden mit dieser idee nicht geboren , sie haben sie entwickelt .
i mean , it can sound weird to think about one thing being in two different places at the same time , but you weren &apos;t born with this notion , you developed it .
i mean , it can make strange claim that a thing is at the same time in two different places , but they haven &apos;t been born with this idea , they &apos;ve developed .
i mean , it can be strange to think that a thing is at the same time in two different places , but they weren &apos;t born with this idea , they developed them .

und letztendlich , samstag : einen eigenen , einzigartigen , persönlichen stil zu entwickeln , ist eine tolle art , der welt etwas über einen zu erzählen , ohne dabei ein wort sagen zu müssen .
and finally , saturday : developing your own unique personal style is a really great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
and finally , saturday , one , unique , personal style , is a great way to tell the world about one , without saying a word .
and finally , saturday : a unique , personal style , personal style , is a great way to tell the world something about a word without saying a word .

es war faszinierend , denn einer der wissenschaftler stand nach meinem vortrag auf und sagte : » wissen sie , es ist zutiefst verstörend , sie so reden zu hören . «
it was fascinating because one of the scholars stood up after the presentation and said , &quot; well you know it &apos;s deeply troubling to hear what you &apos;re talking about . &quot;
it was fascinating , because one of the scientists that i told my talk about , and she said , &quot; you know , it &apos;s deeply disturbing , so you talk about it . &quot;
it was fascinating , because one of the scientists stood up after my talk and said , &quot; you know , it &apos;s deeply disrupted to hear this . &quot;

nun ist es also soweit . und für alle jene die damals nicht da waren , der lhc ist das größte wissenschaftliche experiment welches je angegangen wurde -- 27 kilometer im durchmesser .
so this is it . and for those of you that weren &apos;t there , the lhc is the largest scientific experiment ever attempted -- 27 kilometers in circumference .
so it &apos;s so far . and for those of you who were not there at the time , the lhc is the largest scientific experiment ever done -- in diameter of diameter .
so it &apos;s far . and for those of you who weren &apos;t there , the lhc is the largest scientific experiment that has ever been done -- 27 kilometers in diameter .

und es ist diese spielerische neugier die uns forschen lässt , und interagieren . und die unerwarteten verknüpfungen , die wir bilden , sind der wirkliche nährboden der kreativität .
and it &apos;s that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , drives us to interact , and then the unexpected connections we form are the real hotbed for creativity .
and it &apos;s this playful curiosity that we &apos;re constantly interacting , and the unexpected expectations that we &apos;re creating are the real nutritional nutrients of creativity .
and it &apos;s this game curiosity that lets us explore and interact , and the unexpected challenges that we are , are the real nutrition of creativity .

und wenn man die geschwindigkeit dieses rotors manipuliert , dann ist man tatsächlich in der lage den rotor zu knacken und schließlich sogar , die zentrifuge explodieren zu lassen .
and if you manipulate the speed of this rotor , you are actually able to crack the rotor and eventually even have the centrifuge explode .
and if you &apos;re manipulating the speed of this rose , you &apos;re actually able to hop into the red bar and actually let the furious blows down .
and if you manipulate the speed of this root , you &apos;re actually able to crack the rotor , and finally , even the centrifuge exploded .

das ist ein volk , welches nicht kognitiv zwischen den farben blau und grün unterscheidet , da das himmelszelt dem wald , von dem die menschen abhängen , gleichgestellt ist .
now , this is a people who cognitively do not distinguish the color blue from the color green because the canopy of the heavens is equated to the canopy of the forest upon which the people depend .
this is a people that don &apos;t cognitively distinguish between the colors and the green , because the sky is shaped by the forest that people depend on is equal .
this is a people , which is not cognitive between the colors of the blue and green , because the hip of the forest that people depend on .

und weil sie körperlich viel härter arbeiten als wir und weil sie nur drei bis sechs monate leben , entsprechen sie in ihrem gewicht , im energieverbrauch etwas dreißig milliarden menschen .
and because they work so much harder physically than we do and only live for three to six months , their weight , their energy consumption amounts to that of thirty billion people .
and because they work a lot harder than we are , and because they &apos;re only talking about three to six months , they &apos;re in their weight , they &apos;re in the energy consumption , they &apos;re three-and-a-half billion people .
and because they &apos;re working much harder than we do , and because it &apos;s only three to six months , they talk in their weight , in their energy consumption , something three-billion people .

tatsache also ist , dass die weiße pille nicht so gut wirkt wie die blaue pille , die nicht so gut wirkt wie eine kapsel , die nicht so gut wirkt wie die nadel .
the point is the white pill is not as good as the blue pill is not as good as the capsule is not as good as the needle .
so , the white pill is not as good as the blue mushe , the ball doesn &apos;t work as well as the capsule as not as good as the needle as the needle .
so the fact is that the white mushroom doesn &apos;t work as well as the blue mushroom that doesn &apos;t work as well as a capsule that doesn &apos;t do so well as the nail .

und wenn sie mit ihren teilchen spielen , stellen sie alle möglichen seltsamen dinge fest -- wie dass sie direkt durch mauern fliegen , oder dass sie zur gleichen zeit an zwei verschiedenen orten sein können .
and when they play with their particles , they find they do all sorts of really weird things -- like they can fly right through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
and when they play with their particles , they provide all sorts of weird things -- how they can fly directly through the walls , or that they can be at the same time in two different places .
and if you play with your particles , you put all kinds of weird things -- as you fly directly through walls , or you can be at the same time in two different places .

dem autor des buches the story<unk> animal , jonathan gottschall , zufolge verbingen wir immer noch jährlich eintausendneunhundert stunden mit der rezeption von geschichten .
according to the author of the book the storytelling animal , jonathan gottschall , we still spend one thousand nine hundred hours a year on the reception of stories .
the author of the book , the jonathan ever , jonathan jar of god , we &apos;re still attached to a hundred hours of receptacle by stories .
the author of the book of the book , jonathan , jonathan , we &apos;re still talking about a year ago , a hundred and a hundred hours of receptions .

vor ungefähr 12 jahren wurde eine geschichte veröffentlicht , eine schreckliche geschichte , die die autismus-epidemie mit dem masern , mumps , und röteln impfstoff in verbindung brachte .
about 12 years ago , there was a story published , a horrible story , that linked the epidemic of autism to the measles , mumps and rubella vaccine shot .
about 12 years ago , a story was published , a horrible story that brought the autism muscle to the maslow , mutated and vaccinated in vaccine .
about 12 years ago , a story was published , a terrible story that brought the autism epidemic with the mask , mute , mute , and tube vaccine .

mein vater , zum beispiel , war chemiker und ich kann mich an keine situation in seinen 40 jahren als chemiker erinnern , in der er gefragt wurde , ob er angst hätte , chemiker zu sein .
like my dad , for example , was a chemical engineer and i don &apos;t recall once in his 40 years of chemical engineering anybody asking him if he was afraid to be a chemical engineer , you know ?
my father , for example , was chemist , and i can &apos;t remember anything in his situation for 40 years as a chemist who was asked if he was afraid to be a chemist .
my father , for example , was chemist , and i can &apos;t remember a situation in his 40 years as a chemist who was asked if he was afraid to be chemist .

nathaniel verließ juilliard , erlitt einen nervenzusammenbruch und 30 jahre später lebte er als obdachloser auf den straßen von skid row im zentrum von los angeles .
nathaniel dropped out of juilliard , he suffered a complete breakdown , and 30 years later he was living homeless on the streets of skid row in downtown los angeles .
nathaniel asian jeliard , suffered a nerve breakdown , and 30 years later , he lived in homeless on the streets of skid row in the center of los angeles .
nathaniel , juilliard made a nerd breakdown and 30 years later , he lived as homeless on the streets of scarcity in the center of los angeles .

sie machte mir dieses telepräsenz-erlebnis bewusst , dass man solch roboterhafte avatare verwenden und so das eigene bewusstsein in das fahrzeug , in diese andere form der existenz verlegen kann .
and it really made me realize that the telepresence experience -- that you actually can have these robotic avatars , then your consciousness is injected into the vehicle , into this other form of existence .
she was doing this telepresence experience , that you can use such a robotic avatar , and so you can use the conscious experience in the vehicle , so that this other form of existence can move along .
she made me realize this telepresence experience that you can use such robotic aerial adication , and so that consciousness in the vehicle , in this other form of existence .

der dropper streift aktiv auf der grauen box umher , wenn eine spezielle konfiguration entdeckt wurde . sogar , wenn das spezielle programm , welches es zu infizieren versucht auf diesem ziel läuft .
the dropper is prowling actively on the gray box if a specific configuration is found , and even if the actual program code that it &apos;s trying to infect is actually running on that target .
the drone who puts it on the gray box , if a specific configuration was discovered , even if the special program tried to identify its destiny in this goal .
the drugs are active on the crude box , when a special configuration was discovered , even if the special program is trying to go into this goal .

ist ihnen klar , dass wir daraus nutzen ziehen können und die mechanismen eines gemeinsamen bakterium requirieren können um das protein des menschlichen insulins zu produzieren , welches verwendet wird um diabetiker zu behandeln ?
do you realize that we can take advantage and commandeer the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of human insulin used to treat diabetics ?
do you realize that we can take advantage of that , and we can produce the mechanisms of a common bacteria to produce the human insulin , which is used to treat diabetic care ?
is it clear that we can use that , and then we can use the mechanisms of a common bacterium to produce the protein of the human insulin , which is used to treat yourself ?

und wenn man den menschen die wenn man den menschen es abspricht zu existieren , wenn man sagt , das wäre besser , du wärst gar nicht da , dann werden sie raffgierig und feindselig .
and if you deny people the if you deny people their existence , if you say , it would be better if you weren &apos;t here at all , people become grabby and hostile .
and if you ask the people when you give it to people , when you say that , you &apos;re better off , you &apos;re not going to be there , you &apos;re going to be a giraffy and hostile .
and if you give people the people to exist , if you &apos;re going to say , you &apos;re better , you &apos;re not warm , you &apos;re going to get rafferce and hostile .

wenn wir sehr erfolgreich mit neuen impfstoffen , der gesundheitsvorsorgung und reproduktionsmedizin sind könnten wir das wohl um 10 % bis 15 % senken , aber zur zeit sehen wir eine steigung um 1,3 .
now , if we do a really great job on new vaccines , health care , reproductive health services , we could lower that by , perhaps , 10 or 15 percent , but there we see an increase of about 1.3 .
if we could do very successfully with a new vaccine , the health care system , and reproduction medicine is probably about 10 percent by 15 percent , but at the time we see a slope of 1.3 .
if we &apos;re very successful with new vaccines , the health care and production medicine , we might probably be about 10 percent to 15 percent , but at the time we &apos;re going to see a stability to 1.3 .

schlussendlich wird eine gesellschaft nicht daran gemessen , wie sie ihre reichen und mächtigen und privilegierten behandelt , sondern daran , wie sie mit den armen umgeht , den verurteilten , den inhaftierten .
ultimately , you judge the character of a society , not by how they treat their rich and the powerful and the privileged , but by how they treat the poor , the condemned , the incarcerated .
finally , a society is not measured on how they treat their rich and powerful and privileged , but how to contain the poor , the convicted , the incarcerated .
finally , a society is not going to measure how they treat their rich and privilege and privileged and privilege , but how they go with the poor , the vibrant .

zum beispiel in deutschland nur vor ein paar wochen der sogenannte staatstrojaner gefunden . das war ein trojaner , der von deutschen regierungsvertretern verwendet wurde , um ihre eigenen bürger zu bespitzeln .
for example , in germany , just a couple of weeks ago the so-called state trojan was found , which was a trojan used by german government officials to investigate their own citizens .
for example , in germany , just a few weeks ago , the state of governance , which was a trojan who was used by german officials to beat their own citizens .
for example , in germany only a couple of weeks ago , we found this was a tropical jane , which was used by german regions to bend their own citizens .

es stellt sich heraus , dass es in den wegmans supermärkten oben und unten im nordost bereich , variiert die anzahl zwischen 331 verschiedenen arten von zeitschriften bis hoch zu 664 zeitschriften hat .
it turns out that in wegmans grocery stores up and down the northeast corridor , the magazine aisles range anywhere from 331 different kinds of magazines all the way up to 664 .
it turns out that there are supermarkets at the supermarkets , and at the bottom of the northeast , the variation between 3331 different types of magazines up to 64 magazines .
it turns out it &apos;s in the world supermarkets up and down in the northeast , the number of 31 different types of magazines to 64 magazines .

während sie erkannten , wie man die hände ausstreckt und zugreift , die klötze aufnimmt und bewegt , lernten sie tatsächlich , zu überlegen und probleme durch das verstehen und verändern räumlicher zusammenhänge zu lösen .
as you figured out how to reach out and grasp , pick them up and move them around , you were actually learning how to think and solve problems by understanding and manipulating spatial relationships .
as they realized how to stretch the hands and the advocacy , the utilities are taking off and move , they actually have to look through the problems and change how to fix the wheels .
as they realized how to remove the hands and take the hands , the claws moving up , and they actually learn to try to understand and understand problems and change the problems and change the wheels .

oder , einer der faszinierendsten stämme , mit denen ich jemals gelebt habe , die waorani im nordosten von ecuador , ein erstaunliches volk , das erstmals im jahr 1958 friedlich kontaktiert wurde .
or , one of the most fascinating tribes i ever lived with , the waorani of northeastern ecuador , an astonishing people first contacted peacefully in 1958 .
or , one of the most fascinating tribes that i &apos;ve ever lived with have ever lived , the anorani in the northeast of ecuador , an amazing people who first lived in 1958 in 1958 was contacted .
or , one of the most fascinating tribes that i &apos;ve ever lived with , the oranorani in the northeast of ador , a amazing people who first lived in 1958 .

da gibt es hackteria dot org , das ist ursprünglich aus der schweiz , das ist mit europa und mit einer kooperation in indien basiertes netzwerk , das aber mittlerweile mitglieder oder aktive leute überall auf der welt hat .
there &apos;s hackteria dot org , which originally comes from switzerland , and it &apos;s a network based in europe with a cooperation in india , but it has members and active people all over the world by now .
there &apos;s hackounce org , which is originally the swiss switzerland , and it &apos;s with a cooperation in india , but it &apos;s now known for years or members of people all over the world .
there &apos;s hacka dot doorg , this is originally from switzerland , which is with europe and with a cooperation in india , but the network of people around the world .

aber ich muss im kern verstehen , im wesen verstehen , wann wird information zu information , wann werden aus daten information und aus information wiederum wissen , damit ich weiß , wie ich nachher dinge auch möglichst intuitiv oder natürlich handhabbar machen kann .
but i have to have a fundamental understanding , to essentially understand when information becomes information , when data becomes information and when , in turn , information becomes knowledge , so that i know how to later make things as intuitive or naturally manageable as possible .
but i need to understand , in the core , in understanding , when information becomes information , when information comes from data and information from information , i know how i do things , because of course , things can be intuitive or intuitive .
but i have to understand in the core of understanding , when information is going to be information , when information is going to be information from information and information , again , i know how i can make things more intuitive or more intuitive .

aber die sache mit tryptaminen ist die , dass sie nicht oral eingenommen werden können , da sie durch ein im menschlichen darm natürlich vorkommendes enzym mit namen monoamin-oxidase , denaturiert werden .
but the thing about tryptamines is they cannot be taken orally because they &apos;re denatured by an enzyme found naturally in the human gut called monoamine oxidase .
but the thing about echocolate is that you can &apos;t be taken into it , because you &apos;re represented by a human gut enzyme of the enzyme name with oxiin oxiin , denounce , atrics .
but the thing about tryptamins is that they can &apos;t be taken by , because of course , in a human darm , of course , with monoceramois , you &apos;re going to be saved .

wir sehen das hier , wenn ich dinge gestalte , dann kann ich sie verwirrend gestalten wie auf der rechten seite , wo ich nicht weiß , was ist salz und pfeffer , oder ich kann sie quasi intuitiv gestalten , indem ich dinge zeige .
we can see that here , when i design things , then i can design them in a confusing way , as you can see here on the right , where i can &apos;t tell which one is salt and which one is pepper , or i can basically design them intuitively , by showing things .
so what we &apos;re seeing here is when i &apos;m looking at things , i can get them confusing on the right-hand side , where i don &apos;t know what salts are and pink , or i can sort of design them , by showing things i &apos;m showing .
we see this here , if i put things up , i can make them confusing it confusing on the right-hand side , where i don &apos;t know what &apos;s salvation and ppez , or i can make it intuitive by making things .

ich habe beim schreiben immer mein synonym-wörterbuch griffbereit , aber ich war mit dem bearbeiten des textes schon fertig , und mir fiel auf , dass ich noch nie in meinem leben nachgeschlagen habe , was das wort &quot; behindert &quot; wirklich bedeutet .
i always keep my thesaurus handy whenever i &apos;m writing anything , but i &apos;d already finished editing the piece , and i realized that i had never once in my life looked up the word &quot; disabled &quot; to see what i &apos;d find .
i &apos;ve always been willing to write my synonymous book , but i &apos;ve been to work with the texture of the texture , and i &apos;ve never seen in my life , which is what the word &quot; disabled . &quot;
i used to write my synonym dictionary , but i was done with the texture of the texture , and i noticed that i &apos;ve never been in my life , which is really disabled .

ich meine , wenn ich alleine im aufzug bin , dann mache ich alle möglichen seltsamen sachen aber dann steigen andere menschen hinzu und ich höre auf all diese dinge zu machen , weil ich sie nicht damit belästigen will , oder , offen gesagt , sie verschrecke .
i mean , when i &apos;m in an elevator all alone , i do all sorts of weird things , but then other people get on board and i stop doing those things because i don &apos;t want to bother them , or , frankly , scare them .
i mean , if i &apos;m alone in the elevator , then i do all kinds of weird things , but then other people go up and i listen to all these things because i don &apos;t want to leave you , or frankly , they said , they disappear .
i mean , if i &apos;m alone in the street , i do all kinds of weird things , but then other people go up and i listen to all these things because i don &apos;t want them to be able to , or frankly , they disappear .

und ich frage mich heute , wie sehr seine vision von mir als starkes und kraftvolles junges mädchen mein selbstbild geformt hat und ich mir so vorstellen konnte , mich als einen von natur aus starken , kraftvollen und atlethischen mensch zu sehen .
and i have to wonder today to what extent his vision and his declaration of me as a strong and powerful little girl shaped my own view of myself as an inherently strong , powerful and athletic person well into the future .
and i wonder , today , how much his vision of me as a strong and powerful girl has shaped my image , and i could imagine myself as a matter of nature , of starbucks , powerful and thlethal human being .
and i wonder today , how much his vision of me as a powerful and powerful girl has shaped my self-portrait image , and i was able to imagine myself as a way of nature from strong , powerful and lethal human .

wir schauen in dieses netz hinein , sehen die fünfzig hertz , und wenn es neunundvierzig komma neun hertz wird , fangen wir ein paar ventilchen aufzumachen , dann geht wieder ein bißchen merh dampf rein , dann kommen wir wieder hoch .
we look into this network , see the fifty hertz , and if it turns into forty nine point nine hertz , we start to open a few small valves , then a little more steam can enter , and then it goes up again .
we see in this web , the fifth grade hertz , and if it &apos;s going to be nine composer , we &apos;re going to start a few valves , go down , and then we go in again a little bit of a bike , and we get in there .
we look in this web , the fifty hertz , and if it &apos;s a nine-four-minute composer , we &apos;re going to start making a couple of valves , then we &apos;re going to go back to the bike , we &apos;re going to get up again .

der kongo ist ein paradox -- ein land außergewöhnlicher artenvielfalt und schönheit , aber auch das herz der dunkelheit selbst -- der schauplatz einer gewalttätigen auseinandersetzung , die seit jahrzehnten wütet und beinah so viele leben gefordert hat wie der erste weltkrieg .
the congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of darkness itself -- the scene of a violent conflict that has raged for decades and claimed nearly as many lives as the first world war .
the congo is a paradox -- a country of an extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the dark self -- the darkness of a violent execution that has been expanded for decades , and many lives have been challenged by the world war .
the congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of darkness itself -- the place of a violent extent that has been devastating for decades and so many lives as much as the world war .

an diesem punkt kommen die patienten ins spiel . sie können nicht nur wieder die kontrolle übernehmen , kapitän auf ihrem eigenen schiff sein , sondern können uns auch beim gesundheitswesen helfen angesichts der herausforderungen , die vor uns liegen , sowie die kostenexplosion des gesundheitswesens , doppelte nachfrage , und so weiter .
and this is the point where patients get into position and can collect , not only their own control again , be captain of their own ship , but also can help us in health care due to the challenges that we face , like health care cost explosion , doubled demand and things like that .
at this point , the patients get to the game . they can &apos;t just take the control over , they can be on their own ship , but can also help us challenge the challenges we face , the challenges , and the civic health care , and so on .
at this point , the patients come into the game . they can &apos;t just take control of control , capitalists on their own ship , but can also help us to help health care about health care of the challenges that we &apos;re going to have , for free of health , twice , and so on .

verstehen sie , dass das nicht nur heißt , das menschen hundefutter essen müssen wenn sie in den ruhestand gehen , weil sie nicht genug geld zum zurücklegen haben , es bedeutet auch , das entscheidungen treffen so schwer ist , dass sie große investitionsangebote ihrer arbeitgeber verpassen .
understand that not only does this mean that people are going to have to eat dog food when they retire because they don &apos;t have enough money put away , it also means that making the decision is so hard that they pass up significant matching money from the employer .
you know , they don &apos;t just mean that means people have to eat food if they &apos;re going to retire the retirement , because they don &apos;t have enough money to go back to , it means that the decisions are so hard to make them make large boats .
you understand that this is not only means that people have to eat famine food if they &apos;re going to go back to the rudder , because they don &apos;t have enough money to go back to the money , it also means making decisions that they &apos;re so hard that they &apos;re going to fit the big investment of their labor .

also wenn sie sich mal google glasses beispielsweise angucken , dann dann ist so ein konzept , was uns die virtuelle welt mit der realen welt wieder kombinieren lässt , das heißt unsere affinität zur virtualisierung , das virtuelle als etwas normales , natürliches zu empfinden , wird wieder angesprochen .
there are technical concepts such as <<unk>> augmented reality <<unk>> .
so if you look at google glass glass , for example , it &apos;s a concept that makes us respond to the virtual world of the real world , which is to combine our monkey to the virtual virtue , which is to find something more natural , more natural .
so if you look at google glass , for example , a concept of what we &apos;re combining virtual world with real real world , which is to recommend our monkey to virtual life , which is something that &apos;s natural , natural , natural , natural , recommend .

ein kontinent wird immer ausgelassen , denn die vermutung war , dass es in schwarzafrika keinen religiösen glauben gebe . natürlich gab es einen und voodoo ist einfach das überbleibsel dieser sehr tiefgehenden religiösen gedanken , die während der tragischen diaspora der sklavereizeit herüberkamen .
there &apos;s always one continent left out , the assumption being that sub-saharan africa had no religious beliefs . well , of course , they did and voodoo is simply the distillation of these very profound religious ideas that came over during the tragic diaspora of the slavery era .
a continent is always going to be excluded , because the idea was that there was no religious faith in sub-saharan africa . of course , there was a voodoo , which is just the overwhelming of these very deep religious religious thoughts , while the tragedy of the diaspora of portion of time .
a continent will always be left , because the assumption was that there was no religious faith in africa . of course , there was a voodoo and odoo is just the very profound idea of this very deep religious thought , while the tragedy of the tragedy of the slahera season .

diese gleichung hat vier faktoren . ein bisschen multiplikation . sie haben dieses ding links - co2 - , das sie richtung null bringen wollen und das wird von der anzahl der menschen abhängen , von den diensten , die jeder mensch im durchschnitt nutzt , der durchschnittlichen energie für jeden dienst und dem co2 , das pro energieeinheit emittiert wird .
this equation has four factors , a little bit of multiplication : so , you &apos;ve got a thing on the left , co2 , that you want to get to zero , and that &apos;s going to be based on the number of people , the services each person &apos;s using on average , the energy on average for each service , and the co2 being put out per unit of energy .
this equation has four factors . a little bit multiplication . you have this thing on the left -- the direction you want to take is zero , and it &apos;s dependent on the number of people , from the service that every person on average , every average person on average , on average , on average , on average , on average , on the energy level , on the energy level , on the energy unit , is getting per unit .
this equation has four factors . a little bit multiplicitly . they have this thing on the left -- co2 -- that they want to get zero to zero , and that &apos;s going to depend from the number of people , the number of people who use each person in the average , the average energy for the average energy and the energy per capita .

und wenn ich das jetzt übertrage , zum beispiel in dem ich orientieren als übersicht auspräge , selektieren als auswahl , informieren in dem falle , es kommt groß auf mich zu , ich kann &apos; s mir im detail angucken , und ja , transagieren heißt , ich kann das auch irgendwo hinwerfen oder jemandem schicken oder einkaufen und so weiter ,
and if i now transfer this , if i let orient take shape as an overview , select as a selection , inform in the case that it comes up close to me , and i can look at in detail , and yes , transact means i can put it somewhere or send someone or do the shopping , etc . ,
and if i &apos;m going to translate this now , for example , in which i consider the oriental view of selective selection as a choice where everyone comes up to me , it &apos;s too big on , i can look at it in the details , and , yes , i can go somewhere else , i can also buy the computer or go and buy it .
and if i translate that now , for example , in which i think of as an overwhelming , select as selection , selection , in which all of them come up to me , i can put it in the details , and i think , &quot; well , i can throw that somewhere , or buy somebody else , or so on .

wenn du jemals die chance haben solltest , in deinem städtisches call-center zu arbeiten , wie unser fellow scott silverman als teil des programms -- in der tat , tun sie das alle -- wirst du sehen , dass die leute , die regierung wegen vieler verschiedenen probleme anrufen , inklusive , dass eine beutelratte in ihrem haus steckt .
if you should ever have the chance to staff your city &apos;s call center , as our fellow scott silverman did as part of the program -- in fact , they all do that -- you will find that people call government with a very wide range of issues , including having an opossum stuck in your house .
if you &apos;ve ever had the chance to have the opportunity to work in your village in an urban center , to work out how our fellow scott you are as part of the program -- in fact , they &apos;re all -- you can see that people , because of the different problems they call problems , including a thylacine in their house .
if you &apos;ve ever got the chance to work in a urban center , in a urban center , like our fellow scott silman , as part of the programming -- in fact , you &apos;re going to do this -- you &apos;re all going to see -- you &apos;re going to see that people who are going to call the government issues of many different problems , including a personal house in their house .

das machte mich zu einem anderen menschen als meine freunde unter den kwakiutl , die glauben , dass diese wälder der aufenthaltsort von hukuk und dem gebogenen himmelsschnabel und den kannibalischen geister sind , die am nordende der welt wohnen , geister , die sie an ihrer hamatsa-initiation beteiligen würden .
that made me a different human being than my friends amongst the kwagiulth who believe that those forests were the abode of huxwhukw and the crooked beak of heaven and the cannibal spirits that dwelled at the north end of the world , spirits they would have to engage during their hamatsa initiation .
and that made me think of another human being as my friends under the kutl , who believe that this forests in the grasslands of huk and the hipper bosnivores and the balkans are the balkans that were involved in the northwest , the world that would contribute to their haircase .
and that made me feel like another human being in one another as my friends under the khikil kil , who believe that these forests are the elevator of hucuk and the thumbra and the hippy bug and the fathers and the balkans are the balancing in the world , the northiefs that they would be involved in their sadness .

wenn sich jemand die mühe gemacht hat und all diese heiligen beschriftet hat und mitteilt , wer sie alle sind , dann wird mein foto von der notre dame-kathedrale plötzlich mit all diesen daten angereichert und ich kann sie als ausgangspunkt benutzen , um in diesen raum zu tauchen , in diese metaverse , die fotos von anderen personen benutzen und somit eine art von übergreifender modaler sozialer erfahrung mit der nutzung von anderen anbietern machen .
if somebody bothered to tag all of these saints and say who they all are , then my photo of notre dame cathedral suddenly gets enriched with all of that data , and i can use it as an entry point to dive into that space , into that meta-verse , using everybody else &apos;s photos , and do a kind of a cross-modal and cross-user social experience that way .
now , if someone has taken the cochlear sands and shared all these sacrifices and all these sacred mites , and who they all are , then my photo comes from the steam span data with all this data , and i can take it out as a physicist to put it in this room , and use these photographs in the other way , to translate people &apos;s ability to transmit this kind of picture , and make them a transfer social modality into the other kind of model of model of model of model .
now , i can use this room when somebody made the marriage , and all these sacrifices have described , and all these sacrifices , and who they &apos;re all given , then my photograph of the emergency room is then all of the way up with all this data , and all of a sudden , i can turn it out into this room to use these photos , to use these pictures , to use these other kinds of people who are using a different modeling experience , and to make a different modeld experience .

