bush et blair doivent-ils démissionner ?
consequences of the iraq war
are bush and blair going to resign ?
do bush and blair have to resign ?

c&apos; est ce que croyaient les manifestants .
or so the protestors believed .
that is what the demonstrators believed .
that is what the demonstrators believed .

le troisième argument prête largement à polémique .
the third claim is hugely contentious .
the third argument is largely controversial .
the third argument is largely controversial .

aucune autre ville n&apos; en profitera ?
will no other cities benefit ?
no other city will benefit from this ?
no other city will benefit from it ?

l&apos; expansion comme une solidarité
expansion is solidarity
expansion as a solidarity of solidarity .
expansion as a solidarity ,

absolument pas .
absolutely not .
it is absolutely not .
absolutely not .

dans ce cas , l&apos; europe est tout autant coupable que l&apos; amérique .
in that case , europe was as much the culprit as america .
in this case , europe is as guilty as america .
in this case , europe is as guilty as much as america .

le principe de souveraineté doit en outre être redéfini en lui-même .
moreover , the principle of sovereignty itself needs redefinition .
the principle of sovereignty must also be redefined in itself .
the principle of sovereignty must also be redefined in itself .

les nouvelles technologies vont apporter un élément de solution très important .
new technologies will provide a key part of the solution .
new technologies will provide a very important solution .
new technologies are going to provide a very important solution .

des institutions de stabilisation du marché ( gestion monétaire et fiscale )
market-stabilizing institutions ( for monetary and fiscal management ) ;
market stabilisation institutions ( monetary and fiscal management )
market stabilisation institutions ( monetary and fiscal management )

en attendant , sharon a chèrement payé sa politique .
in the meantime , sharon has paid heavily for his policies .
in the meantime , sharon paid his policy very hard .
in the meantime , sharon has paid his policy with a great deal of time .

la position de bush est plus que mauvaise : elle nous met dans l&apos; embarras .
bush &apos;s position is more than wrong ; it is an embarrassment .
bush &apos;s position is more than bad : it puts us in boarding .
bush &apos;s position is more than bad : it puts us in boarding .

tout autre régime serait aussi stable que les dix meilleures chansons pop de cette semaine .
anything else is likely to be about as stable as this week &apos;s top ten pop songs .
any other regime would be as stable as the ten best scapegoats this week .
any other regime would be as stable as the ten best maps this week .

doit-on donc comprendre que l&apos; europe et les etats-unis ont des visions considérablement différentes ?
does this mean that europe and the us have dramatically different visions ?
should we therefore understand that europe and the united states have very different visions ?
should we therefore understand that europe and the united states have considerably different views ?

le terrorisme est la version violente d&apos; une &quot; entreprise virtuelle agile . &quot;
terrorism is a violent version of an &quot; agile virtual enterprise . &quot;
terrorism is the violent version of a virtual company .
terrorism is the violent version of a &apos; virtual enterprise &apos; .

les ressources naturelles sont abondantes et les terres fertiles foisonnent .
natural resources are plentiful , with vast amounts of fertile land .
natural resources are full and fertile land is foisting .
natural resources are widespread , and the mountain land is fodder .

il semblerait que de nos jours , les effets de la réussite électorale s&apos; estompent rapidement .
electoral success , it appears , fades fast nowadays .
it would appear that , in our days , the effects of the election success are rapidly omitted .
it would appear that , in our days , the effects of electoral success are being omitted quickly .

un spectre hante l&apos; europe centrale alors que ses pays se préparent à rejoindre l&apos; union européenne .
a specter is haunting central europe as its countries prepare for eu membership .
a spectrum of central europe while its countries are preparing to join the european union .
a hate spectrum of central europe when its countries are preparing to join the european union .

nous , les français , sommes opposés à l&apos; institution d&apos; une europe &quot; à deux vitesses &quot; .
we french are opposed to building a &quot; two-speed &quot; europe .
we , the french , are opposed to the establishment of a two-speed europe .
we , the french , are opposed to the institution of a &apos; two-speed europe &apos; .

une telle poussée pourrait jouer un rôle majeur dans le décollage de la croissance économique .
such a push could play a major role in jump-starting economic growth .
this could play a major role in the take-up of economic growth .
such a step could play a major role in the depletion of economic growth .

au centre de ce débat se trouve la prétendue doctrine de la &quot; responsabilité de protection . &quot;
at the center of this debate is the so-called doctrine of the &quot; responsibility to protect . &quot;
at the centre of this debate is the so-called &apos; protection liability &apos; doctrine .
the centre of this debate is the so-called doctrine of &apos; protection liability &apos; .

jusqu&apos; à présent , le président a suivi une ligne dure envers l&apos; irak , le liban et les affaires intérieures .
until now , the president has toed a hard line on iraq , on lebanon , and in domestic affairs .
so far , the president has followed a tough line with iraq , lebanon and home affairs .
so far , the president has followed a tough line towards iraq , lebanon and internal affairs .

les débats sur les déficits doivent ainsi être redéfinis en termes de problèmes inter générations importants sur le long terme .
so discussions about deficits should be recast in terms of the really long-term intergenerational issues that matter .
the debate on deficits must therefore be redefined in terms of major problems over the long term .
the debates on deficits must therefore be redefined in terms of major generations &apos; problems in the long term .

les gouvernements pourraient de nouveau décider d&apos; agir dans ce sens , tout particulièrement si les dettes nationales croient davantage .
governments could decide to act this way again , especially if national debts grow bigger .
governments could once again decide to act in this direction , especially if national debts believe more .
governments could once again decide to take action in this direction , particularly if national debts believe more .

le problème de la jeunesse et de l&apos; accès aux arts du spectacle existe des deux côtés de l&apos; atlantique .
the problem of youth and access to the performing arts exists on both sides of the atlantic .
the problem of youth and access to the performing arts exists on both sides of the atlantic .
the problem of youth and access to the arts exists on both sides of the atlantic .

certains signes montrent également que les syriens sont incapables de mesurer les intentions américaines sur d&apos; autres questions .
there are signs that the syrians are unable to gauge american intentions on other issues as well .
there are also signs that the syrian people are unable to measure american intentions on other issues .
some signs also show that the syrian people are unable to measure american intentions on other issues .

tout au long des années 1990 , ils sont pratiquement sortis du kosovo géré par les serbes en créant des institutions parallèles .
throughout the 1990 &apos;s , they virtually opted out of serbian-run kosovo by creating parallel institutions .
throughout the 1990s , they are practically out of kosovo managed by the serbs by creating parallel institutions .
throughout the 1990s , they have been almost out of kosovo managed by the serbs by creating parallel institutions .

son approche &quot; guerre &quot; aide les terroristes islamiques à considérer l&apos; occident comme une force tout aussi unie et malveillante .
his &quot; war &quot; approach is making it easier for islamist terrorists to view the west as an equally united and malevolent force .
its &apos; war &apos; approach helps islamic terrorists to regard the west as an equally united and malicious force .
its &apos; war &apos; approach &apos; aid for islamic terrorists to regard the west as an equally united and misguided force .

ils doivent être autorisés , eux aussi , à sentir cette « relation entre personnes ayant conscience d&apos; une communauté d&apos; intérêt » .
they , too , must be allowed to feel those ties of &quot; unity resulting from feelings and sympathy . &quot;
they must also be allowed to feel this &apos; relationship between people with a community of interest &apos; .
they must also be allowed to feel this &apos; relationship between people who are aware of a community of interest &apos; .

il n&apos; est pas nécessaire de contenter 100 % des électeurs , mais juste un nombre suffisant pour remporter la victoire .
it is not necessary to please 100 % of the voters , only enough to win .
it is not necessary to limit 100 % of voters , but just a sufficient number to win victory .
there is no need for 100 % of the voters to be content , but just a sufficient number to win the victory .

de nombreuses leçons émergent du tsunami , cause de tant de dévastation et de pertes en vie humaine en asie .
there are many lessons that emerge from the tsunami that brought such devastation and loss of life to asia .
many lessons are emerging from the tsunami , causing so many devastation and loss in human life in asia .
many lessons have emerged from the tsunami , because of so many destruction and losses in human life in asia .

de nombreuses politiques ont été tentées , tout particulièrement la libéralisation des échanges , la privatisation des entreprises publiques inefficaces et les réformes budgétaires .
many policies have been tried , especially trade liberalization , privatization of inefficient state enterprises , and budgetary reforms .
many policies have been tempted , particularly the liberalisation of trade , the privatisation of inefficient public companies and budgetary reforms .
many policies have been tempted , especially the liberalisation of trade , the privatisation of ineffective public companies and budgetary reforms .

les questions relatives à l&apos; ordre juridique de l&apos; europe de l&apos; après-guerre vont bien au-delà de l&apos; ancienne tchécoslovaquie .
questions about postwar europe &apos;s juridical order go beyond the former czechoslovakia .
issues relating to the legal order of the post-war europe go far beyond the old czechoslovakia .
the issues relating to the legal order of the post-war europe go far beyond the old czechoslovakia .

un gouvernement ne peut remplacer les parents ou la communauté , mais il peut inciter les jeunes et leurs familles à se prendre en charge .
governments cannot substitute for parents or for communities , but they can encourage young people and their families to invest in themselves .
a government cannot replace parents or the community , but it can encourage young people and their families to take responsibility .
a government cannot replace parents or the community , but it can encourage young people and their families to take responsibility .

je décris ce projet en détail dans mon ouvrage expert political <unk> : how good is it ? how can we know ?
i describe the project in detail in my book expert political judgment : how good is it ?
i have described this project in detail in my work , which is an expert on the basis of the fact that , as far as i am concerned , it is not possible to do so .
i would like to describe this draft in detail in my expert working on the subject : is it : is it : are we like the group of the european people &apos; s party &apos; s party , mr watson , who are talking about it ?

toute l&apos; attention étant portée sur les relations transatlantiques tendues , il est facile d&apos; oublier que nos préoccupations se rejoignent souvent .
with all the attention devoted to strained transatlantic relations , it is easy to overlook how often our preoccupations overlap .
it is easy to forget that our concerns are often associated with transatlantic relations .
it is easy to forget that our concerns often join in transatlantic relations .

confrontée aux multiples agressions de milosevic , l&apos; onu n&apos; est pas parvenue à mettre un terme aux guerres balkaniques ni même à protéger ses victimes .
facing milosevic &apos;s multiple aggressions , the un could not stop the balkan wars or even protect its victims .
in the face of the multiple attacks by milosevic , the un has failed to put an end to the balkan wars and even to protect its victims .
faced with the numerous attacks of milosevic , the un has failed to put an end to the balkan wars or even to protect its victims .

c&apos; est une preuve de la globalisation , alors que la télévision montrait les images frappantes de la destruction des habitations dans le monde entier .
it demonstrated the power of globalization , as television brought vivid pictures of the destruction to homes around the world .
this is proof of globalisation , while television is a sign of the striking images of the destruction of homes throughout the world .
it is proof of globalisation , while television is about the images of the destruction of homes throughout the world .

il est donc vital que l&apos; inde augmente les rentrées de capitaux sur le long terme , que le compte de capital soit fermé ou ouvert .
so it is vital for india to increase the inward flow of long-term capital , regardless of whether the capital account is closed or open .
it is therefore vital for india to increase capital gains in the long term , whether capital is closed or open .
it is therefore vital for india to increase capital markets in the long term , whether capital is closed or open .

le meilleur endroit pour commencer serait d&apos; inciter à une meilleure attitude envers l&apos; adoption de l&apos; euro pour les pays accédant à l&apos; union .
a good place to start would be to push for a different attitude on accession countries &apos; adoption of the euro .
the best place for starting would be to encourage a better attitude towards the adoption of the euro for the countries that join the union .
the best place to begin with would be to encourage a better attitude towards the adoption of the euro for the countries that are accredited to the union .

mais pour que ces programmes aient une utilité , il faut que les élèves aient les compétences voulues pour entrer dans le cycle secondaire .
for these programs to work , however , children must be ready to enter secondary education .
but in order for these programmes to be useful , pupils must have the desired skills to enter the secondary round .
but if these programmes are to be useful , it is necessary for pupils to have the necessary skills to enter the secondary round .

la menace du retour au pouvoir de meciar a amené tous les démocrates , de droite comme de gauche , à se ranger dans un même camp .
the threat of return to power by meciar forced all democrats , leftist or rightist , into one camp .
the threat of return to the power of meciar has brought all democrats , both right and left , to rank in the same camp .
the threat of the return to the government of meciar has brought all democrats , right and left , to rank in a similar camp .

les liens qui nous unissent ont été érodés par quarante années de domination soviétique , mais cela n&apos; a pas modifié fondamentalement le caractère européen de ces états .
the ties that bind us together were frayed by forty years of soviet domination , but this did not fundamentally change these states &apos; european character .
the ties that unite us have been eroded by 40 years of soviet domination , but this has not fundamentally changed the european character of these states .
the links between us have been eroded by forty years of soviet domination , but this has not fundamentally changed the european nature of these states .

ces questions sont surtout valables , en fait elles ne peuvent être évitées , dans le cas de la possible accession de la turquie à l&apos; union européenne .
these questions apply most pointedly -- indeed , they cannot be avoided -- in the case of turkey &apos;s possible accession to the eu .
above all , these issues are valid , in fact they cannot be avoided , in the case of the possible accession of turkey to the european union .
these issues are particularly valid , in fact they cannot be avoided , in the case of the possible accession of turkey to the european union .

la totale collaboration des médecins est essentielle pour régler le problème , mais cela signifie qu&apos; il faut mettre un terme à leur crainte de se retrouver au tribunal .
fixing the problem requires full cooperation from clinicians , but this requires ending their fear of litigation .
the full cooperation of doctors is essential in order to solve the problem , but that means putting an end to their fear of returning to the court .
the full cooperation of doctors is essential in order to solve the problem , but this means that they need to put an end to their fear of coming to the court .

par exemple , les économistes considèrent que l&apos; alimentation chez wal-mart coûte 25 % moins cher que dans une chaîne de supermarchés ordinaire .
for example , economists estimate that the food section of wal-mart charges 25 % less than a typical large supermarket chain .
for example , economists consider that food in wal-mart costs 25 % less than in an ordinary supermarkets chain .
for example , economists consider that food in wal-al-mart is cost 25 % less than in an ordinary supermarkets chain .

depuis sa création , l&apos; union européenne a cherché à dépasser les anciens différends et , par le biais de la coopération , à construire un meilleur futur .
since its inception , the eu has sought to reach beyond past grief and , through cooperation , to build a better future .
since its creation , the european union has sought to exceed old differences and , through cooperation , to build a better future .
since its creation , the european union has sought to overcome the old differences and , through cooperation , to build a better future .

en fait , la position paternaliste des institutions de l&apos; ue envers les pays accédants menace de créer une europe à deux vitesses qui compliquera les processus d&apos; intégration .
indeed , eu institutions &apos; current paternalistic stance towards the accession countries threatens to create a two-tier europe that will complicate the task of integration .
in fact , the paternalistic position of the eu institutions towards the accessional countries threatens to create a two-speed europe that will complicate the integration processes .
in fact , the paternalistic position of the eu institutions towards accredited countries threatens to create a two-speed europe that will complicate integration processes .

elle a également tristement mis fin à la présidence britannique du conseil européen , en rappelant que la grande-bretagne continue à entretenir sa vieille réputation d&apos; exception dans l&apos; union européenne .
it also brought to a sorry close the uk &apos;s six-month presidency of the european council , confirming britain &apos;s long-standing reputation as the odd-man-out in the european union .
it has also put an end to the british presidency of the european council , recalling that britain continues to maintain its old reputation as an exception in the european union .
it has also been sad to put an end to the british presidency of the european council , reminding us that britain continues to maintain its old reputation of exception in the european union .

mais des interactions réussies entre ces secteurs ne peuvent simplement pas être souhaitées sans autre apport et il est essentiel que le rôle de chacun doit défini clairement .
but successful interactions between these sectors cannot be wished into existence , and it is essential that the role of each is clearly defined .
but successful interactions between these sectors cannot simply be desired without other contributions , and it is essential that the role of everyone should clearly be defined .
but successful interactions between these sectors cannot simply be desired without any other contribution , and it is essential that the role of everyone must clearly be defined .

en fait , elle doit plutôt nous inciter à mieux nous en prémunir que si nous savions que ce réchauffement se fera exactement selon les projections moyennes .
in fact , uncertainty about global climate change should lead us to do more to guard against it than if we knew it would proceed exactly according to the central-case projections .
in fact , it must instead encourage us to preach ourselves better if we knew that this warming will be exactly according to average projections .
in fact , it must instead encourage us to take better care of the fact that if we knew that this warming will be exactly what is going to be done in the medium term .

suite aux élections , un pouvoir légitime émerge en irak et les syriens devront faire preuve de prévoyance en se débarrassant de leurs amis pro-saddam .
as a legitimate iraqi authority emerges following the elections , the syrians will have to show foresight in jettisoning their pro-saddam acquaintances .
as a result of the elections , a legitimate power is emerging in iraq and the syrian people will have to demonstrate their foresight by getting rid of their pro-saddam friends .
as a result of the elections , a legitimate power emerging in iraq and the syrian will have to be reassured by free from their pro-saddam hussein friends .

les comptables qui calculent les déficits des gouvernements tentent d&apos; empêcher les politiciens de nous berner en nous faisant accepter les bénéfices qu&apos; ils offrent sans comprendre quel en sera le coût futur .
the accountants who compute government deficits try to keep politicians from fooling us into accepting the benefits they offer without understanding something of the future cost .
the accounting accounts that calculated the deficits of governments are trying to prevent politicians from us by accepting the benefits they offer without understanding what the future cost will be .
accounting for the deficits of governments are trying to prevent politicians from doing away with us by accepting the benefits they offer without understanding what the future cost will be .

ce ne sont pas eux qui sont montrés du doigt quand les prix montent , pas plus qu&apos; ils n&apos; ont à repousser le génie de l&apos; inflation dans le flacon .
they are not the ones who will be blamed for soaring prices , nor are they the ones who will have to force the inflation genie back into the bottle .
it is not they who have been reminded when prices mong , nor have they to push inflation back into flacon .
they are not the ones who have been blamed when prices are set , nor do they have to push up inflation in flacon .

c&apos; est aussi certainement le cas des partenaires commerciaux de l&apos; amérique ; wal-mart à lui seul compte pour plus de 10 % de toutes les importations américaines depuis la chine .
they have certainly been great for america &apos;s trading partners ; wal-mart alone accounts for over 10 % of all us imports from china .
it is certainly also the case of the trading partners in america ; wal-mart alone has more than 10 % of all american imports from china .
it is certainly also the case of the trade partners in america ; wal-al-mart alone takes account of it for more than 10 % of all american imports from china .

néanmoins , les taux directeurs actuels sont décrits comme « toujours d&apos; actualité » en octobre , ce qui signale que la bce n&apos; a pas encore pris la décision d&apos; y passer .
nonetheless , current interest rates were described as &quot; still appropriate &quot; in october , signaling that the ecb has not yet reached a decision to bite the bullet .
however , the current governing rates are described as &apos; topical &apos; in october , which indicates that the ecb has not yet taken the decision to move on .
however , the current guidelines are described as &apos; always topical &apos; in october , which points out that the ecb has not yet taken the decision to move on it .

bien sûr , il semble que les informations sur l&apos; ampleur du désastre mettent plus longtemps à atteindre le ranch du président bush , à crawford , au texas .
of course , it seemed to take somewhat longer for news of the extent of the disaster to reach the crawford , texas , ranch of president bush .
of course , it seems that the information on the scale of the disaster is longer to reach president bush &apos;s ranch , in crawford , in the text .
of course , it seems that the information on the scale of the disaster has been a long time to reach president bush &apos;s ranch , in crawford , in the words .

tous deux demandent aux sociétés d&apos; amérique latine d&apos; investir davantage dans les individus qui sont concernés par ces programmes afin que les latino-américains puissent se mettre à la pointe du progrès en matière de productivité mondiale .
both call upon latin american societies to invest more in their people , so that latin americans can join the cutting edge of global productivity .
both call on latin american companies to invest more in those who are affected by these programmes so that latin americans can take the lead in progress on global productivity .
both call on latin america companies to invest more in people who are affected by these programmes so that the latin americans can make progress on global productivity .

les conditions sanitaires sont relativement acceptables et tous les pays d&apos; amérique latine ont fait des progrès contre l&apos; illettrisme , la majorité obtenant au minimum 90 % d&apos; alphabétisation des adultes .
health conditions are reasonably good , and all latin american countries have made headway against illiteracy , with most reaching 90 % adult literacy or higher .
the health conditions are relatively acceptable , and all latin american countries have made progress against illiteracy , with the majority achieving at least 90 % of adult literacy .
health conditions are relatively acceptable , and all the latin american countries have made progress against illetriism , the majority obtained at least 90 % of adult literacy .

piégée par sa rigidité , son système social étendu et un marché du travail très réglementé , l&apos; allemagne s&apos; est montrée incapable de réagir à ces chocs et a commencé à rencontrer des problèmes .
rigid as it was , with an extensive welfare system and an over-regulated labor market , germany was unable to react to these shocks and ran into trouble .
with its rigidity , its extensive social system and a very regulated labour market , germany has shown itself incapable of responding to these shocks and has begun to face problems .
germany has proved incapable of responding to these shocks and has begun to deal with problems with its rigidity , its extended social system and a very regulated labour market .

cette politique a profondément déstabilisé israël . les colons , pour la plupart religieux , mais pas tous , se sont senti trahis par sharon , &quot; le père des colonies . &quot;
this policy has deeply divided israel : the settlers -- mostly , but not exclusively religious -- feel betrayed by sharon , &quot; the father of the settlements . &quot;
israel has been deeply destabilised by this policy , and the colours , for most religious people , but not all , felt themselves traded by sharon , &apos; the father of the settlements &apos; .
this policy has deeply destabilised israel , and the colours for most religious , but not all of them , felt to be betrayed by sharon , &apos; the father of the settlements &apos; .

la première est celle du retour aux valeurs dites &quot; traditionnelles &quot; , propres aux sociétés apeurées : celui-ci non seulement signifierait le repli et la fermeture mais aussi parfois la haine .
the first temptation , characteristic of frightened societies , is a rush to embrace so-called &quot; traditional &quot; values , with their implications of withdrawal , closure , intolerance , and even hatred .
the first is the return to the so-called &apos; traditional &apos; values , to clean societies : it would not only mean repli and closure , but also sometimes hatred .
the first is the return to the so-called &apos; traditional &apos; values , own to the beekeepers : it would not only mean replating and closure , but sometimes hatred .

par dessus-tout , l&apos; amélioration de la pharmacovigilance dépendra , si on veut que les efforts aboutissent , de l&apos; établissement d&apos; un bureau indépendant destiné à promouvoir , coordonner et donner des indications au programme de réglementation .
above all , the success of any comprehensive effort to improve drug safety hinges upon establishing an independent office of drug safety to advocate , coordinate , and provide direction to the regulatory agenda .
the improvement of pharmacovigilance will depend , if efforts are to be made , on the establishment of an independent office to promote , coordinate and give indications to the regulatory programme .
by desology , the improvement of pharmacovigilance will depend , if efforts are to be made , on the establishment of an independent office to promote , coordinate and give indications to the regulation programme .

en termes mathématiques , ce schéma donne l&apos; amplitude , mais non les phases ( à savoir , les stades d&apos; un mouvement oscillatoire ) sans lesquelles il est impossible de déterminer les positions atomiques .
in mathematical terms , it gives the amplitude , but not the phases--i.e. , the stages in an oscillatory motion--without which the atomic positions could not be determined .
in mathematical terms , this scheme provides the scope , but not the phases ( that is , the stages of an osailor movement ) without which it is impossible to determine the positions of the nuclear industry .
in mathematical terms , this scheme gives rise to the stage , but not the stages ( namely , the stages of an ovelateral movement ) without which it is impossible to determine the nuclear positions .

des trois tests qui ont été menés jusqu&apos; ici , l&apos; un a raté partiellement , les deux autres totalement , c&apos; est la raison pour laquelle le président clinton a préféré léguer le problème à son successeur .
of the three tests so far conducted , one failed almost , two entirely , which is why president clinton left the matter to his successor .
the three tests that have been carried out so far , one has partly rated , the other two completely , which is why president clinton preferred to leave the problem to his successor .
the three tests that have been carried out so far , one has partially rayed , the other two completely , which is why president clinton preferred to bear the problem with his successor .

de ce fait , la libéralisation du commerce des produits manufacturés a entraîné une désindustrialisation et une forte augmentation du chômage dans la plupart des régions du monde , comme le montre le cas des textiles cette année .
as a result , trade liberalization of manufactures has resulted in de-industrialization and greater unemployment in much of the world , as in the case of garments this year .
as a result , the liberalisation of the trade in manufacturing products has led to a deindustrialisation and a strong rise in unemployment in most parts of the world , as demonstrated by the textile case this year .
in this respect , the liberalisation of the trade in manufacturing products has resulted in a lack of dependence and a strong increase in unemployment in most parts of the world , as shown by textiles this year .

la réponse du gouvernement à ces initiatives permettra de mieux savoir si et dans quelle mesure le gouvernement poutine a l&apos; intention d&apos; inclure les droits politiques et humains dans le cadre de sa &quot; dictature de la loi &quot; .
the government &apos;s response to these efforts will be an important indicator of whether and to what extent putin &apos;s administration intends to include human and political rights within its so-called &quot; dictatorship of law . &quot;
the government &apos;s response to these initiatives will make it easier to know whether and to what extent the putin government intends to include political and human rights in its &apos; dictatorship of the law &apos; .
the government &apos;s response to these initiatives will enable us to know better whether and to what extent the putin government intends to include political and human rights within the framework of its &apos; dictatorship of the law &apos; .

etant donné qu&apos; ils sont liés aux sceptiques qui s&apos; opposent à l&apos; union européenne tels que berlusconi en italie et la coalition schüssel-haider en autriche , la véritable nature de la politique européenne risque décidément de devenir déplaisante .
linked to eu skeptics like italy &apos;s berlusconi and austria &apos;s schüssel-haider coalition , the very nature of european politics may turn decidedly nasty .
given that they are linked to the sceptics who oppose the european union such as berlusconi in italy and the schühhate coalition coalition in austria , the true nature of european policy is likely to become unpleasant .
given that they are linked to the scepticism that are opposed to the european union such as berlusconi in italy and the schühesshir coalition in austria , the real nature of european policy is likely to become unpleasant .

puis , en 1992 , deng xiaoping mit en mouvement une des marchéisations de la société les plus rapides et les plus complètes dans l&apos; histoire , catalysant la montée spectaculaire de la chine transformée en super-puissance économique .
then , in 1992 , deng xiaoping set in motion one of the most rapid and total marketizations of a society in history , catalyzing china &apos;s spectacular rise as an economic superpower .
then , in 1992 , deng xiaoping in a movement of the most rapid and complete society in history , a catalyst for the dramatic rise in china &apos;s superpower .
then , in 1992 , deng xiaoping in the movement of the most rapid and comprehensive society in history , as a catalyst for china &apos;s dramatic rise in economic superpower .

aucune étiquette ne peut finalement s&apos; appliquer à jean-paul ii qui incarne souvent un ensemble de contraires : rejet des compromis / oecuménisme , ténacité / enthousiasme , ouverture intellectuelle / insistance sur l&apos; orthodoxie théologique .
in the end , john paul ii does not fit neatly into any category and often represents a meeting of opposites : rejection of compromise with ecumenism , toughness with warmth , intellectual openness with insistence on theological orthodoxy .
no label can finally apply to john paul ii , who often embodies a set of contradiction : rejection of compromise / umalism , morality / enthusiasm , intellectual openness and insistence on the orthodoxy theological orthodox .
in the end , no label cannot be applied to john paul ii , who often embodies a set of opposite : rejection of compromise / umumenism , tenacity / enthusiasm , intellectual openness / insistence on the orthodoxological orthodox .

des preuves récentes que le nombre de morts et de blessures aurait été considérablement réduit si on avait fourni de meilleures protections corporelles aux soldats montrent à quel point les économies à court terme peuvent déboucher sur des coûts à long terme .
recent evidence that deaths and injuries would have been greatly reduced had better body armor been provided to troops suggests how short-run frugality can lead to long-run costs .
recent evidence that the number of deaths and injuries would have been significantly reduced if better body protection had been provided for soldiers shows how short-term savings can result in long-term costs .
the recent evidence of the recent evidence that the number of deaths and injuries would have been significantly reduced if the soldiers were to provide better protection for themselves shows how short short-term economies can lead to long-term costs .

il a décrit les allemands de sudeten comme la « cinquième colonne » d&apos; hitler et a suggéré qu&apos; israël pouvait résoudre son problème palestinien en recourant à la méthode tchèque de 1945 : à savoir , la déportation .
he described the sudeten germans as hitler &apos;s &quot; fifth column &quot; and suggested that israel could solve its palestinian problem through resort to the czech method of 1945 : deportation .
he described the germans of sudeten as the &apos; fifth coloury &apos; of hitler and suggested that israel could solve its palestinian problem by using the czech method of 1945 : that is , deduction .
he described the germans in sudeten as the ‘ fifth coloury ’ , and suggested that israel could solve its palestinian problem by using the czech method of 1945 : that is to say , the deportation .

au début , même les systèmes de caisse d&apos; émission étaient considérés comme inacceptables , bien que , comme c&apos; est souvent le cas en europe , des exceptions aient été faites : les pays possédant des systèmes de caisse d&apos; émission pourraient les conserver même après leur adhésion à l&apos; union .
initially , even currency boards were considered unacceptable , although , as is often the case in europe , exceptions were made : countries with currency boards could keep them after entry into the eu .
at the beginning , even the ets systems were regarded as unacceptable , although , as is often the case in europe , exceptions were made : countries with emission systems could retain them even after their accession to the union .
at the beginning , even emissions systems were regarded as unacceptable , although , as is often the case in europe , exceptions have been made : countries with emissions systems could retain them even after accession to the union .

ce qui est certain , c&apos; est que le vide créé par le départ de m. sharon de la vie politique est d&apos; autant plus frappant à la lumière des images du chaos qui émerge de gaza depuis le retrait d&apos; israël et l&apos; effondrement sous nos yeux de l&apos; autorité palestinienne .
what is certain is that the vacuum left by sharon &apos;s departure from politics is all the more striking in view of the images of chaos emerging from the gaza that israel has vacated , and the collapse of the palestinian authority before our eyes .
what is certain is that the vacuum created by mr sharon &apos;s departure from political life is all the more striking in the light of the images of the chaos that have emerged from gaza since israel &apos;s withdrawal and the collapse in our eyes of the palestinian authority .
what is certain is that the gap created by mr sharon &apos;s starting point for political life is all the more striking in the light of the images of the chaos emerging from gaza since the withdrawal of israel and the collapse in our eyes of the palestinian authority .

puis , à auschwitz , le pape a déclaré : « je parle au nom de tous ceux dont les droits sont méconnus et bafoués dans le monde , je parle parce que je suis lié , nous sommes tous liés , par la vérité » .
then , in auschwitz , the pope said : &quot; i speak in the name of everyone whose rights go unrecognized and violated anywhere in the world , i speak because i am bound , we are all bound , by truth . &quot;
at auschwitz , the pope said : &apos; i am speaking on behalf of all those whose rights are unknown and violated in the world , i am speaking because i am linked , we are all bound by truth &apos; .
then , in auschwitz , the pope said : &apos; i speak on behalf of all those whose rights are unknown and violated in the world , i am talking about because i am linked , we are all linked to the truth &apos; .

plus particulièrement , il semblerait que les électeurs aient eu peur de perdre leurs emplois , au détriment des foules de migrants venus de l&apos; est . cette crainte a été largement illustrée , à cette période , par l&apos; image du plombier polonais bon marché .
in particular , voters were afraid that their jobs would be lost to hordes of eastern immigrants , exemplified in the image widely quoted at the time , of the low-cost polish plumber .
in particular , it would appear that voters have been afraid of losing their jobs , at the expense of the many migrants from the east , and this fear has been largely illustrated , in this period , by the image of the cheap polish plumber .
in particular , it would appear that the voters were afraid to lose their jobs , at the expense of the many migrants from the east , and this fear has been widely shown , at this time , by the image of the cheap polish plumber .

l&apos; inflation affichée pour septembre , à 2,6 % , est supérieure à la cible de 2 % de la bce , tout comme le sont les récentes prévisions pour l&apos; inflation en 2006 ( les prévisions revues et corrigées seront publiées début décembre ) .
september headline inflation , at 2.6 % , is above the ecb &apos;s 2 % target ­ -- as is the latest forecast for 2006 inflation ( updated forecasts will be released at the beginning of december ) .
inflation declared for september , 2.6 % , is higher than 2 % of the ecb &apos;s target , as is the recent inflation forecasts in 2006 ( the revised and corrected forecasts will be published at the beginning of december ) .
the inflation of september by 2.6 % is higher than 2 % of the ecb , as is the recent forecasts for inflation in 2006 ( the revised and correct forecasts will be published at the beginning of december ) .

pourtant , malgré leur progrès pour amener leur taux d&apos; inflation et leurs taux d&apos; intérêt au plus près des niveaux européens , bon nombre de pays candidats craignent , avec l&apos; ouverture totale aux mouvements de capitaux , prérequis pour l&apos; accession à l&apos; union , de s&apos; exposer au risque d&apos; arrêts brutaux de mouvements de capitaux et à des crises cambiaires .
but , despite their progress in bringing their inflation and interest rates closer to eu levels , many candidate countries fear that with the full opening up to capital flows--a requirement of accession--they will be exposed to the risk of sudden stops in capital flows and currency crises .
however , despite their progress in bringing their inflation rates and interest rates closer to european level , many candidate countries fear , with the total opening up to capital movements required for accession to the union , the risk of noisy judgments of capital movements and ambient crises .
however , despite their progress in bringing their inflation rates and interest rates to the highest level of european levels , many candidate countries fear , with the full opening of capital movements , which are required for accession to the union , that they may be exposed to the risk of gross judgments of capital movements and climate crises .

un ami de bernal , glenn millikan , venu visiter un laboratoire à uppsala , en suède , où des chercheurs avaient réussi à obtenir des cristaux de pepsine de grande taille , rapporta certains de ces cristaux , toujours dans leur liqueur mère , à cambridge .
a friend of bernal &apos;s named glenn millikan had happened to visit a lab in uppsala , sweden , where large pepsin crystals had been obtained , and he brought some of the crystals , still in their mother-liquor , back to cambridge .
a friend of bernal , glenn thousand kan , came to visit a laboratory in upsala , sweden , where researchers had succeeded in obtaining high peppepde rates , reported some of these rates , still in their mother liquer , in cambridge .
a friend of bernal , glenn kan , came to visit a laboratory to upla , in sweden , where researchers had succeeded in obtaining high pepc rates , has reported some of these rates , always in their mother tongue , in cambridge .

mais la réalité , c&apos; est qu&apos; aucune démarche vers le relâchement des politiques monétaires n&apos; a été mise en place , surtout avec la banque centrale européenne débutante , soucieuse d&apos; asseoir sa crédibilité dans la lutte contre l&apos; inflation -- et que les tentatives de réformes structurelles sont hésitantes , réduites et entreprises sans enthousiasme .
but the reality is that steps toward looser monetary policies are non-existent -- especially with the fledgling european central bank anxious to establish its inflation-fighting credibility -- and that steps toward structural reforms are half-hearted , hesitant , and small .
the reality , however , is that no move towards the relaxation of monetary policies has been put in place , especially with the european central bank beginning , which is concerned with its credibility in the fight against inflation - and the attempts at structural reforms are hesitant , small and unenthusiastic .
but the reality is that no steps towards the release of monetary policies have been put in place , especially with the beginning european central bank , concerned with its credibility in the fight against inflation - and the attempts to reform structural reforms are hesitate , reduced and without enthusiasm .

comme le fait remarquer leszek balcerowicz , le gouverneur de la banque nationale de pologne , l&apos; adoption de l&apos; euro par les pays candidats crée assurément des bénéfices pour les pays candidats tout en étant , dans le pire des cas , tout à fait sans effet pour les membres actuels .
as leszek balcerowicz , the governor of the national bank of poland , argues , adoption of the euro by candidate countries will certainly create benefits for candidate countries , while in the worst case being neutral for current members .
the governor of the national bank of poland , the adoption of the euro by the candidate countries , as pointed out by zek balcericz , the governor of the national bank of poland , certainly creates benefits for the candidate countries while at the same time , in the worst case , being completely unsuccessful for the current members .
the national bank of poland , the adoption of the euro by the candidate countries certainly creates benefits for the candidate countries while , at the worst of all , at least in the worst case , it is absolutely without effect for the current members .

avant de devenir leader et chef du parti , il fit l&apos; expérience de nombreux domaines tels que la collectivisation de l&apos; agriculture ou la séparation du parti du monde des affaires , jusqu&apos; aux lois garantissant les droits des journalistes et une plus grande ouverture vers le monde externe pour les gens ordinaires .
before becoming premier and party chief , he experimented with everything from the de-collectivization of agriculture and separation of the party from business to laws guaranteeing the rights of journalists and greater openness toward the outside world for ordinary people .
it makes the experience of many areas such as the collection of agriculture or the separation of the business party , until the laws guarantee journalists &apos; rights and greater openness to the outside world for ordinary people .
the experience of many areas such as the collection of agriculture or the separation of the business party , until we become leader and leader of the party , is taking the experience of many areas such as the collection of agriculture or the separation of the party of business , until the laws guarantee the rights of journalists and greater openness towards the external world for ordinary people .

presque tout le monde -- à l&apos; exception d&apos; exxon mobil , du vice-président américain dick cheney , de leurs serviteurs appointés et de leurs acolytes manipulés -- comprend que lorsque les êtres humains brûlent des hydrocarbures , du bioxyde de carbone s&apos; échappe dans l&apos; atmosphère , où il agit comme une gigantesque couverture qui absorbe le rayonnement infrarouge émis par-dessous , avec pour conséquence un réchauffement de la planète .
almost everyone -- except the likes of exxonmobil , us vice president dick cheney , and their paid servants and deluded acolytes -- understands that when humans burn hydrocarbons , carbon dioxide goes into the atmosphere , where it acts like a giant blanket , absorbing infrared radiation coming up from below and warming the earth .
with the exception of exxon moon , the american vice-president , mrs dick chenć , their apitors and their acyoused - which includes that when human beings burn oil , biooxides are left out of the atmosphere , where it is a huge cover for the radiation that has been given , below a warming of the planet , as a result of global warming .
with the exception of exxon mobil , the american vice-president , mr dick chenenin , of their usors and their acolved olyolts - understands that when the human beings burn of oil , biocarbon beds are escaped in the atmosphere , where it is a huge coverage that is absorbing the uprising of the planet , with a global warming consequence of global warming .

la reconnaissance formelle de sa candidature en 1999 a poussé la turquie à entreprendre un ensemble de réformes sans précédent dans le domaine des droits de l&apos; homme et des droits des minorités , notamment l&apos; abolition de la peine capitale , l&apos; adoption de garanties contre la torture , la promotion des libertés religieuses et de l&apos; égalité entre les sexes et la restriction du rôle de l&apos; armée dans la vie politique .
turkey &apos;s formal recognition as a candidate state in 1999 led turkey to undertake unprecedented reform efforts in the area of human and minority rights , including abolition of the death penalty , safeguards against torture , promotion of religious freedoms , gender equality , and restriction of the military &apos;s role in political life .
the formal recognition of its application in 1999 led turkey to undertake unprecedented reforms in the area of human rights and minority rights , including the abolition of the death penalty , the adoption of guarantees against torture , the promotion of religious freedoms and equality between sexes and the restriction of the role of the army in political life .
the formal recognition of its application in 1999 led turkey to a set of unprecedented reforms in the area of human rights and minority rights , including the abolition of the punishment , the adoption of torture , the promotion of religious freedoms and gender equality between the sexes and the restriction of the military role in political life .

