mais il faut que ce soit une taxe juste .
but it has to be the right tax .
but it must be a fair tax .
however , it must be a fair tax .

les réductions fiscales peuvent accroître les revenus disponibles .
the reduction in tax collection can increase disposable income .
tax reductions can increase the income available .
tax reductions can increase the income available .

nous devons plutôt apprendre à les gérer .
rather , we have to learn to cope with them .
instead , we must learn to manage them .
instead , we must learn to manage them .

les liaisons dangereuses de la syrie
syria &apos;s dangerous liaisons
syria &apos;s dangerous links with syria
the dangerous links between syria and syria

pas en europe occidentale .
in western europe , it did not .
not in western europe .
not in western europe .

et on ne peut pas être sûr non plus que cela marchera .
nobody can be sure that it will work either .
nor can we be sure that this will work .
nor can we be sure that this will work .

chaque partie devra travailler d&apos; arrache-pied pour remporter la victoire .
both sides will have to work hard if they want to win .
each party will have to work hard to win the victory .
each part will have to work hard to win the victory .

les projets doivent donc être opérationnels au plus tard d&apos; ici 2007 .
therefore , projects need to be operational at the latest by 2007 .
projects must therefore be operational by 2007 at the latest .
the projects must therefore be operational at the latest by 2007 .

la consolidation , cependant , n&apos; est en rien la réforme .
consolidation , however , is not reform .
however , consolidation is not in any way the reform .
consolidation , however , is not in any way the reform .

l&apos; inégalité de revenus laisse planer une grande ombre .
income inequality casts a long shadow .
income inequality leaves a great deal of shadow .
the inequality of income leaves a great shadow .

les politiciens préfèrent naturellement dissimuler la manière dont s&apos; effectuent les mouvements des richesses entre les générations .
politicians naturally prefer to hide how wealth is shifted between generations .
politicians naturally prefer to conceal the way in which the movements of wealth between generations take place .
politicians , of course , prefer to hide the way in which wealth movements between generations are carried out .

il est temps aujourd&apos; hui de laisser tomber le néolibéralisme et le consensus de washington .
it is time to abandon neoliberalism and the washington consensus .
it is now time to let the neo-liberalism and the washington consensus fall .
it is now time to leave neo-liberalism and washington &apos;s consensus .

la nature , comme l&apos; a montré le tsunami , possède sa propre horloge .
nature , as we have learned from the tsunami , has its own timetable .
nature , as the tsunami has shown , has its own horloge .
nature , as the tsunami has shown , has its own horses .

les pays en développement ont déjà beaucoup investi en ce qui concerne les plus jeunes .
developing countries have already invested heavily in children .
the developing countries have already invested a great deal in relation to the youngest .
the developing countries have already invested a great deal in terms of young people .

on parle maintenant de systèmes d&apos; alerte améliorés pour prévenir de possibles tsunamis .
there are now calls for improved tsunami early warning systems .
we are now talking about improved alert systems to prevent possible voluntary agreements .
we are now talking about improved warning systems in order to prevent possible friends .

il est certain que le monde a été le témoin de quelques progrès dans plusieurs domaines ces dernières décennies .
to be sure , the world has seen progress on some fronts in recent decades .
it is certain that the world has seen some progress in several areas in recent decades .
it is certain that the world has seen some progress in several areas in recent decades .

moscou et washington suggèrent toutes deux qu&apos; une profonde réduction de leur arsenal nucléaire offensif est possible .
both moscow and washington hint at possible deep cuts in their offensive nuclear arsenals .
moscow and washington both suggest that a profound reduction in their offensive nuclear weapons is possible .
moscow and washington suggest that a profound reduction in their offensive nuclear weapons is possible .

moins nous exigeons d&apos; un homme politique « ordinaire » , plus nous recherchons un héros .
the less we expect from a &quot; normal &quot; politician , the more we look for a hero .
the less we call for a &apos; ordinary &apos; politician , the more we are looking for a hero .
less we are demanding a ‘ ordinary ’ politician , the more we are looking for a heroin .

les réformes qui fonctionnent dans un environnement peuvent se révéler médiocres ou défaillantes dans d&apos; autres .
reforms that succeed in one setting may perform poorly or fail completely in others .
the reforms that work in an environment may prove to be poor or weak in others .
the reforms that work in a environment can prove to be poor or inadequate in others .

tant que nous n&apos; aurons pas appris à la respecter , nous manquerons tous le train .
unless we learn how to respect it , we will all miss the boat .
as long as we do not have learned to respect it , we will all be missing the train .
as long as we do not have to learn to respect it , we will be missing all the train .

le monde , et l&apos; europe en particulier , éprouve de la fascination et de l&apos; admiration pour les etats-unis .
the world - europe in particular - has fascination and admiration for the us .
the world , and europe in particular , has the fascination and admiration for the united states .
the world , and europe in particular , has the fascination and admiration for the united states .

( on sait , bien sûr , que les performances académiques de bush n&apos; ont jamais impressionné personne ) .
( of course , bush &apos;s academic credentials were never very impressive . )
( it is clear , of course , that the academic performance of bush has never impressed anybody . )
( we know , of course , that the academic performance of bush has never been impressive ) .

partout dans le monde , on s&apos; inquiète de la disparition des libertés politiques dans la russie de vladimir poutine .
around the world , people worry that political freedom is disappearing in vladimir putin &apos;s russia .
everywhere in the world , we are concerned about the disappearance of political freedoms in russia of vladimir putin .
everywhere in the world , we are concerned about the disappearance of political freedoms in russia of putin .

en matière de sport également , les européens de l&apos; est sont intégrés depuis longtemps au reste de l&apos; europe .
even in sport , east europeans have long been integrated with the rest of europe .
as far as sport is concerned , the europeans of eastern europe have long been integrated into the rest of europe .
as far as sport is concerned , the eastern europeans have been integrated for a long time in the rest of europe .

l&apos; adaptation au niveau national sera de plus en plus reconnue comme une question majeure qui nécessitera un financement approprié .
increasingly , adaptation at the national level will be recognized as a major issue that will require appropriate funding .
adaptation at national level will increasingly be recognised as a major issue that will require adequate funding .
adaptation at national level will be increasingly recognised as a major issue that will require appropriate funding .

certains pays occidentaux ont tenté de créer un &quot; conflit de civilisations &quot; fondé sur notre époque troublée .
some in the west have tried to conjure a &quot; clash of civilizations &quot; out of our troubled times .
some western countries have tried to create a &apos; conflict of civilisations &apos; based on our disturbing era .
some western countries have tried to create a &apos; conflict of civilisations &apos; based on our disturbing times .

en bref , les qualités qui rendent les renards plus enclins à l&apos; exactitude les rendent aussi moins populaires .
in short , the qualities that make foxes more accurate also make them less popular .
in short , the qualities that make the renovation more likely to make them even less popular .
in short , the qualities that make the excesses more open to the accuracy make them less popular .

zhao ne fut pas assassiné , mais simplement autorisé à vivre dans une vieille maison pékinoise avec sa famille .
zhao was not killed , but allowed to live in an old beijing courtyard house with his family .
zhao was not murdered , but simply allowed to live in an old house of perkinson with his family .
zhao was not murdered , but simply allowed to live in a old perkindly house with his family .

toute prédiction sur la fin du boom requiert une compréhension des raisons de son évolution dans tant de villes différentes .
any prediction concerning the boom &apos;s end requires understanding why it occurred in so many places .
any predictability on the end of boom requires understanding of the reasons for its development in so many different cities .
any precursions on the end of boom require understanding of the reasons for its development in so many different cities .

pourquoi représente-t-elle une menace qui inquiète tant le japon aujourd&apos; hui et qui mérite qu&apos; on s&apos; en inquiète aux états-unis ?
why is this menace a matter of grave concern in japan today , and a threat worth worrying about in the us ?
why does it represent a threat that so much concerns japan today and which is worthy of concern to the united states ?
why does it represent a threat that concerns both japan today and deserves cause for concern in the united states ?

même dans ces circonstances , la droite reste divisée , permettant ainsi un éventuel retour au pouvoir de meciar .
even in this situation the political right has been quarrelsome , creating space for meciar &apos;s possible return to power .
even in these circumstances , the right remains divided , thus allowing a possible return to the power of meciar .
even in these circumstances , the right remains divided , thus allowing a possible return to meciar power .

tout d&apos; abord , il y a la question de son effet sur les travailleurs à bas salaires et sur les détaillants plus petits .
first , there is the matter of its effect on low-wage workers and smaller-scale retailers .
firstly , there is the question of its effect on low-wage workers and on smaller retailers .
first of all , there is the issue of its effect on low-wage workers and smaller retailers .

la mondialisation économique a cependant dépassé la mondialisation politique et les processus de prise de décision sont bien loin d&apos; être démocratiques ou même transparents .
economic globalization has , however , outpaced political globalization ; the processes for decision making are far from democratic , or even transparent .
however , economic globalisation has exceeded political globalisation and decision-making processes are far from democratic or even transparent .
economic globalisation has , however , exceeded political globalisation and decision-making processes are far from democratic or even transparent .

les droits de l&apos; homme en russie sont souvent bafoués simplement parce que les personnes ne savent pas qu&apos; elles ont ces droits .
human rights in russia are often violated simply because people are not aware that they have some particular right .
human rights in russia are often violated simply because people do not know that they have these rights .
human rights in russia are often violated simply because people do not know that they have these rights .

· les agences de contrôle doivent avoir les moyens de faire appliquer les lois pour que des règles plus strictes soient mises en œuvre .
· regulatory agencies need enforcement authority so that stricter rules can be implemented ;
the control agencies must have the means to apply laws so that stricter rules are implemented .
the monitoring agencies must have the means to apply laws to ensure that stricter rules are implemented .

le premier ministre tchèque milos zeman a rapidement démontré qu&apos; il pouvait lui aussi jouer une carte nationaliste démagogique .
czech prime minister milos zeman quickly demonstrated that he , too , could play a demagogic nationalist card .
the czech prime minister milos milzeman quickly demonstrated that he could also play a demagogic nationalist card .
the czech prime minister milos zeman quickly demonstrated that he could also play a demagogic nationalistic card .

il a besoin de figures avec lesquelles il peut s&apos; identifier , qu&apos; il peut immédiatement reconnaître et , surtout , à qui il peut accorder sa confiance .
they need figures with whom they can identify , immediately recognize , and , above all , trust .
he needs figures with which he can identify , he can immediately recognise and , above all , who can give his confidence .
he needs to be able to identify , he can immediately recognise and , above all , to whom he can give his confidence .

le fait que cela ne ce soit pas produit , du moins à grande échelle , ne veut pas dire que cela ne peut pas se produire .
that this has not happened , at least on a large scale , is not to say that it cannot happen at all .
the fact that this is not produced , at least on a large scale , does not mean that this cannot happen .
the fact that this is not produced , at least on a large scale , does not mean that this cannot happen .

une autre porte sur l&apos; aide à apporter aux pays qui ont sombré dans la violence afin de les aider lentement à se redresser .
another is to assist countries that have collapsed into violence to begin the slow process of recovery .
another door is to help those countries that have slept into violence in order to help them slowly recover .
another issue concerns aid to those countries that have squeezed into violence in order to help them slowly recover .

jusqu&apos; à présent pourtant , les officiels syriens déclarent en privé qu&apos; ils ne pensent pas que les états-unis soient sérieux à propos du retrait .
yet to this day , syrian officials privately say that they don &apos;t think the us is serious about a withdrawal .
to date , however , the syrian official says in private that they do not think that the united states is serious about withdrawal .
until now , however , the syrian official has said in private terms that they do not think that the united states is serious about withdrawal .

quand vous achetez une voiture à general motors , 80 cents de chaque dollar dépensé reviennent à gm , qui se gère pratiquement seul .
when you buy a car from general motors , 80 cents from each dollar goes to gm , which mostly only manages itself .
when you buy a car at general motors , 80 % of each dollar spent in gm , which is almost alone .
when you buy a car for general motors , 80 hundred of every dollar spent in gm , which is almost alone .

mais repousser la décision ne ferait que permettre à kostunica de trouver de nouveaux moyens de rendre encore plus difficile une décision du conseil de sécurité .
but delay only offers more room for kostunica to find ways to make a security council decision more difficult .
however , the decision would only allow kostunica to find new ways of making a decision by the security council even more difficult .
it would , however , only allow kostunas to find new ways of making it even more difficult to make a decision by the security council .

l&apos; union européenne ne peut simplement pas déclarer la « solidarité » comme une valeur centrale et ne rien faire pour la favoriser chez ceux qui se sentent marginalisés .
the eu cannot simply proclaim &quot; solidarity &quot; as a core value and then do nothing to foster it among those who feel marginalized .
the european union cannot simply declare &apos; solidarity &apos; as a central value and do nothing to encourage it among those who feel marginalised .
the european union cannot simply declare &apos; solidarity &apos; as a central value and do nothing to promote it among those who feel marginalised .

ils ne sont pas vraiment l&apos; épidémie que leur schéma explosif de développement laisse apparaître , mais leur émergence n&apos; est pas non plus totalement bénigne .
they are not quite the pandemic that their explosive growth pattern resembles , but nor is their emergence completely benign .
they are not really the epidemic that their explosive development plans leave , but their emergence is not completely unbearable either .
they are not really the epidemic that their explosions of development are emerging , but their emergence is not totally unworthy either .

au pire , les investisseurs ne craignent pas qu&apos; un endettement élevé poussent les gouvernements à ralentir l&apos; inflation en actionnant la planche à billets .
at the very least , investors clearly do not fear that high debt will lead governments to stoke inflation by printing more money .
at worst , investors do not fear that a high debt will lead the governments to slow down inflation by selling up to notes .
at worst , investors do not fear that a high debt is leading governments to slow down inflation by raising the notes .

si nous devons faire un monde politiquement plus sûr et économiquement plus stable et prospère , la mondialisation politique devra se porter au niveau de la mondialisation économique .
if we are to make the world politically more secure and economically more stable and prosperous , political globalization will have to catch up with economic globalization .
if we have to make a politically safer and economically more stable and prosperous world , political globalisation will have to take place in terms of economic globalisation .
if we have to make a politically safer and economically more stable and prosperous world , political globalisation will have to take place in economic globalisation .

l&apos; opposition est formée de la majeure partie de la société civile organisée du venezuela : le monde des affaires , mais aussi les syndicats , les associations professionnelles et les ong .
the opposition comprises most of venezuela &apos;s organized civil society , not only business , but also trade unions , professional associations , and ngos .
the opposition is formed by most of the civil society organised in venezuela : the business world , but also the trade unions , professional associations and ngos .
the opposition is formed by most of the civil society organised in venezuela : the business world , but also trade unions , professional associations and ngos .

en outre , les taux de fertilité ont nettement chuté , pour atteindre un taux auquel les populations de nombreux pays se stabiliseront probablement dans les décennies à venir .
moreover , fertility rates have fallen sharply , to a point where populations in many countries will probably level off in coming decades .
in addition , fertility rates have fallen considerably , in order to reach a rate to which the populations of many countries will probably be destabilising in the coming decades .
in addition , the fertility rates have fallen considerably , in order to achieve a rate that many countries will probably stabilise in the decades to come .

lui seul semblait incarner l&apos; association d&apos; une force rassurante et d&apos; une vision pour rassembler une majorité d&apos; israéliens derrière lui dans un processus de désengagement unilatéral .
he alone seemed to incarnate the combination of reassuring strength and vision to carry the majority of israelis behind him in a process of unilateral disengagement .
he only seemed to embody the association of a reassuring force and vision to bring together a majority of israelis behind it in a process of unilateral disengagement .
he only seemed to represent the association of a reassuring force and vision to bring together a majority of israelis behind him in a process of unilateral disengagement .

les valeurs ne peuvent plus , non plus , comme jadis , naître du ciel , de la nature , de la raison ou d&apos; une loi de l&apos; histoire .
nor can we claim , as we used to , that our values spring from god , nature , reason , or historical laws .
nor can the values , as before , be born of the sky , of nature , of reason or of a law of history .
neither can the values be possible , nor , as was once , born of the sky , nature , the reason or a law of history .

dans tous les cas , le &quot; plafonnement &quot; du budget pratiqué par l&apos; ue éviterait une explosion du coût financier de l&apos; adhésion de la turquie .
in any case , the eu &apos;s practice of &quot; capping &quot; its budget would prevent an explosion in the financial costs entailed by turkey &apos;s accession .
in any case , the &apos; capping &apos; of the eu budget would avoid an explosion in the financial cost of turkey &apos;s accession .
in all cases , the &apos; capping &apos; of the eu budget would avoid an explosion in the financial cost of turkey &apos;s accession .

les principales batailles politiques se déroulent entre les forces nationalistes et populistes d&apos; une part , d&apos; essence antidémocratique , et d&apos; autre part l les forces qui se battent pour la démocratie .
the main political battles occur between nationalist / populist forces , whose outlook have in essence been undemocratic , and forces that struggle for standard democracy .
the main political battles are taking place between nationalistic and populist forces on the one hand , from undemocratic petrol , and on the other hand the forces fighting for democracy .
the main political bathers are taking place between nation-nationalist and populist forces on the one hand of undemocratic essence , and on the other , the forces that are fighting for democracy .

mais le traité abm de 1972 interdit , pour une durée illimitée , les systèmes destinées à protéger l&apos; un ou l&apos; autre de ces deux pays contre de telles attaques nucléaires .
but the 1972 abm treaty prohibits , for the indefinite future , systems to protect either country against such nuclear attack .
but the abm treaty of 1972 bans , for an unlimited period , the systems intended to protect one or other of these two countries against such nuclear attacks .
but the abm treaty of 1972 prohibits , for an unrestricted period , the systems intended to protect one or the other of these two countries from such nuclear attacks .

la mobilité humaine est limitée , et les travailleurs turcs n&apos; auraient probablement le droit de circuler librement dans l&apos; union européenne qu&apos; après une longue période de transition , peut-être pas avant 2025 .
human mobility is limited , and turkey workers &apos; would probably be allowed to move freely within the eu only after a long transition period , possibly not before 2025 .
human mobility is limited , and turkish workers would probably only have the right to move freely within the european union after a long transition period , perhaps not before 2025 .
human mobility is limited , and the turkish workers would probably not have the right to move freely within the european union only after a long transition period , perhaps not before 2025 .

habituellement , les citoyens de ces pays bénéficient de services publics qui répondent à tous leurs besoins en eau , depuis la boisson jusqu&apos; à l&apos; irrigation et les besoins sanitaires .
generally , these countries &apos; citizens enjoy services that provide for all water needs , from drinking to irrigation to sanitation .
usually , the citizens of these countries benefit from public services that meet all their water needs , from the beef to irrigation and health needs .
usually , the citizens of these countries benefit from public services that meet all their water needs , from the boxes to irrigation and health needs .

l&apos; europe n&apos; a aucune difficulté à constater les dangers de l&apos; unilatéralisme des actions américaines , depuis le retrait de kyoto jusqu&apos; à son refus de participer à la cour pénale internationale .
europe has no trouble seeing the dangers of unilateralism in america &apos;s actions , in everything from abandoning kyoto to its refusal to join the international criminal court .
europe has no difficulty in seeing the dangers of the unilateral actions of the united states , since the kyoto withdrawal until its refusal to participate in the international criminal court .
europe has no difficulty in seeing the dangers of unilateral american actions , since the kyoto withdrawal until its refusal to participate in the international criminal court .

orban a soutenu que la révocation des « décrets benes » devait être une condition de l&apos; intégration de la république tchèque ( ainsi que de la slovéquie ) dans l&apos; union européenne .
orban argued that revoking the &quot; benes decrees &quot; must be made a condition for the czech republic ( as well as slovakia ) joining the european union .
orban supported that the revocation of the &apos; bene decrees &apos; should be a condition for the integration of the czech republic ( as well as the czech republic ) into the european union .
orban has supported that the revocation of the &apos; benes &apos; should be a condition for the integration of the czech republic ( as well as of the czechs ) in the european union .

si l&apos; on en juge par le résultat de la réunion le mois dernier du conseil des gouverneurs de la bce , cette « prévention » semble approcher à grands pas pour l&apos; économie de la zone euro .
judging from the outcome of last month &apos;s meeting of the ecb &apos;s governing council , that &quot; ounce of prevention &quot; appears to be right around the corner for the euro-zone economy .
if we judge by the result of the meeting last month of the governing council of the ecb , this &apos; prevention &apos; seems to be a big step towards the economy of the euro area .
if we judge the outcome of the meeting last month of the ecb governing council , this &apos; prevention &apos; seems to be a big step towards the economy of the euro area .

on peut voir ce procédé particulièrement mis en relief quand , en suivant le philosophe sir isaiah berlin , nous catégorisons les experts en &quot; hérissons &quot; et &quot; renards . &quot;
we can see this process in sharp relief when , following the philosopher sir isaiah berlin , we classify experts as &quot; hedgehogs &quot; or &quot; foxes . &quot;
we can see this particular process when , following sir isaieu berlin , we use the experts in &apos; inheritance &apos; and &apos; renovation &apos; .
it can be seen in particular when , following sir isiisiia berlin berlin , we have the experts in &apos; hell &apos; and &apos; renate &apos; .

mais tout d&apos; abord , tous les pays doivent intégrer les préoccupations climatiques dans la planification de leurs politiques et améliorer leur gouvernance dans des secteurs clés tels que l&apos; énergie , l&apos; infrastructure et le transport .
but first , all countries must integrate climate concerns into policy planning , and improve their governance in key sectors such as energy , infrastructure , and transport .
first of all , however , all countries must integrate climate concerns into the planning of their policies and improve their governance in key sectors such as energy , infrastructure and transport .
firstly , all countries must integrate climate concerns into planning their policies and improve their governance in key sectors such as energy , infrastructure and transport .

quant à l&apos; union européenne , elle doit décider si elle veut être un &quot; club chrétien &quot; fermé , ou au contraire une société ouverte , renforcée et enrichie par sa diversité culturelle et religieuse .
as for the eu , it must decide whether it wants to be a closed &quot; christian club &quot; or an open and inclusive society , drawing strength from cultural and religious diversity .
as for the european union , it must decide whether it wants to be a closed christian club , or on the contrary an open , strengthened and enrich society with its cultural and religious diversity .
as far as the european union is concerned , it must decide whether it wants to be a &apos; christian club &apos; closed , or rather an open , strengthened , strengthened society with its cultural and religious diversity .

la situation est d&apos; autant plus complexe qu&apos; il faut compter avec les partis populistes et nationalistes . ils sont relativement puissants , car ils peuvent s&apos; appuyer sur la paysannerie qui constitue une base électorale importante en pologne .
the confusion has been made complete by the existence of relatively strong nationalist and populist parties that use the numerous polish farmers as their electoral base .
the situation is all the more complex because the populist and nationalistic parties have to rely on , because they are relatively powerful , because they can rely on the sanning that is an important electoral base in poland .
the situation is all the more complex than we need to count with the populist and nationalistic parties , and they are relatively powerful , because they can rely on the sanny that is an important electoral basis in poland .

l&apos; opposition de la france à la présence syrienne au liban fut en partie le résultat de son désenchantement vis-à-vis des ambitions réformistes de m. assad et l&apos; union européenne a exprimé des réservations similaires .
france &apos;s opposition to syria &apos;s presence in lebanon was at least partly a reflection of disenchantment with assad &apos;s reformist ambitions , and the european union has expressed similar reservations .
the opposition from france to the syrian presence in lebanon was partly the result of its disillusionment towards the reformed ambitions of mr assad and the european union expressed similar reservation .
the opposition from france to the syrian presence in lebanon was partly the result of its discooling towards mr assad &apos;s reformed ambitions and the european union has expressed similar reservations .

une aquaculture améliorée , dans laquelle les poissons sont élevés dans des réservoirs et des viviers , est encore loin de constituer une technologie parfaite , notamment pour des raisons écologiques , et pourtant elle est très prometteuse .
improved aquaculture , in which fish are grown at manmade fishponds and reservoirs is still far from being a perfect technology , mainly for environmental reasons , yet it is enormously promising .
an improved aquaculture , in which fish are high in winds and viers , is still far from being a perfect technology , particularly for ecological reasons , and yet it is very promising .
improved aquaculture , in which fish are high in land and vineyards , is still far from being a perfect technology , particularly for ecological reasons , and yet it is very promising .

la défaite du communisme a laissé un grand trou noir dans les âmes des communautés , un trou qui est désormais empli par des idées de nationalisme , d&apos; intolérance et de consumérisme occidental .
communism &apos;s defeat left a huge black hole in communities &apos; souls , which is now being filled with nationalism , bigotry , and western consumerism .
the defeat of communism has left a great black hole in the ages of the communities , a hole which is now plagued by ideas of nationalism , intolerance and western consumerism .
the defeat of communism has left a great black hole in the ages of the communities , a hole which is now taken up by ideas of nationalism , intolerance and western european intolerance .

naturellement , ces craintes s&apos; accompagnent de l&apos; espoir que les réformes structurelles et l&apos; expansion monétaire travaillent en harmonie , provoquant un essor de l&apos; emploi et de la production sans provoquer d&apos; augmentation conséquente de l&apos; inflation .
of course , these fears are accompanied by the hope that structural reforms and monetary expansion work in harmony , boosting employment and output without raising inflation by much .
of course , these fears are accompanied by the hope that structural reforms and monetary expansion work in harmony , causing increased employment and production without causing a significant increase in inflation .
of course , these fears are accompanied by the hope that structural reforms and monetary expansion work in harmony , causing an increase in employment and production without increasing inflation .

bien que certains d&apos; entre eux se disent de droite , à l&apos; image de vladimir meciar , l&apos; ancien premier ministre slovaque , se sont en fait des populistes démagogues et autoritaires .
although such politicians often describe themselves as ``rightist , &apos; &apos; their real policies , such as , for , example , those of former slovak prime minister vladimir meciar , are in fact demagogic populist or authoritarian .
although some of them say of the right , in the image of vladimir meciar , the former slovak prime minister , have in fact populist and authoritarian lists .
although some of them say right , in the image of dimeciar , the former slovak prime minister , were in fact populist and authoritarian lists .

il existe toutefois une contradiction flagrante entre l&apos; universalité et la suprématie des droits de l&apos; homme et les principes de souveraineté et de non interférence dans les affaires intérieures des états , qui font également partie intégrante des documents de l&apos; onu .
yet a glaring contradiction exists between the universality and supremacy of human rights and the principles of sovereignty and non-interference in states &apos; internal affairs , which are also enshrined in un documents .
however , there is a flagrant contradiction between universality and the sumatization of human rights and the principles of sovereignty and not interference in the internal affairs of the states , which are also an integral part of un documents .
however , there is a blatant contradiction between the universality and the predictability of human rights and the principles of sovereignty and not interference in the internal affairs of the states , which are also an integral part of un documents .

leur exode de masse forcé de 1999 et l&apos; intervention de l&apos; otan qui a suivi , mettant un terme au règne serbe et établissant un quasi-état sous l&apos; égide de l&apos; onu , a rendu intolérable toute autre solution que celle de l&apos; indépendance .
their forced mass exodus in 1999 and nato &apos;s subsequent intervention , which ended serbia &apos;s rule and established a quasi-state under un administration , has made anything other than independence intolerable .
their mass exodus from 1999 and nato &apos;s intervention , which followed the serbian rule and established almost a state under the auspices of the un , has made any other solution intolerable than that of independence intolerable .
their forced mass exodus of 1999 and nato &apos;s intervention , which followed , putting an end to the serbian state and establishing almost a state under the auspices of the un , has made any alternative to independence .

la démocratie , pour emprunter les termes du philosophe karl popper , se définit par la capacité à écarter ceux qui sont au pouvoir sans violence ; elle constitue alors , selon cette définition , une méthode par essais et erreurs .
democracy , in the words of the philosopher karl popper , is about being able to remove those in power without violence ; it is in this sense about trial and error .
democracy , in order to follow the terms of karl popper , is defined by the ability to remove those who are in power without violence ; it is , according to this definition , a method of testing and mistakes .
democracy , in order to take the words of the office of karl popper , is defined by the ability to remove those who are in power without violence ; it is , according to this definition , a method of testing and errors .

a plusieurs reprises , schrã <unk> der avait ã <unk> tã <unk> extrã<unk> mement stimulã <unk> par les situations dã <unk> sespã <unk> rã <unk> es lorsqu&apos; il se retrouvait dos au mur .
several times before , schröder had been thoroughly energized by desperate situations when he stood with his back to the wall .
a number of times , schrb had already been set in motion , and this was the result of the fact that there was a lack of support for the situation which was caused by the situation of ddsnow , which was the result of which it was now being rejected in the wall .
a number of times , schrder , who had been involved in the past , had said that there had been a great deal of action in which there was a number of times in which there was no doubt that there was a need for a ban on the so-called &apos; yes &apos; to the &apos; wall .

des partis de droite ont quitté la coalition au pouvoir , il a perdu sa majorité dans son propre parti du likoud , et son ministre des finances , benjamin netanyahu , a quitté son gouvernement .
two right-wing parties have left his ruling coalition , he has lost his majority within his own likud party , and his finance minister , binyamin netanyahu , has quit his government .
he lost his majority in his own party of oud , and his finance minister , benjamin netanyahu , left his government .
it has left the coalition of the right parties to power , he lost his majority in his own party of oud , and his finance minister , benjamin netanyahu , left his government .

comme le démontre robert putnam , le théoricien social , « le capital social » ( les réseaux , les normes et la confiance sociale qui facilitent la coopération et la coordination au bénéfice de tous ) est autant un paramètre qu&apos; un résultat de la croissance économique .
as the social theorist robert putnam has explained , &quot; social capital &quot; --the networks , norms , and social trust that facilitate cooperation and coordination for mutual benefit--is as much a determinant as it is a result of economic growth .
as robert putts demonstrates , the social theory , &apos; social capital &apos; ( the networks , standards and social confidence that facilitate cooperation and coordination for the benefit of all ) is as important as a result of economic growth .
as robert putsi , theory in social terms , &apos; social capital &apos; ( networks , standards and social trust that facilitate cooperation and coordination for everyone ) is all the same as a result of economic growth .

si un pays ou une coalition de pays autre que le conseil de sécurité de l&apos; onu fait usage de la force , même en dernier recours , « l&apos; anarchie » , et non le droit international , l&apos; emporterait , détruisant tout espoir d&apos; ordre mondial .
if a country or coalition of countries other than the un security council uses force , even as a last resort , &quot; anarchy &quot; , not international law , would prevail , destroying all hope of world order .
if a country or coalition of countries other than the un security council makes use of force , even in the last resort , &apos; anarchy &apos; , and not international law , would destroy any global hope .
if a country or a coalition of countries other than the un security council makes use of force , even in the last resort , &apos; anity &apos; , and not international law , it would destroy , destroying any hope of global order .

en fait , quand bush demanda à l&apos; académie nationale des sciences américaine d&apos; examiner la question , le verdict fut retentissant : les gaz à effet de serre représentent une menace sérieuse ( c&apos; est bien là le seul verdict qu&apos; ils pouvaient produire ) .
indeed , when asked by bush to look into the matter , america &apos;s national academy of sciences came to a resounding verdict ( the only one they could honestly reach ) that greenhouse gases are a menace .
in fact , when bush called for the national academy of american sciences to examine the issue , the verdict was resounding : greenhouse gases represent a serious threat ( that is the only verdict they could produce ) .
in fact , when bush called on the national academy of american science to examine the issue , the verdict was remarked : greenhouse gases represent a serious threat ( that is the only verdict they could produce ) .

la banque mondiale estime qu&apos; en 2035 , près de trois milliards de personnes , presque toutes dans les pays en développement , pourraient vivre dans des conditions de manque d&apos; eau très graves , particulièrement si elles vivent en afrique , au moyen-orient ou en asie du sud .
the world bank estimates that by 2035 , as many as three billion people , almost all of them in developing countries , could live under conditions of severe water stress , especially if they happen to live in africa , the middle east , or south asia .
the world bank believes that in 2035 , almost three billion people , almost all in developing countries , could live in very serious water conditions , particularly if they live in africa , the middle east or south asia .
the world bank believes that in 2035 , almost three billion people , almost all in developing countries , could live in very serious water conditions , particularly if they live in africa , the middle east or south asia .

il prétend que si le kosovo devient indépendant , l&apos; ultranationaliste parti radical se hissera au pouvoir aux prochaines élections , et estime que tenir des élections dès cette année incitera le groupe de contact à repousser sa proposition au conseil de sécurité .
it claims that if kosovo is granted independence , the ultranationalist radical party will come to power in the next elections , and believes that holding elections as early as this year will cause the contact group to delay a proposal to the security council .
he claims that , if kosovo becomes independent , the radical party uldiary will be in power in the next elections , and believes that holding elections this year will encourage the contact group to postpone its proposal to the security council .
it claims that , if kosovo becomes independent , the ulrc radical party will be in power in the next elections , and that elections will be held from this year will encourage the contact group to push forward its proposal to the security council .

trois causes psychologiques ressortent de tout cela : tout d&apos; abord , une modification de la perception du public quant aux sources de valeur dans une économie mondiale en mutation , puis la confiance croissante du public dans les villes &quot; glamour &quot; dont le nom est connu mondialement et enfin la simple dynamique enivrante des bulles spéculatives .
three psychological causes stand out : first , a change in people &apos;s perceptions about the source of value in a changing world economy ; second , increasing public faith in &quot; glamour &quot; cities with international name recognition ; and third , the plain giddy dynamics of speculative bubbles .
three psychological causes arise from all this : firstly , a change in public perception of value sources in a changing global economy , and then the growing public confidence in the &apos; glamour &apos; towns whose name is known globally and , finally , the simple dynamic of the speculative bubble .
all three psychological causes come from this : first of all , a change in public perception of the sources of value in a changing world economy , and then the growing confidence of the public in the &apos; glamour &apos; cities , whose name is globalised and finally the mere dynamic of speculators .

toutefois , avec la disparition du communisme , le problème rencontré par jean-paul ii et son eglise à l&apos; heure actuelle est le suivant : dans quelle langue les valeurs évangéliques peuvent-elles être exprimées dans un monde dans lequel le mal n&apos; est pas incarné par un système politique , mais est présent dans chaque âme ?
with communism gone , however , the problem confronted by john paul ii and his church today is this : in what language can evangelical values be articulated in a world where evil is not incarnated in a political system but is diffused in individual souls ?
however , with the disappearance of communism , the problem encountered by john paul ii and his egnos at the moment is the following : in what language can avoided values be expressed in a world in which evil is not embedded by a political system , but is present in every soul ?
however , with the disappearance of communism , the problem faced by john paul ii and his egnos at the moment is the following : in which language can be expressed in a world in which the evil is not embodied by a political system , but is present in every soul ?

de tels encouragements à thésauriser plutôt qu&apos; à dépenser maintiennent la demande au plus bas et toujours à la baisse tandis que le chômage se développe et augmente sur une période de temps très longue que même les politiciens et les économistes qui défendent avec ardeur les politiques du laissez-faire ne peuvent accepter .
such strong incentives to hoard rather than spend can keep demand low and falling , and unemployment high and rising , for a much longer time than even the most laissez-faire-oriented politician or economist had ever dared contemplate .
instead of spending demand at the lowest and ever lower , while unemployment is growing and rising over a very long period of time , even politicians and economists who defend the policies of leaving it cannot accept .
instead of spending the lowest demand on the lowest and ever lower demand , while unemployment is developing and increasing at a time of very long times as politicians and economists who defend the policies of the leave cannot accept .

ainsi , en afrique sub-saharienne , des milliers de jeunes combattants -- 100.000 rien qu&apos; au soudan -- espèrent reconstruire leur vie pour le temps de paix , mais ils ont manifestement besoin d&apos; une formation et d&apos; un emploi , ainsi que de soins médicaux et d&apos; un soutien psychologique .
for example , sub-saharan africa has thousands of young combatants -- 100,000 in sudan alone -- who hope to reconstruct their lives in peacetime but clearly require skills training and jobs , as well as medical and psychological support .
in this way , in sub-saharan africa , thousands of young fighters - 100 000 alone in sudan - are hoping to rebuild their lives for peace time , but they obviously need training and employment , as well as medical care and psychological support .
for example , in sub-saharan africa , thousands of young people in sub-saharan africa - 10-1000000 than in sudan - are hoping to rebuild their lives for peace time , but they clearly need training and employment , as well as medical care and psychological support .

m. sharon a-t-il réellement été convaincu par les démographes que le « grand israël » qui autrefois semblait être son aspiration première impliquait effectivement la fin de l&apos; état juif ou bien sa stratégie de désengagement axée sur « gaza avant tout » signifiait-elle véritablement « gaza uniquement » ?
was sharon really convinced by demographers that the &quot; great israel &quot; that once seemed to be his dream would actually mean the end of a jewish state , or did his disengagement strategy of &quot; gaza first &quot; really mean &quot; gaza last &quot; ?
has mr sharon really been convinced by the demolition that the so-called &apos; great israel &apos; , which once seemed to be his first ambition , meant the end of the jewish state or his strategy of disengagement on &apos; gaza first &apos; , does he really mean &apos; gaza only &apos; ?
has mr sharon really been convinced by the demolistens that the &apos; great israel &apos; , which seemed to have been his first aspiration , actually meant the end of the jewish state or its strategy of disengagement on &apos; gaza &apos; , does he really mean &apos; gaza alone &apos; ?

entre temps , le chômage galopant , le fossé des qualifications et de la productivité se creusant , ainsi que la « dé-formalisation » et la « dé-méthodologie » qui frappent les marchés de l&apos; emploi ont exacerbé les inégalités de revenus dans le monde entier , le nombre de « travailleurs pauvres » et l&apos; incidence de la « croissance du nombre des sans travail » se sont accrus .
meanwhile , growing unemployment , widening skill and productivity gaps , and the &quot; informalization &quot; or &quot; casualization &quot; of labor markets have exacerbated income inequalities worldwide , as the number of &quot; working poor &quot; and the incidence of &quot; jobless growth &quot; has spread .
the gap in qualifications and productivity is increasing , as well as the &apos; formalisation &apos; and the &apos; demethodology &apos; that hit employment markets have exacerbated the inequalities of income throughout the world , the number of &apos; poor workers &apos; and the impact of &apos; increased labour growth &apos; .
unemployment between time , unemployment , the gap in qualifications and productivity is growing , as well as the &apos; detraining &apos; and the &apos; demethodology &apos; , which hit the employment markets have exacerbated the inequalities throughout the world , the number of &apos; poor workers &apos; and the impact of &apos; growth &apos; and the growth of labour growth &apos; .

inquiet à l&apos; idée que l&apos; administration bush puisse être en train de berner tout le monde sur le coût de la guerre en irak , comme elle l&apos; a déjà fait sur les armes de destruction massive et sur ses liens avec al qaida , je me suis associé à linda bilmes , experte du budget à harvard , pour examiner le problème .
concerned that the bush administration might be misleading everyone about the iraq war &apos;s costs , just as it had about iraq &apos;s weapons of mass destruction and connection with al qaida , i teamed up with linda bilmes , a budget expert at harvard , to examine the issue .
i was concerned that the bush administration could be at the expense of the war in iraq , as it has already done on weapons of mass destruction and on its links with qaida , i was involved in billinda , the expert budget , to look at the problem .
the idea that the bush administration should be able to take on the cost of the war in iraq , as it has already done on the massive destruction of weapons and its links with qada , i was associated with linda billinda , the expert budget to examine the problem , to examine the problem , as it has already done on the massive weapons of mass destruction and its links with qaida , i have associated with billinda , the expert budget .

