les nouvelles autorités tchétchènes semblent s&apos; en réjouir .
the new chechen authorities seem to welcome this prospect .
the new chechen authorities seem to be pleased about this .
the new authorities seem to be pleased with this .

qu&apos; est-ce qui pourrait interrompre ce processus ?
what can halt this ?
what could this process stop ?
what could it interrupt this process ?

l&apos; allemagne en état de choc économique
germany &apos;s five shocks
germany in a state of economic shock
germany in the state of economic shock

les exceptions prouvent la règle .
the exceptions prove the rule .
the exceptions prove the rule .
the exceptions show the rule .

l&apos; ennemi virtuel
the virtual enemy
the virtual enemy of virtual enemy
virtual enemy

ce qui confère donc un rôle important aux comparaisons internationales des systèmes .
international comparison of systems therefore plays an important role .
this therefore gives an important role to international comparisons of systems .
thus , this gives an important role to international comparisons of systems .

il est impossible d&apos; empêcher l&apos; utilisation politique de la politique fiscale .
preventing the political use of fiscal policy is an impossible task .
it is impossible to prevent the political use of tax policy .
it is impossible to prevent the political use of fiscal policy .

la seule solution réaliste pour le kosovo , c&apos; est l&apos; indépendance .
no realistic solution exists for kosovo but independence .
the only realistic solution for kosovo is independence .
the only realistic solution for kosovo is independence .

qu&apos; est-ce qui explique de si mauvais résultats de l&apos; allemagne ?
why has germany performed so badly ?
what is the reason for such bad results from germany ?
what is the reason why is it so bad for germany &apos;s results ?

peut-être n&apos; a t-il finalement pas réfléchi à la question .
because he has not thought about the question for one moment .
perhaps he did not finally think about the matter .
perhaps it was not finally thought of the question .

et le même genre d&apos; avancées parmi les chaînes de grossistes compte pour 25 % supplémentaires !
similar advances in wholesaling supply chains account for another 25 % !
and the same kind of progress among the industrial chains is estimated at 25 % more !
and the same kind of progress among the carpet chains for 25 % !

ce phénomène ne fait que souligner la nécessité d&apos; assurer l&apos; innocuité des médicaments .
but this makes drug safety all the more important .
this phenomenon only highlights the need to ensure that medicines are safe .
this phenomenon only highlights the need to ensure the safety of medicines .

il est possible qu&apos; elle soit perçue comme un indice de cette asymétrie .
there &apos;s a chance that it would be perceived as a pointer to this asymmetry .
it is possible for it to be seen as an indication of this asymmetry .
it is possible for it to be seen as an indication of this asymmetry .

les problèmes sont subtils car ils dépendent des actions des gouvernements à venir .
the issues are subtle , because they hinge on what future governments may do .
the problems are subjugated because they depend on the actions of the governments to come .
the problems are suffering because they depend on the actions of the future governments .

l&apos; irak faisait partie de ceux-là , mais il en existe bien d&apos; autres .
iraq was such a state , but there are others .
iraq was one of those , but there are many others .
iraq was part of them , but there are many others .

le deuxième choc a été celui de l&apos; intégration européenne , notamment l&apos; élargissement au nord et au sud .
the second shock was eu integration , including the northern and southern enlargements .
the second shock was that of european integration , including enlargement to the north and to the south .
the second shock was that of european integration , particularly enlargement in the north and the south .

l&apos; opposition de la bce et de la commission à une adoption précoce de l&apos; euro est mal fondée .
the opposition of the ecb and the commission to rapid euro adoption lacks strong foundations .
the opposition from the ecb and the commission to early adoption of the euro is ill-founded .
the opposition of the ecb and the commission to an early adoption of the euro is badly founded .

ce n&apos; est que dans l&apos; enseignement secondaire que les élèves tirent pleinement profit de l&apos; enseignement primaire .
we know that the full benefit of primary school is realized only when children go on to secondary school .
it is only in secondary education that pupils make full use of primary education .
only in secondary education can pupils benefit fully from primary education .

l&apos; ère de mondialisation que nous vivons a émergé avec la diffusion des ordinateurs et d&apos; internet .
today &apos;s era of globalization emerged with the spread of computers and the internet .
the age of globalisation that we are experiencing has emerged with the dissemination of computers and the internet .
the era of globalisation that we live has emerged with the dissemination of computers and internet .

ils visent en priorité à régler les problèmes immédiats et à recueillir aujourd&apos; hui les bénéfices promis .
their priority is paying for immediate problems , and for today &apos;s promised benefits .
they are aimed primarily at solving the immediate problems and at collecting the promised profits today .
they are primarily aimed at resolving the immediate problems and meeting the promised profits today .

la campagne électorale de roh a également bénéficié d&apos; une tendance grandissante à l&apos; anti-américanisme .
roh &apos;s campaign also took advantage of a rising tide of anti-americanism .
the election campaign in roh has also benefited from a growing trend towards anti-america .
the roh election campaign has also benefited from a growing trend towards anti-american anti-nationalism .

faute d&apos; un tel effort , tenter d&apos; améliorer la situation équivaut à bâtir une maison sur un tas de sable .
without such an effort , attempting to improve the situation is like building a house on a sand dune .
without such an effort , trying to improve the situation amounts to building a house on a hole .
without such an effort , trying to improve the situation amounts to building a house on a lot of sand .

nous devons encore faire face fermement aux problèmes inter générations qui se situent au coeur des dilemmes économiques actuels .
still , we need to face squarely the intergenerational issues at the core of today &apos;s economic dilemmas .
we still have to face a strong face to the problems of the generations that are at the heart of the current economic changes .
we still have to face up to the problems of generations that are at the heart of the current economic tenacity .

de quoi sommes-nous redevables envers nos arrières-arrières-arrières petits-enfants ?
what do we owe to our great-great-great-grandchildren ?
what are we able to pay for our return to grandchildren ?
what are we going to have to do with our grandchildren ?

des solutions pratiques sont pourtant accessibles , car des technologies simples et peu onéreuses peuvent résoudre certains problèmes spécifiques .
yet practical solutions are at hand , because simple and low-cost technologies can address specific problems .
practical solutions are , however , accessible , because simple and low-cost technologies can solve certain specific problems .
practical solutions are , however , accessible , because simple and low-expensive technologies can solve certain specific problems .

en répétant les commentaires retouchés , l&apos; administration bush espérait que l&apos; opinion publique se rallierait à la guerre .
by repeating the altered comments , it was hoped , mass opinion would shift in favor of the war .
by repeating the reaffected comments , the bush administration hoped that public opinion would join in the war .
as a repeat of the reaffected comments , the bush administration hoped that public opinion would join the war .

de la même manière , établir des liens entre la serbie et le kosovo , quelles que soient les circonstances , sera problématique .
likewise , there will be problems establishing ties between serbia and kosovo under any circumstances .
similarly , establishing links between serbia and kosovo , whatever circumstances , will be problematic .
in the same way , establishing links between serbia and kosovo , whatever circumstances , will be problematic .

m. assad , par exemple , ne comprend toujours pas , apparemment , combien le gouvernement bush associe son régime au terrorisme .
for example , assad apparently still does not realize how much the bush administration associates his regime with terrorism .
mr assad , for example , does not always understand , apparently , how much the bush government is linking its regime to terrorism .
mr assad , for example , does not always understand , apparently , how much the bush government shares its regime in terrorism .

tout d&apos; abord , l&apos; économie mondiale semble plus chaotique qu&apos; elle ne le paraissait il y a dix ans .
first , the world economy does look more chaotic than it did a decade ago .
first of all , the global economy seems to be more difficult than it seemed ten years ago .
first of all , the world economy seems to be more chaos than it seemed ten years ago .

la france et l&apos; allemagne ne forment pas un axe aspirant à devenir une sorte de leadership alternatif aux etats-unis .
france and germany are not an axis aspiring to be some sort of an alternative leadership to the us .
france and germany are not a axis that wants to become a kind of alternative leadership in the united states .
france and germany are not an axis to become a kind of alternative leadership in the united states .

l&apos; accord d&apos; association de 1963 a créé une relation particulière , couronnée par l&apos; union douanière en 1996 .
with the association agreement of 1963 , a special relationship was established , culminating in the customs union of 1996 .
the association agreement of 1963 created a special relationship between the customs union and 1996 .
the 1963 association agreement created a particular relationship between the customs union in 1996 .

le public exige des réponses rapides à des problèmes complexes qui , s&apos; ils restent irrésolus , risquent de mettre en danger la planète .
the public demands quick answers to complex problems that , unsolved , risk endangering the planet .
the public demands rapid responses to complex problems which , if they remain unsolved , risk putting the planet at risk .
the public requires rapid answers to complex problems which , if they remain unsolved , may jeopardise the planet .

bénéficier d&apos; une période initiale de croissance pour expérimenter et innover sur ces fronts peut se révéler fortement payant par la suite .
using an initial period of growth to experiment and innovate on these fronts can pay high dividends later on .
having an initial period of growth to test and innovate on these fronts may prove to be very much paid subsequently .
it is possible to benefit from a initial period of growth in order to experiments and innovate on these fronts to a large extent .

pour ceux qui soutiennent l&apos; une ou l&apos; autre de ces interprétations , m. sharon se verra attribuer à jamais le bénéfice du doute .
for those who support one or the other reading , sharon will forever hold the benefit of the doubt .
for those who support one or other of these interpretations , mr sharon will never be given the benefit of the doubt .
for those who support one or the other of these interpretations , mr sharon will ever be given the benefit of the doubt .

pour que le paradigme &quot; guerre &quot; fonctionne , l&apos; administration bush fait allusion à al-qaida comme à un ennemi précis .
in order to make the &quot; war &quot; paradigm fit , the bush administration alludes to al-qaeda as a centrally directed enemy .
the bush administration refers to al-qaeda as a specific enemy for the paradigm &apos; war &apos; .
to ensure that the &apos; war &apos; line works , the bush administration refers to al-qaeda as a specific enemy .

les albanais du kosovo ont déclaré qu&apos; ils n&apos; accepteront aucun lien avec la serbie , pour infime qu&apos; il soit .
kosovo &apos;s ethnic albanians have proclaimed that they will not accept any tie to serbia , no matter how tenuous .
the albanians in kosovo have said that they will not accept any link with serbia , for infime .
the albanians in kosovo have said that they will not accept any link with serbia , for infim .

le taux de signalements spontanés aux agences de régulation est bas , environ 1 % , et les contrôles sont passifs dans de nombreux pays .
spontaneous reporting rates to regulatory agencies are low -- approximately 1 % -- and ongoing monitoring is passive in many countries .
the spontaneous rate of information to regulatory agencies is low , approximately 1 % , and controls are passive in many countries .
the rate of spontaneously reported to regulatory agencies is low , approximately 1 % , and controls are passive in many countries .

certains politiciens peuvent de nouveau réussir à ancrer l&apos; idée que l&apos; inflation , en étant stimulante , constitue un bienfait pour l&apos; économie .
some future politicians may succeed again in planting the idea that inflation , being stimulative , is good for the economy .
some politicians can once again succeed in annoying the idea that inflation , being stimulating , is a welcome fact for the economy .
some politicians can once again succeed in making the idea that inflation , as a stimulus , is a welcome fact for the economy .

dans les années à venir , la chine et l&apos; inde vont aussi largement contribuer à l&apos; augmentation du taux de dioxyde de carbone dans l&apos; atmosphère .
in future years , china and india also will make massive contributions to increased carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
in the coming years , china and india will also make a significant contribution to increasing the carbon dioxide rate in the atmosphere .
in the coming years , china and india will also make a significant contribution to increasing the carbon dioxide rate in the atmosphere .

la rhétorique de bush &quot; eux et nous &quot; définit clairement un &quot; autre &quot; et le positionne en tant qu&apos; ennemi cohésif .
bush &apos;s &quot; us and them &quot; rhetoric clearly defines an &quot; other &quot; and positions it as a cohesive enemy .
bush &apos;s rhetoric and &apos; we clearly define &apos; another &apos; and the position as a cohesive enemy .
the rhetoric of bush &apos; , and we &apos; clearly define another &apos; and the position as a cohesive enemy .

le démantèlement des frontières intérieures de l&apos; ue a élargi d&apos; un coup la taille des marchés nationaux et a provoqué les économies d&apos; échelle prévues .
the dismantling of the eu &apos;s internal borders boosted each country &apos;s market size and brought about the predicted economies of scale .
the dismantling of the eu &apos;s internal borders has widened the size of the national markets and has caused the planned economies of scale .
the dismantling of the internal borders of the eu has extended the size of the national markets and has caused the planned economies .

l&apos; europe a besoin d&apos; une politique monétaire considérant que la baisse du taux de chômage en europe du nord est plus importante que la stabilité des prix du continent .
europe needs a monetary policy that views aiding employment growth in northern europe as more important than continental price stability .
europe needs a monetary policy in view of the fact that the reduction in unemployment in northern europe is more important than price stability in the continent .
europe needs a monetary policy in view of the fact that the fall in the unemployment rate in northern europe is more important than the stability of the prices of the continent .

la bce ne doit pas faire la même erreur , même si l&apos; on considère que ces deux banques centrales opèrent dans des milieux différents et avec des contraintes différentes .
the ecb must not make the same mistake , even bearing in mind that the two central banks operate in different milieus and under different constraints .
the ecb must not make the same mistake , even though it is considered that these two central banks operate in different quarters and with different constraints .
the ecb must not make the same mistake , even if we consider that these two central banks operate in different circles and with different constraints .

il n&apos; est pas juste de reprocher les effets indésirables graves aux médecins , particulièrement en l&apos; absence d&apos; informations exhaustives sur l&apos; innocuité des médicaments .
it is unfair to blame clinicians for serious adr &apos;s , particularly in the absence of complete safety information .
it is not fair to reproach the undesirable effects of doctors , particularly in the absence of comprehensive information on the innovation of medicines .
it is not right to criticise the serious adverse effects of doctors , particularly in the absence of comprehensive information on the innovation of medicines .

espérons que le groupe des nations amies pourra aider à mettre en place une solution novatrice dans le cas de l&apos; impasse vénézuélienne .
it is to be hoped that the group of friendly nations can help design an innovative solution to venezuela &apos;s standoff .
let us hope that the amies group will be able to help put in place an innovative solution in the case of the venezuelan deadlock .
let us hope that the amies group can help to put in place an innovative solution in the case of the nigerian deadlock .

le corollaire est que l&apos; argent public rend possible une programmation aventureuse même si le goût du public a tendance à être conservateur .
a corollary is that public money makes it possible for adventuresome programming even if audience tastes run to the conservative side .
the corollary is that public money makes programming possible even if the public taste tends to be conservative .
the corollary is that public money makes it possible for public money to provide an programming , even if the public ’ s taste tend to be conservative .

malheureusement , le programme de recherches a été annulé avant que ses découvertes ne puissent s&apos; appliquer au monde des affaires , sûrement parce qu&apos; il menaçait de grandes entreprises .
unfortunately , the research program was cancelled before its findings could be applied in the business world , almost certainly because it threatened large companies .
unfortunately , the research programme was cancelled before its discoveries cannot apply to the business world , surely because it threatened large companies .
unfortunately , the research programme has been cancelled before its findings are unable to apply to the business world , certainly because it threatened large companies .

en défendant leurs valeurs et leur sécurité , les américains s&apos; évertuent plutôt à défendre le monde , tout particulièrement le monde occidental , de nouvelles menaces sombres .
rather , in defending their values and security , americans strive to defend the world , especially the western world , from dark new threats .
by defending their values and their security , the americans are rather trying to defend the world , especially the western world , of new somali threats .
by defending their values and their security , the americans are more likely to defend the world , especially the western world , with new somali threats .

le plus connu en occident est the management of savagery &#91; la gestion de la brutalité &#93; , mais seulement parce qu&apos; il a été traduit et rendu public .
the best known in the west is the management of savagery , but only because it was translated and made public .
the most known in the west is the management of knew agery &#91; the management of brutality &#93; , but only because it has been translated and made public .
the most known in the west is the management of agagery &#91; the management of brutality &#93; , but only because it has been translated and made public .

après tout , l&apos; histoire de la défense antimissiles regorge d&apos; exemples de déceptions technologiques pour ses partisans , qu&apos; ils fassent partie du gouvernement ou pas .
after all , the history of missile defense is a tale of technology constantly disappointing its advocates in and out of government .
after all , the history of anti-missile defence is full of examples of technological disappointment for its supporters , whether they are part of the government or not .
after all , the history of the anti-missile defence of examples of technological discharges for its supporters , whether they are part of the government or not .

quand les politiciens interprètent la législation avec une certaine dose de créativité dans ces circonstances , ils le font généralement pour assurer la survie des démocraties fragiles en pleine crise .
while politicians interpreted the law with a good deal of creativity in these instances , they usually did so to ensure the survival of fragile democracies facing a crisis .
when politicians interpret legislation with a certain degree of creativity in these circumstances , they usually do so in order to ensure the survival of fragile democracies in the midst of crisis .
when politicians interpret legislation with a certain amount of creativity in these circumstances , they generally do so in order to ensure the survival of fragile democracies in the middle east .

depuis l&apos; effondrement du communisme , en république tchèque , en hongrie , en pologne et en slovaquie , les partis de la droite modérée sont morcelés et manquent d&apos; une véritable perspective politique .
since communism &apos;s fall , center right parties in the czech republic , hungary , poland , and slovakia have suffered from disunity and a lack of vision .
since the collapse of communism , in the czech republic , hungary , poland and slovakia , the parties of the moderate right have died and lack a genuine political perspective .
since the collapse of communism , in the czech republic , hungary , poland and slovakia , the moderate right parties are dead and lack of a real political perspective .

mã <unk> ntefering est toutefois plus attachã <unk> aux valeurs traditionnelles du parti socio dã <unk> mocrate ( ou de l&apos; ancien parti travailliste ) .
müntefering , however , is more attached to traditional social democratic ( or old labour ) values .
however , mmmnteing is more committed to the traditional values of the societal party ( or the old labour party ) .
however , it is more important to protect the traditional values of the social party , dashed mote ( or the former labour party ) .

les français ont peut-être inventé l&apos; hypermarché , ancêtre du magasin big box , mais ils n&apos; ont jamais eu l&apos; intention de le laisser se développer sans contrôle .
the french may have invented the hyper mart -- the forerunner of the big-box store -- but they never intended to let their growth go unchecked .
the french have perhaps invented the market , which is to be the big shop , but they have never had the intention of allowing it to develop without control .
the french have perhaps called on the market to be unloved , but they have never had the intention to develop without control .

au cours des 25 dernières années , le chômage européen a augmenté à mesure que la politique monétaire se tendait et que les taux d&apos; intérêt étaient relevés pour combattre l&apos; inflation .
over the past 25 years in europe , unemployment rose as monetary policy was tightened and interest rates were raised to fight inflation .
over the last 25 years , european unemployment has increased as monetary policy has come up and interest rates have been increased in order to combat inflation .
in the last 25 years , european unemployment has increased as monetary policy is moving and interest rates were raised to combat inflation .

la guerre en irak était un immense &quot; projet &quot; et pourtant il apparaît aujourd&apos; hui que l&apos; analyse de ses bénéfices a été très erronée et celle de ses coûts pratiquement absente .
the iraq war was an immense &quot; project , &quot; yet it now appears that the analysis of its benefits was greatly flawed and that of its costs virtually absent .
the war in iraq was a huge project and yet it now appears that the analysis of its profits has been very mistaken and that of its almost absent costs .
the war in iraq was a huge &apos; project &apos; , yet it now appears that the analysis of its profits has been very wrong and that of its costs practically absent .

les pourparlers de cette année à vienne , orchestrés par les nations unies , ont montré qu&apos; un accord entre la serbie et le kosovo sur un &quot; statut final &quot; ne verra pas le jour .
negotiations this year in vienna , brokered by the united nations , showed that an agreed settlement between serbia and kosovo on &quot; final status &quot; will not happen .
the talks this year in vienna , orchested by the united nations , have shown that an agreement between serbia and kosovo on a &apos; final status &apos; will not come into being .
the talks of this year in vienna , orchestated by the united nations , have shown that an agreement between serbia and kosovo on a &apos; final status &apos; will not take place on the day .

le « bulldozer » est devenu le grand-père de la plupart des israéliens et le dernier atout de la diplomatie occidentale pour les américains et , de manière surprenante , pour les européens également .
the &quot; bulldozer &quot; had become the grandfather of most israelis and the last card of western diplomacy , for americans and , surprisingly , for europeans , too .
the &apos; buller &apos; has become the grandfather of most israelis and the last asset of western diplomacy for the americans and , surprisingly , for europeans too .
the &apos; bullcer &apos; has become the grandfather of most of the israelis and the last asset of western diplomacy for the americans and , in an overtaken way , for europeans too .

deux des causes psychologiques suggèrent une hausse continue des prix de l&apos; immobilier tandis que la troisième suggère la fin de ce mouvement à la hausse un de ces jours , sans préciser quand .
two of the three psychological causes suggest continued upward momentum in housing prices , while the third suggests that the momentum will come to an end some day , but does not pinpoint when .
two of the psychological causes suggest a continuous rise in property prices , while the third suggests the end of this movement to an increase in these days , without clarifying when .
two of the psychological causes suggest a continuing rise in property prices , whereas the third suggests the end of this movement to the rise of one day , without making it clear when .

les individus peuvent être motivés par le profit ou la soif de puissance , ou pour des raisons politiques et religieuses , alors que d&apos; autres agissent par haine ou pour le grand frisson .
individuals can be involved for profit and power , or for political and religious reasons , while others participate for hate or thrills .
individuals can be motivated by the profit or thirst of power , or for political and religious reasons , while others act by hatred or for the great brotherhood .
individuals can be motivated by profit or power if they have political and religious reasons , while others act by hatred or for the great brothers .

ils ont ruminé les prévisions économiques les plus récentes , qui projettent une croissance annuelle du pib dans la zone euro cette année au niveau tristement anémique de 0,7 % .
they ruminated over the most recent economic forecast , which projects annual gdp growth in the euro zone this year at a pathetically anemic 0.7 % .
the most recent economic forecasts , which promise an annual growth in gdp in the euro area this year at the sad level of 0.7 % , were ruminant .
they have spread the most recent economic forecasts , which promise an annual growth in gdp in the euro area this year at a sad level of 0.7 % .

même si chaque nouvelle boutique vole une partie de la clientèle des magasins wal-mart établis dans les environs , l&apos; efficacité des approvisionnements en constante amélioration contribue à maintenir la croissance globale de la chaîne .
even though each new store takes away business from wal-mart stores established nearby , ever-improving supply efficiencies help maintain the chain &apos;s overall growth .
even though every new shield is one of the clientele of the al-mart shops established in the near future , the effectiveness of constantly improving supplies contributes to maintaining the overall growth of the chain .
even if every new bouillet is a part of the clique of the wal-mart shops , which are established in the vicinity , the efficiency of constant improvements contributes to maintaining the overall growth of the chain .

la bulgarie et la roumanie se rapprochant à leur tour de l&apos; entrée dans l&apos; ue , et les négociations qui doivent s&apos; ouvrir avec la turquie et la croatie , il est devenu essentiel de remettre en question cette idée .
as bulgaria and romania come closer to membership , and with accession talks with turkey and croatia set to begin , it has become increasingly important to challenge that view .
bulgaria and romania are moving closer to the eu &apos;s entry round , and the negotiations that must be opened with turkey and croatia , it has become essential to question this idea .
bulgaria and romania are moving closer to the entry into the eu , and the negotiations that must be opened with turkey and croatia , it has become essential to put this idea into question .

puisque m. chávez utilisa des moyens paraconstitutionnels pour promouvoir ses désirs de changement en 1999 , que la communauté internationale ne se limite pas à la constitution en vigueur pour résoudre cette crise qui ronge la nation .
as chávez used para-constitutional means to advance a desire for change in 1999 , so the international community should not be confined by the present constitution in pressing to resolve a crisis that is ruining the country .
since mr chávez is using constitutional means to promote his desire for change in 1999 , the international community is not confined to the constitution in force to resolve this crisis that is bringing the nation back .
since mr chávez uses constitutional means to promote his desire for change in 1999 , the international community does not limit itself to the constitution in force to resolve this crisis which ends the nation .

mieux vaut une augmentation sur la base de 50 points maintenant , permettant ainsi à la reprise économique de se poursuivre en maîtrisant l&apos; inflation , qu&apos; une augmentation trois ou quatre fois plus élevée que ce chiffre plus tard .
better a 50-basis-point increase now -- thereby allowing the economic recovery to continue by keeping inflation in check -- than triple or quadruple that figure down the road .
it is better to increase on the basis of 50 points now , allowing economic recovery to continue by controlling inflation , than three or four times higher than this figure later .
it is better to increase on the basis of 50 points now , thereby allowing economic recovery to continue by controlling inflation , than an increase of three or four times higher than this figure later .

le terme « relations internationales » suppose un ordre westphalien d&apos; engagements parmi des nations souveraines , qui a remplacé l&apos; ordre médiéval de communautés définies par l&apos; allégeance personnelle à un roi .
the term &quot; international relations &quot; assumes the westphalian order of commitments among sovereign nation states , which replaced the medieval order of communities defined by personal fealty to a king .
the term &apos; international relations &apos; requires a westphen order of commitments among sovereign nations , which replaced the medieval order of communities defined by the personal claim to a king .
the term &apos; international relations &apos; requires a westphen order of commitments among sovereign nations , which has replaced the medieval order of communities defined by the personal claim to an king .

les appointements gouvernementaux pour la scolarité et pour les nouvelles universités ainsi que pour les universités agrandies peuvent jouer un grand rôle , tout comme les investissements dans les ordinateurs et les technologies de l&apos; information dans les écoles et les communautés .
government stipends for tuition and for new and enlarged universities can play a big role , as can investment in computers and information technology in schools and communities .
government skills for school education and for new universities and for agranate universities can play a major role , as can investment in computers and information technologies in schools and communities .
government skills for education and for new universities and for agrana universities can play a major role , as can investment in computers and information technologies in schools and communities .

la réglementation de contrôle et l&apos; application sont deux manières importantes mais différentes de travailler ( disons à travers des partenariats mixtes entre le secteur public et le secteur privé ) qui sont de plus en plus retenues dans bon nombre d&apos; économies asiatiques innovantes .
monitoring rules and enforcement are important , but different ways of working--say , through public-private partnerships--are also increasingly being considered in many innovative asian economies .
the regulation of control and enforcement are two important but different ways of working ( let us say through mixed partnerships between the public sector and the private sector ) , which are increasingly being held in many innovative asian economies .
the regulation of control and application are two important , but different ways of working ( let us say through mixed partnerships between the public sector and the private sector ) which are increasingly held in many innovative asian economies .

ce choix sera déterminé par ce que nous apprendrons au cours des années , mais aujourd&apos; hui , le montant de la taxe dépend plus d&apos; une question d&apos; ordre philosophique : combien estimons-nous devoir à nos lointains descendants ?
our views will change as we learn more , but at the moment the size of the tax hinges on a question of moral philosophy : how much do we believe we owe our distant descendents ?
this choice will be determined by what we will learn over the years , but today the amount of tax depends more on a philosophical issue : how much do we think we have to get off the ground ?
this choice will be determined by what we will learn in the years , but today , the amount of tax depends more on a matter of philosophical order : how many people feel that we have to go away from our tails ?

une récente enquête harris survey aux états-unis conclut que 60 % des adultes ne sont soit pas convaincus du tout , soit pas très convaincus que les fabricants de médicaments divulguent à propos leurs informations sur les effets indésirables de leurs produits .
a recent harris survey in the us concluded that 60 % of adults are either not confident at all or not very confident that drug makers will publicly and in a timely manner disclose data on their products &apos; adverse effects .
a recent harris investigation in the united states concludes that 60 % of adults are not convinced at all , or is not very convinced that manufacturers of medicines are discovering their information on the undesirable effects of their products .
a recent harris survey in the united states concludes that 60 % of adults are not convinced at all , or that the manufacturers of medicines tell them about their information on the undesirable effects of their products .

jean-paul ii ne se passionne donc pas pour la civilisation occidentale moderne , avec sa séparation d&apos; avec le monde des valeurs , et il l&apos; oppose à la sensibilité morale des sociétés tout juste sorties de plusieurs décennies de dictature .
so john paul ii is no enthusiast of modern western civilization , with its divorce from the world of values , and he contrasts with it the moral sensitivity of societies with fresh memories of decades of dictatorship .
therefore , john paul ii is not at the heart of modern western civilisation , with its separation from the world of values , and it is opposed to the moral sensitivity of societies that have just emerged from decades of dictatorship .
so it is not for modern western civilisation , with its separation of values with the world of values , and it is opposed to the moral sensitivity of companies that are just coming out of several decades of dictatorship .

en décrivant ses tentatives infructueuses pour obtenir des schémas de diffraction radiographique bien ordonnés à partir des cristaux de la pepsine protéique , il se demandait si bernal pourrait l&apos; aider à obtenir des cristaux d&apos; autres protéines .
describing his unsuccessful attempts to obtain well-ordered x-ray diffraction patterns from crystals of the protein pepsin , he wondered whether bernal could help obtain crystals of other proteins .
by putting its infamous attempts to obtain shrias from radio radar , which is well ordered from the peptoic rate , he asked whether bernal could help him to obtain other protein rates .
by depleting its infamous attempts to obtain shrias of a well-ordered seamen from the rates of pepc crops , it asked whether bernal could help it to achieve higher protein rates .

mais l&apos; intuition première de jean-paul ii est correcte : le monde postcommuniste ( de l&apos; est et de l&apos; ouest ) connaît une crise spirituelle et le pape souhaite l&apos; ébranler en l&apos; amenant à prendre conscience de l&apos; importance de valeurs plus élevées .
but john paul ii &apos;s basic intuition is correct : the postcommunist world--east and west--is in spiritual crisis , and the pope wants to shake it into realizing the importance of higher values .
but the first intuition of john paul ii is correct : the post-communist world ( east and west ) is experiencing a spiritual crisis and the pope wants to undermine it by raising awareness of the importance of higher values .
but the first intum of john paul ii is correct : the post-communist world ( east and west ) has a spiritual crisis and the pope wants to undermine it by making it aware of the importance of higher values .

dans bien des cas , on peut établir que les échecs de la mondialisation remontent au même état d&apos; esprit qui préside à l&apos; échec de l&apos; occupation irakienne : les institutions pluralistes ne doivent pas être au service des intérêts d&apos; un seul pays mais de tous les pays .
in no small measure , the failures of globalization can be traced to the same mindset that led to the failures in iraq : multilateral institutions must serve not just one country &apos;s interest , but all countries &apos; .
in many cases , it is possible to establish that the failures of globalisation go back to the same state of mind that preside with the failure of the iraqi occupation : pluralist institutions must not be at the service of the interests of one country but of all countries .
in many cases , it is possible to establish that the failures of globalisation go back to the same state of mind who is chairing the failure of the iraqi occupation : pluralist institutions must not be at the service of the interests of one country but of all countries .

pour les syriens , un irak démocratique et amical envers les états-unis a toujours été pire qu&apos; un saddam hussein , un ennemi qu&apos; ils connaissaient bien , et avec qui ils ont réalisé des échanges profitables , quand l&apos; irak subissait des sanctions économiques internationales .
for the syrians , a democratic iraq friendly to the us was always far worse than saddam hussein , the enemy they knew -- and later profitably traded with -- during the years of international sanctions against iraq .
for the syrian people , a democratic and friendly iraq towards the united states has always been worse than a saddam hussein , an enemy that they knew well , and with whom they have made good exchanges , when iraq suffered international economic sanctions .
for the syrian people , a democratic and friend iraq towards the united states has always been worse than an saddam hussein , an enemy that they knew well , and with whom they have conducted beneficial trade , when iraq suffered international economic sanctions .

de 1995 à 2005 , la croissance allemande n&apos; aura pas dépassé 14,6 % , alors que la moyenne de la vieille ue a été de 24 % , celle des états-unis 39,9 % , et celle de l&apos; économie mondiale 45,6 % .
from 1995 to 2005 , germany will have grown by only 14.6 % , while the old eu on average will have grown by 24 % , the us by 39.9 % , and the world economy by 45.6 % .
in 1995 to 2005 , german growth will not exceed 14.6 % , while the average of the old eu was 24 % , that of the united states 39.9 % , and that of the world economy 45.6 % .
from 1995 to 2005 , german growth will not exceed 14.6 % , while the average of the old eu has been 24 % , that of the united states of 39.9 % , and that of the global economy 45.6 % .

les défenseurs des arts du spectacle en europe montrent du doigt les états-unis où , entre autres , même de grands chefs d&apos; orchestre doivent participer activement à la recherche de financements et jouer un rôle actif dans la communauté locale au nom de l&apos; orchestre .
performing arts advocates in europe point to the us where , among other things , music directors of even major orchestras are now expected to fully participate in fundraising activities and be active in the local community on the orchestras behalf .
the defenders of the performing arts in europe show the finger at the united states where , among other things , even large heads of association must actively participate in the search for funding and play an active role in the local community in the name of the association .
among other things , there is a need for active participation in the search for funding research and play an active role in the local community in the name of the united states , where , among other things , the united states , which , among other things , has to be actively involved in the search for funding and play an active role in the local community on behalf of the european union .

au cameroun , destiné aux jeunes des villes , un programme concernant l&apos; hygiène sexuelle , horizon jeunes , a permis d&apos; augmenter leurs connaissances en la matière et de modifier leur comportement . ainsi , le taux de jeunes femmes faisant état de l&apos; utilisation des préservatifs est passé de 58 % à 76 % dans le groupe ayant suivi le programme .
in cameroon , horizon <<unk>> , a reproductive health program that targets urban youth , increased young people &apos;s knowledge of reproductive health and successfully changed their behavior , with condom use among females increasing from 58 % to 76 % in the treatment group .
in cameroon , for young people in cities , a programme on sexual hygiene , young people , has made it possible to increase their knowledge in this area and to change their behaviour , so , the youth rate in which the use of condoms has fallen from 58 % to 76 % in the monitoring group of the programme .
in the case of cameroon , for young towns , a programme on sexual hygiene , young people , has enabled them to increase their knowledge in this area and to change their behaviour , so the rate of young women in the use of safeguards has increased by 58 % to 76 % in the group which has followed the programme .

il fut autorisé à sortir de temps à autre , mais sous bonne garde comme un animal de foire , pour aller aux bains ou jouer seul au golf , une des manifestations de la « libéralisation bourgeoise » que ses efforts de réforme économique avaient permis de faire entrer en chine , autrefois hermétiquement fermée .
he was let out from time to time , but under guard like a zoo animal , to go to some spa or to play solitary holes of golf , one of the many manifestations of &quot; bourgeois liberalization &quot; that his reform efforts allowed to leak through china &apos;s once hermetic seal .
it was allowed to break out from time to time , but under good warning as an animal of fodder , to go to bens or play alone in the golf , one of the demonstrations of the &apos; bourgeoise liberalisation &apos; that its economic reform efforts had enabled china to enter china , which was once disclosed .
it was allowed to get out of time from time to time , but under good warning as a focal animal , to go to bones or to play only at the golf , one of the demonstrations of the &apos; bouring liberalisation &apos; that its economic reform efforts made it possible to enter china , which was previously closed .

la politique de la carotte est nécessaire car il y a fort à gagner socialement si l&apos; on découvre , par exemple , que les fleurs coupées , les ballons de foot ou les programmes informatiques peuvent être produits à moindre coût . aussi parce que ce savoir peut orienter les investissements d&apos; autres entrepreneurs .
the carrot is needed because there is great social value in discovering , for example , that cut flowers , or soccer balls , or computer software can be produced at low cost , because this knowledge can orient the investments of other entrepreneurs .
the carrot policy is necessary , because there is a great deal to be gained socially if , for example , we find that cut flavourings , bubble or computer programmes can be produced at less cost , and because that is why we can direct investment from other entrepreneurs .
there is a need for carrot policy , because there is a great deal to gain socially if , for example , there is a need for cuts to be found , for example , that the flaters , the pets or computer programmes can be produced at a lower cost , and because that is because it can guide the investment of other entrepreneurs .

l&apos; autorité palestinienne pourrait aussi s&apos; engager sur le difficile chemin de dire aux réfugiés que , contrairement à ce qu&apos; ont affirmé 50 années de propagande palestinienne , ils ne retourneront pas en israël , mais devront s&apos; installer en cisjordanie et à gaza , les zones qui feront partie de l&apos; état palestinien final .
the palestinian leadership could also start down the difficult road of telling the refugees that -- contrary to almost 50 years of palestinian propaganda -- they will not return to israel , but will have to be settled in the west bank and gaza , the areas that will become part of the eventual palestinian state .
the palestinian authority could also commit itself to the difficult path of saying to refugees that , contrary to what 50 years of palestinian propaganda have said , they will not return to israel , but will have to settle in the west bank and gaza , the areas that will be part of the final palestinian state .
the palestinian authority could also commit itself to the difficult path of saying to refugees that , contrary to what 50 years of palestinian propaganda have said , they will not go back to israel , but will have to set up in the west bank and gaza , the areas that will be part of the final palestinian state .

s&apos; il est prouvé sans ambiguïté que l&apos; irak stockait des armes de destruction massive prêtes à l&apos; emploi au point de constituer une menace sérieuse et qu&apos; il était peu probable que les inspections de l&apos; onu permettent de les détecter , nous devrons reconnaître la validité des arguments de bush et de blair .
if compelling evidence proves that weapons of mass destruction were at hand ; that they were poised for use on a threatening scale ; that the un inspectors had poor prospects of uncovering and dismantling those weapons , then we must acknowledge the arguments made by bush and blair .
if it is clear that iraq has had weapons of mass destruction ready for employment in order to be a serious threat and that it is unlikely that un inspections will allow them to detect , we will have to recognise the validity of bush and blair &apos;s arguments .
it has been clear that iraq has stored weapons of mass destruction that are ready for employment to be a serious threat , and that it was unlikely that un inspections would allow them to detect them , we must recognise the validity of the arguments of bush and blair .

bien que zhao ne fut pas un visionnaire , ni un vaclav havel ni un lech walesa , et pas même anti-communiste , son programme au milieu des années 1980 s&apos; adressait au monde économique , politique , culturel , médiatique et social et il mena à l&apos; une des périodes les plus riches et les plus ouvertes sur le plan intellectuel de l&apos; histoire chinoise .
although zhao was no visionary , no vaclav havel or lech walesa , and not even anti-communist , his agenda in the mid-1980 &apos;s embraced the economy , politics , culture , media , and society , and it led to one of the most open and intellectually rich periods of chinese history .
in writing . - ( pt ) although zhao was not a visionary , nor a haven havh , and not even anti-communist , his programme in the middle of the 1980s was addressed to the economic , political , cultural , social and social world , and it is threatening one of the richest and most open periods in chinese history .
even though zhao was not an visionary , a vacantum or a havh , not even anti-communist programme , in the middle of the years of the 1980s , addressed to the economic , political , media , social and cultural and cultural world , and it led to one of the richest and most open times in the world of china &apos;s intellectual history .

elle est fondã <unk> e sur le pari suivant : une amã <unk> lioration ã <unk> conomique consã <unk> quente se produira ã partir du deuxiã <unk> me semestre 2004 jusqu&apos; aux prochaines ã <unk> lections nationales en automne 2006 et les ã <unk> lecteurs attribueront la reprise attendue aux rã <unk> formes de l&apos; ã <unk> conomie , du marchã <unk> du travail et de l&apos; etat providence , appelã <unk> es &quot; agenda 2010 &quot; , dont schrã <unk> der avait fait le fer de lance de sa chancellerie .
it is based on the bet that there will be a considerable economic upswing from mid-2004 onwards until the next national elections in autumn 2006 - and that voters will attribute the expected recovery to the economic , labour market and welfare state reforms , called &quot; agenda 2010 , &quot; that schröder has made the hallmark of his chancellorship .
it is based on the following : a deflect that is now being set up as a result of the fact that , as a result of the fact that the next national readings in autumn 2006 and the readers will be expected to resume in the form of the present form of farming , the subsequent work of the current state , known as the so-called &apos; welfare &apos; , the so-called &apos; agenda 2010 &apos; , which was set up as a result of its schrk , which was set up in autumn 2006 , and the readers will be expected to resume in the form of the form of the current business , which will arise from the so-called &apos; welfare &apos; agenda 2010 &apos; .
as a whole , it has been further developed on the whole of the debate , which has been repeated : a friend of the past : a friend , amdlic , which was passed on from the past year 2004 , which will have to be dealt with from the six months 2004 to the next period of national readings in the autumn of 2006 and the expected recovery of the forms of the establishment of the labour market , the labour force of the labour market and the protection of the welfare state , which will be protected from the welfare agenda , which was to be protected by the year 2010 , which had the protection of the national readings in the autumn 2006 and the reader of its reader .

