aucune des deux propositions n&apos; est donc possible politiquement .
both proposals are thus politically unfeasible .
none of the two proposals is therefore politically possible .
none of the two proposals is therefore possible politically .

les défis de la survie sont donc énormes .
so the challenges of survival are enormous .
the challenges of survival are therefore enormous .
the challenges of survival are therefore huge .

la portée du problème est pourtant énorme .
the magnitude of the problem is huge .
however , the scope of the problem is enormous .
however , the scope of the problem is enormous .

débloquer la situation en amérique latine
getting latin america unstuck
in latin america , the situation in latin america is unsolved .
the situation in latin america

que veut l&apos; amérique ?
what does america want ?
what does america want ?
what does america want ?

les jeunes représentent la moitié des nouveaux cas d&apos; infection par le vih .
young people account for half of all new hiv infections .
young people account for half of the new cases of hiv infection .
young people represent half of the new cases of hiv infection .

la &quot; niet &quot; préalable de la russie ne sera peut-être définitif .
russia &apos;s early &quot; nyet &quot; may not be the last word .
the &apos; niet &apos; of russia may not be final .
the &apos; niand &apos; prior &apos; of russia will perhaps not be definitive .

il devrait y avoir un réexamen systématique des sites déjà visités .
there should be a systematic review of sites that were visited .
there should be a systematic review of sites that are already targeted .
there should be a systematic review of the sites already vised .

deux tentations contraires à nos principes doivent être dénoncées .
two opposite temptations must be resisted .
two temptations against our principles must be condemned .
two attempt to counter our principles must be condemned .

blair est favorable à l&apos; europe , mais pas à celle-ci .
blair is in favour of europe ; but not this europe .
blair is in favour of europe , but not of europe .
blair is in favour of europe , but not for it .

sous les régimes communistes , l&apos; idéologie n&apos; était qu&apos; un simple instrument au service du pouvoir .
under the communist regimes , ideologies became totally instrumental .
under communist regimes , ideology was only a simple instrument for power .
under the communist regimes , ideology was only a simple instrument for power .

le fonctionnement des relations entre ces participants influencera profondément l&apos; avenir du développement en asie .
how relationships among these stakeholders function will powerfully influence asia &apos;s future development .
the functioning of relations between these participants will deeply influence the future of development in asia .
the functioning of relations between these participants will greatly influence the future of development in asia .

après cela , il a plus incarné une chimère historique qu&apos; une personne réelle .
after that , he existed more as an historical chimera than as a real person .
after that , he was more embodied by an historic chemicals than a real person .
after that , he was more imprisoned than a real person than a real person .

un peu partout , les jeunes chômeurs à la dérive sont une source d&apos; inquiétude .
alienated and unemployed youth are a concern everywhere .
a little bit everywhere , the young people who are unemployed are a cause for concern .
a little everywhere , young unemployed people are a cause of concern .

nombre de gouvernements asiatiques reconnaissent le besoin de redéfinir leur rôle plus clairement .
many asian governments recognize the need to define their roles more clearly .
many asian governments recognise the need to redefine their role more clearly .
many asian governments recognise the need to redefine their role more clearly .

cette période permettrait à la turquie comme à l&apos; union de se préparer .
this period of time would offer both turkey and the union an opportunity to come to terms .
this period would allow turkey as well as the union to prepare itself .
this period would enable turkey and the union to prepare itself .

mais lorsque l&apos; inflation a succombé , le chômage n&apos; a pas baissé , ou presque pas .
but after inflation succumbed , unemployment did not fall -- or not by much .
however , when inflation erupted , unemployment has not fallen , or almost not .
however , when inflation has beaten , unemployment has not fallen , or almost not .

restent quelques questions qui , si elles ne sont pas source de division fondamentale , sont inquiétantes .
but there are concerns that , if not fundamentally divisive , are worrying .
there are still a few questions which , if they are not a source of fundamental division , are worrying .
there are still a few questions which , if they are not a source of fundamental division , are worrying .

les terroristes ont montré un talent plus grand pour capitaliser sur les modèles d&apos; opérations distribuées .
terrorists have been better at capitalizing on models of distributed operation .
terrorists have shown greater talent to capitalise on trading models .
terrorists have shown a greater opportunity to capitalise on the models of operations distributed .

les dirigeants ont besoin de temps pour prendre et appliquer des décisions tant impopulaires que populaires .
leadership needs time to take and implement unpopular decisions as well as popular ones .
the leaders need time to take and apply unpopular and popular decisions .
the leaders need time to take and implement both unpopular and popular decisions .

tout échec cependant implique des perspectives si horribles que personne ne peut vraiment le lui souhaiter .
failure , however , offers such a horrific prospect that no one can possibly hope for it .
however , any failure means prospects that are so dreadful that no one can really wish him .
however , any failure means such appalling prospects that no one really can wish him .

beaucoup de points les séparent : l&apos; agrandissement de l&apos; ue , l&apos; agriculture et le marché national .
much sets us apart : eu enlargement , agriculture , and domestic market issues .
many separate points : the eu &apos;s aggregate , agriculture and the national market .
there are many separate points : the eu &apos;s ranking , agriculture and the national market .

dans les deux cas , il faut avoir une foi bien ancrée pour passer de l&apos; une à l&apos; autre .
in both cases , it takes a lot of blind faith to go from one to the other .
in both cases , we must have a well-established faith to move from one to the next .
in both cases , a good faith must be created to move from one to another .

à ces deux niveaux , les nouveaux états membres s&apos; attendaient à bénéficier substantiellement du système de l&apos; ue .
on both counts , the new member states expected to benefit substantially from the eu system .
at both levels , the new member states expected to benefit substantially from the eu system .
at these two levels , the new member states expected to benefit substantially from the eu system .

aucun dirigeant serbe n&apos; acceptera l&apos; indépendance du kosovo car le nationalisme demeure la force politique dominante dans le pays .
no serbian leader will agree to kosovo &apos;s independence , because nationalism remains the dominant political force in the country .
no serbian leader will accept kosovo &apos;s independence because nationalism remains the dominant political force in the country .
no serbian leader will accept the independence of kosovo because nationalism remains the dominant political force in the country .

pour être acceptée des deux parties , une telle solution ne peut répondre aux souhaits de chacune des parties .
to be acceptable to both sides , such a solution must deviate from the <<unk>> ite proposals of each .
to be accepted by both sides , such a solution cannot meet the wishes of each party .
in order to be accepted by both parties , such a solution cannot meet the wishes of each of the parties .

mais s&apos; ils se révèlent non fondés ou ne peuvent être vérifiés , la guerre risque de déboucher sur davantage d&apos; instabilité .
if their arguments remain unproved or are disproved , then the war will incite instability .
however , if they prove unfounded or cannot be verified , the war is likely to lead to more instability .
however , if they are not based or cannot be checked , the war is likely to lead to more instability .

les valeurs et les intérêts des nouveaux membres de l&apos; union européenne coïncident le plus souvent avec ceux des 15 premiers membres .
the values and interests of the eu &apos;s newest member states coincide in most ways with those of the 15 earlier members .
the values and interests of the new members of the european union often coincide with those of the first 15 members .
the values and interests of the new members of the european union are all the more often in line with those of the first 15 members .

de telles différences de croissance suggèrent que les inégalités mondiales dans l&apos; ensemble n&apos; ont peut-être pas augmenté de manière non équivoque .
such growth differences suggest that overall global inequality may not have increased unequivocally .
such differences of growth suggest that global inequalities as a whole may not have increased unambiguously .
such differences of growth suggest that global inequalities as a whole may not increase in a clear way .

ces ajustements se feront probablement dans les décennies suivantes , mais seulement après un long décalage et avec plusieurs injustices .
such adjustments will probably happen anyway in the coming decades , but only after a long lag and with many inequities in the process .
these adjustments will probably take place in the following decades , but only after a long gap and with a number of injustices .
these adjustments will probably take place in the following decades , but only after a long decency and a number of injustice .

mais qui peut savoir ce que les électeurs penseront dans trois ans , lorsque le mandat du gouvernement prendra fin ?
but who knows what the electorate will think in three years , at the end of the government &apos;s full term in office ?
but who can know what voters are going to think in three years &apos; time when the government &apos;s mandate comes to an end ?
but who can know what the voters will think in three years &apos; time when the government &apos;s mandate will end ?

il promet de dissocier la gestion des finances de celle de la production , impliquant des innovations et une croissance économique plus rapides .
it promises to decouple the management of finance from that of production , implying faster innovation and economic growth .
it promises to separate the management of finance from production , involving innovations and faster economic growth .
it is planning to separate the management of the finances of production , involving innovations and faster economic growth .

et quel sera l&apos; avenir de la bce , qui vient d&apos; ajuster ses taux directeurs de 0,25 % après 30 mois d&apos; attente .
and what next for the ecb , which has just nudged up interest rates by 0.25 % , after 30 months on hold .
and what will the future of the ecb , which has just adjusted its guiding rate of 0.25 % after 30 months of waiting .
and what will the future of the ecb , which has just changed its directors of 0.25 % after 30 months of waiting .

le partenariat facilite la découverte de solutions à des problèmes qui s&apos; opposent à des réponses purement nationales et implique le partage des charges .
partnership facilitates solutions to problems that defy purely national responses and means that burdens are shared .
the partnership facilitates the discovery of solutions to problems that are opposed to purely national responses and involves sharing the burden .
the partnership makes it easier to find solutions to problems that are opposed to purely national answers and means sharing the burden .

jusqu&apos; à une période récente , personne ne savait qui avait raison car personne ne conservait de trace des résultats de ces experts .
until recently , no one knew who is right , because no one was keeping score .
until a recent period , no one knew who was right , because no one had retained the results of these experts .
until a recent period , no one knew who was right because no one was sure of the results of these experts .

en effet , l&apos; inde progresse lentement vers une réforme réellement courageuse : la convertibilité internationale complète de la roupie .
indeed , india is edging toward a truly bold reform : full international convertibility of the rupee .
indeed , india is moving slowly towards a truly courageous reform : the complete international convergence of the roupie .
in fact , india is moving slowly towards a truly courageous reform : full international converting of the wheel .

par exemple , le directeur du budget et du management , mitch daniels , estimait quant à lui ce chiffre à 60 milliards de dollars .
for example , office of management and budget director mitch daniels put the number at $ 60 billion .
for example , the director of the budget and management , mitch daniel , thought that this figure was usd 60 billion .
for example , the director of the budget and management , mr mitch , thought it to be usd 60 billion .

les américains , quant à eux , doivent réfléchir à l&apos; endroit où se situe le juste équilibre entre esthétique , communauté et petits prix .
americans , in turn , must think about where the proper balance lies between aesthetics , community , and low prices .
the americans , as far as they are concerned , must consider where the right balance is between the community and small prices .
the americans , as far as they are concerned , must reflect on the place where the right balance is between esthetical , community and small prices .

cependant , les nouveaux états membres d&apos; europe centrale et de l&apos; est sont profondément intégrés dans le développement économique , social et culturel de notre continent .
but the new member states in central and eastern europe are deeply embedded in the economic , social , and cultural development of our continent .
however , the new member states of central and eastern europe are deeply integrated into the economic , social and cultural development of our continent .
however , the new member states of central and eastern europe are deeply integrated into the economic , social and cultural development of our continent .

le débat politique s&apos; est ensuite tourné vers la convertibilité du compte de capital , vivement encouragée par le fmi et la banque mondiale .
the policy debate then turned to capital-account convertibility , with the imf and the world bank strongly in favor .
the political debate then turned to the conversion of capital , strongly encouraged by the imf and the world bank .
the political debate then turned out towards converting capital , which is strongly encouraged by the imf and the world bank .

aujourd&apos; hui , ces sociétés doivent aussi bien gérer des centres urbains étendus que des talents et des demandes multiples de la part des populations urbaines .
now these societies must cope not only with vast urban centers , but also with the very different talents and demands of urbanized people .
today , these societies must also manage large urban centres and multiple requests from urban populations .
today , these societies must also manage extensive urban centres and skills and multiple requests from urban populations .

l&apos; intervention de l&apos; otan au kosovo est un précédent dont le secrétaire d&apos; état américain colin powell s&apos; est servi pour justifier la guerre avec l&apos; irak .
nato &apos;s intervention in kosovo is a precedent that us secretary of state colin powell used to justify the war with iraq .
nato intervention in kosovo is a precedent whose us secretary of state colin powell has been used to justify the war with iraq .
nato &apos;s intervention in kosovo is a precedent whose secretary of state colin powell has been used to justify war with iraq .

les variations extrêmes des pluies , les inondations et les sécheresses peuvent avoir des effets sociaux et économiques et résulter en perte de vies humaines à grande échelle .
extreme rainfall variations , floods , and droughts can have huge social and economic effects and result in the large-scale loss of life .
extreme rainfall , floods and droughts can have social and economic effects and result in the loss of human lives on a large scale .
the extreme differences in rain , floods and droughts can have social and economic effects and result in the loss of human lives on a large scale .

le premier existe depuis des siècles : les divisions sociales dont les origines remontent à la conquête européenne des américains natifs au seizième siècle .
the first has been around for centuries : the social divisions that trace their origins back to the european conquest over native americans in the sixteenth century .
the first has been in existence for centuries : social divisions , the origins of which go back to the european integration of the americans in the sixteenth century .
the first one has been there for centuries : the social divisions whose origins go back to the european unification of the americans in the 19th century .

dans le monde d&apos; aujourd&apos; hui , il y a suffisamment à faire pour deux pour instaurer la stabilité et la sécurité , et pour promouvoir des valeurs communes .
in today &apos;s world , there is clearly work for two to bring about stability and security , and in promoting common values .
in today &apos;s world , there is enough to do in order to establish stability and security , and to promote common values .
in today &apos;s world there is enough to do enough to create stability and security , and to promote common values .

les etats-unis , également victimes d&apos; une attaque horrible , se sentent attirés vers le monde , sans aller jusqu&apos; à promouvoir un modèle similaire de coopération .
the us , also victim of a horrendous attack , feels drawn to the world but not to promote a similar model of cooperation .
the united states , also the victims of a dreadful attack , feels attractive to the world , without going so far as to promote a similar model of cooperation .
the united states , also victims of a terrible attack , feel attractive to the world , without going so far as to promote a similar model of cooperation .

il est désormais tout à fait clair que les gouvernements nationaux , et tout particulièrement ceux des grands pays , n&apos; accepteront jamais des limites conséquentes sur leur discrétion fiscale .
it is now abundantly clear that national governments ( especially those of large countries ) will never accept substantial limitations on their fiscal discretion .
it is now quite clear that national governments , and especially those in the large countries , will never accept substantial limits on their tax discretion .
it is now quite clear that national governments , and especially those of the large countries , will never accept substantial limits on their tax discretion .

je parie que certaines des villes si fortement séduisantes continueront à assister au ralentissement de la croissance des prix de l&apos; immobilier , puis éventuellement à leur déclin .
i am betting that some high-flying glamour cities will continue to see decelerating growth in home prices - and eventually decreases .
i assume that some of the cities that are so highly attractive will continue to witness the slowdown in the growth of property prices , and possibly their decline .
i am sorry that some of the cities that are so highly attractive will continue to see the slowdown of the growth in property prices , and then perhaps their decline .

aux yeux de beaucoup , cela voudrait dire que l&apos; amérique choisit d&apos; abandonner la structure de contrôle des armes nucléaires construite pendant la dernière partie de la guerre froide .
in the eyes of many , that would amount to america opting out of the structure of nuclear arms control built in the latter part of the cold war .
in the eyes of many people , it would like to say that america chooses to abandon the nuclear weapons control structure built during the last part of the cold war .
in the eyes of many people , it would like to say that america chooses to abandon the structure of nuclear weapons control built during the last part of the cold war .

en amérique latine , la révolution technologique mondiale est bien moins débattue et les politiques nationales visant à promouvoir la science et la technologie se hissent rarement au premier plan .
in latin america , the global technological revolution is much less discussed , and national policies to promote science and technology are rarely given prominence .
in latin america , the global technological revolution is much less debated and national policies aimed at promoting science and technology are rarely at the forefront .
in latin america , the world technological revolution is much less discussed and national policies to promote science and technology rarely are at the forefront .

ensuite , la confiance du public dans les villes internationales glamour s&apos; accroît grâce à la croissance explosive des communications globales à travers internet et le téléphone portable .
second , the public &apos;s faith in glamorous international cities has increased with the explosive growth in global communications due to the internet and the cell phone .
secondly , public confidence in international glamour cities increases through the explosive growth of global communications across the internet and mobile phones .
secondly , public confidence in international glamour cities increases through the explosive growth of global communications across the internet and portable telephone .

en fait , les différences de génération furent le facteur décisif de la course à l&apos; élection présidentielle , remplaçant les sentiments régionaux qui dominèrent chaque course à la présidence ayant précédé celle-ci .
indeed , generational differences were the deciding factor in the race , replacing the regional sentiments that dominated every presidential race before this one .
in fact , the differences in generation were the decisive factor in the race to the presidential election , replacing regional feelings that dominate each race to the presidency that preceded it .
in fact , the generation differences were the decisive factor in the race to the presidential election , replacing regional feelings that dominate each race to the presidency before it .

les réformes structurelles de l&apos; europe , par exemple , sont considérées comme impossible à mettre en place sauf si elles étaient imposées par une réincarnation de margaret thatcher .
for example , structural reforms in europe are thought impossible to enact unless imposed by some reincarnation of margaret thatcher .
the structural reforms of europe , for example , are regarded as impossible to put in place unless they were imposed by a reembodiment of daaret thatcher .
the structural reforms of europe , for example , are considered impossible to put in place unless they were imposed by a reembodiment of the nation of aret thatcher .

l&apos; incapacité chronique du conseil de sécurité à appliquer ses propres résolutions , en ce qui concerne l&apos; irak , est manifeste : elle n&apos; est tout simplement pas capable de remplir sa mission .
the chronic failure of the security council to enforce its own resolutions ( with respect to iraq ) is unmistakable : it is simply not up to the task .
the chronic inability of the security council to apply its own resolutions , as far as iraq is concerned , is clear : it is simply not capable of fulfilling its mission .
the chronic inability of the security council to implement its own resolutions , as far as iraq is concerned , is obvious : it is simply unable to fulfil its mission .

la réserve fédérale des états-unis fait face à un dilemme , car elle doit continuer à relever ses taux par rapport à une économie dévastée par l&apos; ouragan katrina .
the us federal reserve faces a dilemma , for it needs to continue raising interest rates in the face of a hurricane-devastated economy .
the federal reserve of the united states is facing a dilemma , because it must continue to rise to its rates in relation to an economy devastated by hurricane katrina .
the federal reserve of the united states is facing a dilemma , because it must continue to meet its rates in relation to an economy that is devastated by the hurricane jan rina .

l&apos; empire soviétique fut cloué au sol et l&apos; europe de l&apos; est libérée , non pas par l&apos; onu mais par la mère de toutes les coalitions , l&apos; otan .
the soviet empire was wrestled to the ground , and eastern europe liberated , not by the un but by the mother of all coalitions , nato .
the soviet empire was on the ground and the eastern europe was released , not by the un but by the mother of all the routes , nato .
the soviet empire has been built on the ground and the europe of the east was released , not by the un but by the mother of all the appearances , nato .

l&apos; inde doit retenir la leçon suivante : en cas de choc national ou extérieur , la convertibilité complète pourrait se révéler une expérience onéreuse et éphémère .
the lesson for india is that , in the event of a domestic or external shock , full convertibility could prove to be a costly , short-lived experiment .
india must learn the following lesson : in the event of a national or external shock , full convergence could prove to be an expensive and divisive experience .
india must learn the following lesson : in the event of a national or external shock , full convertibility could prove to be a costly and expensive experience .

à chaque fois que des propositions d&apos; amendement de la constitution pour l&apos; équilibre du budget ont fait surface , les propositions ont toujours offerts des dérogations non seulement en cas de guerre mais aussi en cas de récession .
whenever proposals have surfaced for some sort of balanced-budget amendment to the us constitution , proponents have typically included exemptions not just for war , but also for recessions .
whenever amendments to the constitution have been tabled for the balance of the budget , the proposals have always offered derogations not only in the event of war but also in the event of recession .
whenever amendments to the constitution for the balance of the budget have been tabled , the proposals have always offered derogations not only in the event of war but also in the event of recession .

ensuite , même s&apos; ils veulent y aller , il leur est parfois impossible d&apos; obtenir des places , qui ne sont souvent plus disponibles parce que les abonnements restent entre les mêmes mains année après année .
second , even if they do want to go , they may not be able to get seats , which often are not available because subscriptions stay in the same hands year after year .
secondly , even if they want to go there , it is sometimes impossible for them to obtain places , which are often no longer available because the culls remain in the same hands after year .
secondly , even if they want to go there , sometimes they are not able to obtain places , which are often no longer available because abduction remains in the same hands after year .

en outre , la turquie est depuis plusieurs décennies un membre responsable de nombreuses institutions européennes , et il n&apos; y a aucune raison de penser qu&apos; elle se comporterait différemment au sein de l&apos; union .
moreover , for decades turkey has been a responsible member of many european institutions , and there is no reason to believe that it would act differently in the eu .
in addition , turkey has for several decades been a member responsible for many european institutions , and there is no reason to think that it would behave differently within the union .
in addition , turkey has for several decades been a member responsible for many european institutions , and there is no reason to think that it would be differently within the union .

pour l&apos; instant , les pays riches modifient le climat mondial en émettant des millions de tonnes de dioxyde de carbone chaque année par l&apos; utilisation du charbon , du pétrole et du gaz naturel .
right now , rich countries are changing the world &apos;s climate by emitting billions of tons of carbon dioxide each year from the use of coal , oil , and natural gas .
at the moment , rich countries are changing the global climate by emitting millions of tonnes of carbon dioxide each year through the use of coal , oil and natural gas .
at the moment , rich countries change the world climate by making millions of tonnes of carbon dioxide every year through the use of coal , oil and natural gas .

selon franz müntefering , chef du parti social-démocrate à la tête de l&apos; allemagne , c&apos; est simplement parce que le pays est déjà là où les autres veulent aller .
one theory , endorsed by the head of germany &apos;s ruling social democratic party , franz müntefering , is that germany is already where the others still want to be .
the leader of the social democratic party in germany is simply because the country is already where others want to go .
according to franz ntefering , leader of the social democrat party at the head of germany , it is simply because the country is already where others want to go .

c&apos; est la raison pour laquelle les etats-unis doivent encourager le développement d&apos; une politique de sécurité et de défense européenne commune , qui représente tout simplement le partage des charges que l&apos; amérique a imposé à l&apos; europe pendant des décennies .
this is why the us should encourage the development of a common european security and defense policy , which is merely the burden sharing that america has been pressing on europe for decades .
that is why the united states must encourage the development of a common european security and defence policy , which simply represents the sharing of the burdens that america has imposed on europe for decades .
that is why the united states must encourage the development of a common european security and defence policy , which simply represents the sharing of the burdens imposed by america for decades .

grâce à un programme brutal destiné à absorber ses rivaux politiques sur sa droite , le fidesz ( parti civique hongrois ) est parvenu à avoir presque autant d&apos; adhérents que le parti socialiste sur sa gauche .
a ruthless program to absorb his political rivals on the right has helped orban &apos;s fidesz party become nearly equal in size to his socialist rivals on the left .
thanks to a brutal programme to absorb its political competitors on its right , the fidesz party ( hungarian civil party ) has managed to have almost as many accession as the socialist party on its left .
thanks to a brutal programme designed to absorb its political competitors on its right , fidesz ( hungarian civil party ) has managed to have almost as many members as the socialist party on its left .

en effet , dans de nombreuses régions du monde , ce genre de réformes économiques a en fait sapé les taux de croissance ainsi que le rôle initiateur des gouvernements , tout en augmentant par ailleurs les inégalités générales .
indeed , in much of the world , such economic reforms have actually undermined growth rates as well as the progressive role of government , while otherwise increasing overall inequalities .
indeed , in many parts of the world , this kind of economic reform has in fact undermined growth rates and the initiator role of governments , while also increasing general inequalities .
indeed , in many parts of the world , this kind of economic reform has in fact undermined growth rates and the original role of governments , while also increasing general inequalities .

suite à la crise de 1997 , les gouvernements se sont retirés un peu plus des marchés , reconnaissant ainsi les limites de leur capacité à agir et combien il est important de laisser l&apos; entreprenariat privé se développer .
following the 1997 crisis , the state withdrew further from markets , acknowledging the limits to what it can achieve and the importance of allowing private enterprise to flourish .
as a result of the 1997 crisis , governments have withdrawn a little more from the markets , recognising the limits of their ability to act and how important it is to let private entrepreneurship develop .
as a result of the 1997 crisis , governments have withdrawn a little more from the markets , thus recognising the limits of their ability to act and how important it is to allow private entrepreneurship to develop .

bush et blair ont parlé à plusieurs reprises de stocks d&apos; armes de destruction massive et d&apos; unités mobiles capables de les produire et de les utiliser , ainsi que de programmes en cours destinés à fabriquer des armes nucléaires .
bush and blair talked repeatedly about stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction , massive underground and mobile units to produce or launch such weapons , and active programs to obtain nuclear weapons .
bush and blair have spoken on several occasions about weapons of mass destruction and mobile units capable of producing them and using them , as well as programmes under way to manufacture nuclear weapons .
bush and blair have spoken on several occasions about the stocks of weapons of mass destruction and mobile units capable of producing them and using them , as well as programmes that are currently intended to produce nuclear weapons .

ce qui pourtant semble se dessiner clairement reste que la bce a utilisé la conférence de presse d&apos; octobre pour avertir les responsables politiques , les syndicats et les marchés que sa longue période d&apos; inactivité en matière de politique monétaire touche à sa fin .
but what seems clear is that the ecb used the october press conference to warn politicians , trade unions , and the markets that its long period of monetary-policy inactivity is coming to an end .
what seems to be clear , however , is that the ecb used the october press conference to warn politicians , trade unions and markets that its long period of inactivity in monetary policy affects its end .
however , what seems to be clear is that the ecb used the press conference in october to warn politicians , trade unions and markets that its long period of inactivity in monetary policy affects its end .

l&apos; otan , par exemple , évolue depuis une alliance de guerre froide axée uniquement sur l&apos; europe vers une organisation adaptée à relever les défis de sécurité actuels quel que soit l&apos; endroit où ils surgissent , comme en afghanistan et peut-être en iraq .
nato , for example , is evolving from a cold war alliance focused solely on europe to one suited to meeting today &apos;s security challenges wherever they may arise , such as in afghanistan and possibly iraq .
nato , for example , has been developing since a cold war alliance focused solely on europe towards an organisation adapted to meet the current security challenges wherever they come from , such as afghanistan and perhaps iraq .
nato , for example , has changed since a cold war alliance focused solely on europe towards an organisation adapted to the current security challenges wherever they arise , such as afghanistan and perhaps in iraq .

par contraste , même le vendeur vedette de l&apos; amérique latine , le chili , demeure en grande partie une économie d&apos; exportation basée sur les ressources , massivement concentrée sur les exportations de cuivre et de produits agricoles .
by contrast , even latin america &apos;s star performer , chile , remains largely a resource-based export economy , with a heavy concentration in copper and agricultural exports .
in contrast , even the seller of latin america , chile , is still largely an export economy based on resources , which is heavily concentrated on exports of copper and agricultural products .
in contrast , even latin america &apos;s debt seller , chile , is still largely a export economy based on resources , which is largely concentrated on the export of copper and agricultural products .

durant le récent sommet de l&apos; organisation mondiale du commerce ( omc ) qui se tint à cancun , les pays en voie de développement ont indiqué à l&apos; amérique , et à l&apos; europe , que ce système ne pouvait plus durer .
at the recent world trade organization ( wto ) meeting in cancun , the developing countries put america--and europe--on notice that this system can no longer continue .
during the recent world trade organisation ( wto ) summit in cancún , the developing countries indicated to america , and to europe , that this system could no longer continue .
during the recent summit of the world trade organisation ( wto ) summit in cancún , the developing countries indicated to america , and to europe , that this system could no longer continue .

par la simple force de leur conviction et de leur personnalité , de telles figures , croyons-nous , peuvent faire avancer les choses , tout en apportant une lueur d&apos; espoir dans un univers autrement détaché et impersonnel .
by sheer force of conviction and personality , such figures , many of us believe , can carry the day , bringing a glimmer of hope to an otherwise detached and impersonal universe .
by the simple force of their conviction and their personality , such figures , let us believe , can move things forward , while at the same time giving a glimmer of hope in a unimaginable and impersonal way .
let us believe that we can move things forward , while giving hope to a single uniqueness of their conviction and personality , and we believe that they can move forward , while giving hope to a single unifying and unpersonal approach .

le problème de l&apos; identité est encore aggravé par la résurgence du nationalisme . la plupart des pays d&apos; europe centrale dans lesquels la construction de l&apos; identité nationale a été retardée par le communisme succombent à des sentiments nationalistes qui peuvent être manipulés par les politiciens .
the problem of identity is made even worse by the fact that most central european nations , where nation-building was retarded by communism , easily succumb to nationalist sentiments that in turn are misused by some politicians .
the problem of identity is further aggravated by the resurgence of nationalism , and most of the countries of central europe in which the construction of national identity has been delayed by communism are fighting nationalistic feelings that can be manipulated by politicians .
the problem of identity is further aggravated by the resurgence of nationalism , and most of the countries of central europe in which the construction of national identity has been delayed by communism are resistant to nationalist feelings that can be manipulated by politicians .

suite à un surplus de compte de capital et à un écart de taux d&apos; intérêt de 3-4 % , les réserves de devises ont atteint 70,3 milliards de dollars fin 2002 , suffisamment pour couvrir environ 15 mois d&apos; importations , contre seulement 4 milliards de dollars en 1990 .
as a result of a current-account surplus and an interest-rate differential of 3-4 % , foreign reserves reached $ 70.3 billion by the end of 2002--enough to cover almost 15 months of imports--up from only us $ 4 billion in 1990 .
as a result of a surplus of capital and a rate of interest from 3-4 % , the currency reserves reached 70.3 billion by the end of 2002 , enough to cover around 15 months of imports , compared with only usd 4 billion in 1990 .
as a result of an surplus of capital and a gap in interest rates of 3-4 % , the currency reserves reached eur 70.3 billion at the end of 2002 , sufficient to cover around 15 months of imports , against only usd 4 billion in 1990 .

tout est vu sous l&apos; angle de la politique et des élections , et rien n&apos; est considéré comme un problème technique demandant une expertise technologique , ce qui est la raison pour laquelle la pauvreté africaine est si souvent attribuée à la corruption plutôt qu&apos; à des défis écologiques .
everything is viewed as politics and votes , not as technical problems requiring technological expertise , which is why africa &apos;s poverty is so often attributed to corruption rather than to ecological challenges .
everything is seen from the point of view of politics and elections , and nothing is considered to be a technical problem calling for technological expertise , which is why african poverty is so often attributable to corruption rather than to ecological challenges .
everything is seen from the perspective of politics and elections , and nothing is considered to be a technical problem requiring technological expertise , which is why african poverty is so often granted to corruption rather than environmental challenges .

ainsi , si ceux qui bâtirent le système monétaire international d&apos; après-guerre travaillèrent à mettre en place des garde-fous pour nous protéger des dangers des crises financières internationales créées par les paniques populaires , pourquoi ce type de crise renaît-il aujourd&apos; hui ?
but if those who built the post-world war ii international monetary system worked to guard against the dangers posed by panic-driven international financial crises , why are these financial devils back ?
in this way , if those who set up the post-war international monetary system work to put in place safeguards to protect us from the dangers of international financial crises created by popular basins , why is this type of crisis going on today ?
in this way , if those who use the post-war international monetary system are working to put in place safeguards to protect us from the dangers of the international financial crises created by the people &apos;s people , why is this type of crisis relaunching today ?

cela a permis à de nombreux observateurs de faire remarquer que le pays le plus riche au monde était en fait le plus miséreux en termes d&apos; aide internationale , d&apos; autant plus quand elle est comparée aux sommes engagées dans la défense et la guerre .
this led many observers to reflect on the fact that the world &apos;s richest country was in general the most miserly in foreign assistance -- all the more so in comparison to the amount it spends on war and defense .
this has enabled many observers to point out that the richest country in the world was , in fact , the most miserable in terms of international aid , especially when compared to the amounts committed in defence and war .
this has enabled many observers to point out that the most rich country in the world was , in fact , the most miserable in terms of international aid , especially when compared to the sums committed in defence and war .

bien que le président george w. bush se soit excusé à deux reprises pour le décès des deux petites filles , les exigences continuèrent à s&apos; accumuler pour modifier l&apos; accord sur le statut des forces armées ( status of force agreement , sofa ) qui gouverne le traitement légal réservé aux troupes américaines stationnées en corée du sud .
although president george w. bush apologized twice for the deaths of the girls , demands continue to escalate for changing the status of force agreement ( sofa ) that governs the legal treatment of american troops stationed in south korea .
although president george w. bush has apologise twice for the deaths of the two small girls , the demands are continuing to accumulate in order to amend the agreement on the status of the armed forces ( which are subject to the approval force , a report on the legal treatment reserved for american troops stationed in south korea .
although president george w. bush has been sorry twice for the death of the two small girls , the requirements continue to be accumulated in order to change the agreement on the status of armed forces ( force of force , tate ) , which will close the legal treatment of american troops stoned in south korea .

mais que l&apos; on associe le changement générationnel qui le porta au pouvoir avec une forte volonté populaire de poursuivre les engagements pris vis-à-vis de la corée du nord , par delà le fait que la corée du nord continue de se renforcer sur le plan nucléaire , et la recette est complète pour une mésentente avec les etats-unis .
but couple the generational changeover thaty put him in office with a strong popular desire for continued engagement with north korea--notwithstanding north korea &apos;s growing nuclear brinkmanship--and the recipe is complete for disputes with the us .
however , the generational change that has led it to power with a strong popular will to continue the commitments made to north korea , apart from the fact that north korea continues to strengthen itself in terms of nuclear power , and the reclassification is complete in order to feel dissatisfied with the united states .
but with the widespread change that has led it to power with a strong popular will to continue the commitments made towards north korea , apart from the fact that north korea continues to strengthen itself in nuclear power , and the recalling is complete for a distrust with the united states .

les pays d&apos; europe du nord craignaient que les déficits du sud puissent créer finalement une pression sur la monétarisation partielle de leur dette à travers l&apos; inflation de l&apos; euro , ou plus précisément , leurs dirigeants craignaient que les investisseurs effrayés pour les mêmes raisons exigent des taux d&apos; intérêt plus élevés .
the northern european countries feared that deficit spending by the south might ultimately create pressure for partial monetization of their debt through inflation of the euro--or , more precisely , their leaders feared that investors , fearing the same thing , would demand higher interest rates .
the countries of northern europe were afraid that the deficits in the south could finally create pressure on the partial monetarism of their debt through the inflation of the euro , or more precisely , their leaders feared that the frightened investors for the same reasons require higher interest rates .
after all , the countries of northern europe were afraid that the south deficits could finally create pressure on the partial monetencing of their debt through the inflation of the euro , or more precisely their leaders were afraid that investors who were frightened for the same reasons require higher interest rates .

dans le meilleur des cas , schrã <unk> der restera fidã <unk> le ã la philosophie &quot; agenda 2010 &quot; et mã <unk> ntefering expliquera patiemment ã un spd peu disposã <unk> qu&apos; ils devront traverser le dã <unk> sert avant d&apos; arriver ã la terre promise .
in the best case scenario , schröder will therefore stick to the &quot; agenda 2010 &quot; philosophy , and müntefering will patiently explain to a reluctant spd that you have to cross the desert in order to make it to the promised land .
in the best case , schrder will remain faithful to the fact that the &apos; agenda 2010 &apos; and mnteing &apos; philosophy will have to be properly explained in the case of the best case , which will have to be set up as a consequence of the so-called &apos; agenda 2010 &apos; and mnteing &apos; philosophy , will , in fact , require a little bit to be set in motion , that they will have to change the ddage that is needed before they reach the promised land .
in the best case case , schrder will remain faithful to the philosophy of the &apos; 2010 agenda 2010 &apos; and mmnteferrer will explain to you that they will have to pass on to the best of the case , and they will have to act as a result of which they will have to go ahead with the promised earth .

les deux chefs de file pressentis pour le remplacer , dominique de villepin et nicolas sarkozy , tous deux au gouvernement , s&apos; affrontent sur fond d&apos; ordres du jour de réforme , mais les années qui précédent une élection n&apos; encouragent pas à des changements radicaux .
the two frontrunners to succeed him , dominique de villepin and nicolas sarkozy , both in government , compete on a reformist agenda , but pre-election years do not encourage bold moves .
in order to replace it , dominate villepin and nicolas sarkozy , both of the government are fighting on the basis of reform agendas , but the previous years of election do not encourage radical changes .
the two pressing heads of the commission feel to replace it , the dominate of villepin and nicolas sarkozy , both in the government , are dealing with the core of the reform agenda , but the previous years which did not encourage radical changes to radical changes .

cette méthode a par la suite été remplacée par un système de double cours du change , qui rendait la roupie partiellement convertible ( 60 % des revenus dérivés des exportations pouvaient être convertis au cours de change du marché et le reste selon un taux fixe de la rbi , utilisé par le gouvernement pour financer des importations de première nécessité comme le pétrole , l&apos; huile de cuisine , les engrais et les médicaments salvateurs ) .
this was subsequently replaced with a two-tier exchange-rate system making the rupee partially convertible--60 % of export earnings could be converted at the market exchange rate , and the rest at the rbi &apos;s fixed rate ( used by the government to finance essential imports like petroleum , cooking oil , fertilizers , and life-saving drugs ) .
this method has subsequently been replaced by a double exchange rate system , which has made it partly converge ( 60 % of the income of exports from exports could be converted during market exchange and the rest of the fixed rate of the uk , used by the government to finance imports of the first necessity , such as oil , fertilizers , fertilisers and medicines ) .
after all , this method has been replaced by a dual exchange rate system , which made it partially converting ( 60 % of the income of exports could be converted during the exchange of the market , and the rest according to a fixed rate of the uk , used by the government to finance imports of first necessity , such as oil , cooke oil , fertilisers and medicines ) .

bagdad a sans cesse accusé le régime de m. assad de laisser circuler les fonds irakiens acheminés vers les insurgés et a récemment informé les syriens de la découverte d&apos; une photographie montrant un haut responsable de l&apos; espionnage syrien en compagnie d&apos; un combattant islamiste , photo trouvée sur le corps de ce dernier à fallujah .
baghdad has repeatedly accused the assad regime of allowing iraqi funds to be channeled to insurgents , and recently notified the syrians that the photograph of a senior syrian intelligence official taken with an islamist combatant was found on the latter &apos;s body in falluja .
the regime in baghdad has repeatedly accused mr assad of allowing the iraqi funds to travel to the insurgents and recently informed the syrian people of the discovery of a photograph of icelandic espionship , who were responsible for the icelandic regime , in an islamist fighter , in an islamist struggle , on the body of the last gjah .
the regime of mr assad to leave the iraqi funds recently informed of the disorders of the discolumbic of the recent discovery of the discovenant of the people of iraq and the syrian discolumn of the discolumn of the discolumping of the discolumn of the discolumbic of the discolumbic of a high responsibility for the assignment of the assignment of the syrian people responsible for the assignment of the assignment of the syrian man who is no one who is responsible for an tired by an islamist , in an islamist struggle , and the media , on the last body of the neat which he was found in lujah .

