la syrie paiera peut-être très cher cette ambiguïté .
syria may pay a heavy price for that ambiguity .
syria will perhaps pay a very high price for this ambiguity .
syria will perhaps pay this ambiguity very well .

la situation est loin d&apos; être désespérée .
the situation is far from hopeless .
the situation is far from desperate .
the situation is far from desperate .

prendre la pharmacovigilance au sérieux
taking drug safety seriously
taking pharmacovigilance seriously .
to take pharmacovigilance seriously

pour éviter une génération perdue
the new baby boomers
in order to avoid a lost generation .
in order to avoid a generation that is lost .

des mondes séparés
worlds apart
money-separated monks
between the separate months of the months

les parlements parlent avant de former des conclusions , d&apos; où leur nom .
parliaments talk before reaching conclusions ; hence their name .
parliaments talk before they draw conclusions , hence their name .
the parliaments speak before the form of conclusions , hence their name .

en effet , le dédain de washington pour la syrie est manifeste .
indeed , there is palpable disdain for syria in washington .
indeed , the abhorrence of washington for syria is obvious .
indeed , the suddenly disappearing of washington for syria is evident .

jamais auparavant une telle opposition ne s&apos; était manifestée envers une guerre
never before was there so much opposition to a war
never before have such an opposition been shown against a war .
never before had such a opposition shown itself to a war .

il n&apos; y a que peu de raisons de rester optimiste .
there is little reason for optimism .
there is little reason to remain optimistic .
there are only few reasons to remain optimistic .

les changements survenus dans les économies locales sont également radicaux .
local economic change has been equally dramatic .
the changes in local economies are also radical .
the changes in local economies are also radical .

d&apos; importants déficits budgétaires soutiennent la croissance , et l&apos; inflation n&apos; est visiblement pas un problème .
large budget deficits support growth , but inflation evidently is not a problem .
large budget deficits support growth , and inflation is obviously not a problem .
significant budget deficits support growth , and inflation is clearly not a problem .

nous restons donc uniquement avec les coalitions formées par les pays de bonne volonté .
so we are left with coalitions of the willing .
we therefore remain solely with the formalities formed by the countries of good will .
therefore , we remain solely with the procurement of the countries of good will .

chaque pays doit-il donc adopter une procédure de rappel pour préserver la légitimité des gouvernements ?
so should every country adopt a recall procedure to maintain the legitimacy of governments ?
should each country , therefore , adopt a point of order to preserve the legitimacy of governments ?
should each country , therefore , adopt a point of order to preserve the legitimacy of governments ?

les réformes politiques et économiques n&apos; avancent qu&apos; à petits pas , quand elles avancent .
political and economic reform , when it advances , does so at a glacial pace .
political and economic reforms only move small , when they move forward .
political and economic reforms are only moving towards small steps , when they move .

le kosovo indépendant doit pouvoir vivre en sécurité et ses minorités doivent être protégées .
an independent kosovo must be secured and its minorities protected .
independent kosovo must be able to live in security and its minorities must be protected .
independent kosovo must be able to live in security and its minorities must be protected .

toutes les menaces contre les intérêts nationaux de l&apos; amérique ne peuvent pas se résoudre par la force militaire .
not every threat to america &apos;s national interests can be addressed with military power .
all threats against the national interests of america cannot be resolved by military force .
all threats to the national interests of america cannot be solved by military force .

s&apos; ils réussissent , les bénéfices qu&apos; en tireront les populations pauvres du monde entier seront immenses .
if they succeed , the rewards for the world &apos;s poor will be immense .
if they succeed , the benefits that the poor people in the world will gain from it will be enormous .
if they succeed , the benefits of the poor people throughout the world will be huge .

la réaction en chaîne découlant du réveil des nationalismes modifie dangereusement le paysage politique .
the chain reaction of reawakening nationalisms is altering the political landscape in dangerous ways .
the chain reaction resulting from the resurrection of nationalisation has changed the political landscape .
the reaction in the chain resulting from the repayment of nationalities changes the political landscape .

le cinquième choc , c&apos; est l&apos; unification de l&apos; allemagne , un échec en termes d&apos; économie .
the fifth shock was german unification , which is a failure in economic terms .
the fifth shock is the unification of germany , a failure in terms of the economy .
the fifth shock is the unification of germany , a failure in terms of the economy .

une telle explication , basée sur une argumentation rigoureuse , est tout aussi nécessaire aujourd&apos; hui .
such an explanation , backed by rigorous evidence , is no less necessary today .
such an explanation , based on rigorous arguments , is just as necessary today .
such an explanation , based on a rigorous argument , is just as necessary today .

mais cette incapacité à aborder les problèmes structurels risque d&apos; exposer l&apos; économie à des chocs externes sur le long terme .
but failure to address structural problems could expose the economy to external shocks in the long term .
however , this inability to tackle structural problems is in danger of setting up the economy for external shocks in the long term .
however , this inability to address structural problems is in danger of presenting the economy to external shocks over the long term .

le miracle de la productivité américaine et l&apos; émergence du commerce de style wal-mart sont pratiquement synonymes .
the us productivity miracle and the emergence of wal-mart-style retailing are virtually synonymous .
the miracle of american productivity and the emergence of the trade in style wal-mart are virtually used .
the miracle of american productivity and the emergence of the trade in style wal-mart mart are almost worthy of it .

bien que légèrement moins atteints que les etats-unis , les autres pays riches sombrent dans le déficit budgétaire .
although marginally less bloated than the us deficit , other rich countries are drowning in red ink .
although slightly less achieved than the united states , the other rich countries are falling into the budget deficit .
although slightly less achieved than the united states , the other rich countries are in the budget deficit .

dans la plupart des pays asiatiques , les règles officielles doivent être simplifiées et appliquées de manière plus équitable .
in most asian countries , formal rules need to be simplified and applied more fairly .
in most asian countries , official rules must be simplified and applied more fairly .
in most asian countries , official rules must be simplified and applied in a fairer manner .

mon bureau s&apos; occupe autant que possible de la tchétchénie , bien que ce ne soit pas facile depuis moscou .
my office pays maximum attention to chechnya , although this is not easy to do from moscow .
my office is concerned as much as possible with chechnya , although it has not been easy since moscow .
my office is at the same time as possible in chechnya , although it has not been easy since moscow .

les échanges commerciaux représentent un jeu à somme positive où tous les pays bénéficient de l&apos; exploitation de leurs aires d&apos; avantage comparé .
trade is potentially a positive-sum game , with all countries benefiting by exploiting their areas of comparative advantage .
trade is a positive sum game in which all countries benefit from the exploitation of their advantage compared .
trade is a positive game in which all countries benefit from the exploitation of their advantages compared with them .

le secteur privé et la société civile sont , bien sûr , de plus en plus souvent d&apos; importants partenaires pour les gouvernements .
the private sector and civil society are , of course , increasingly important partners for governments .
the private sector and civil society are , of course , increasingly important partners for governments .
the private sector and civil society are , of course , increasingly important partners for governments .

le dirigeant palestinien , abu mazen , le reconnaît , mais la question est de savoir s&apos; il en est capable .
the palestinian leader , abu mazen , recognizes this , but the question is whether he can deliver .
the palestinian leader , abu mazen , recognises this , but the question is whether it is capable of doing so .
the palestinian leader , abu mazen , recognises this , but the question is whether it is capable of it .

l&apos; une de nos tâches les plus urgentes à l&apos; heure actuelle consiste à éviter l&apos; implosion des etats faibles .
one of our most pressing tasks today is to prevent the implosion of weak states .
one of our most urgent tasks at the moment is to avoid the implosion of weak states .
one of our most urgent tasks at the moment is to avoid the impenetration of the weak states .

bush et blair devront démontrer que les armes de destruction massive qu&apos; ils auront trouvées constituaient une menace grave et immédiate .
bush and blair must show that any weapons of mass destruction that are recovered posed a grave and urgent threat .
bush and blair will have to demonstrate that the weapons of mass destruction they have found are a serious and immediate threat .
bush and blair will have to demonstrate that weapons of mass destruction that they have found were a serious and immediate threat .

et ils continuent à pousser , vainement , pour le renvoi d&apos; ahtisaari afin de prolonger les discussions de vienne .
and they continue to push &amp; # 45 ; &amp; # 45 ; unsuccessfully &amp; # 45 ; &amp; # 45 ; for ahtisaari &apos;s removal in order to prolong the vienna talks .
in order to extend the discussions in vienna , and they continue to push , for the referral of ahtisaari .
and they continue to push for the referral back of ahtisaari in order to extend the discussions in vienna .

tous les yeux sont braqués sur la syrie depuis l&apos; assassinat de l&apos; ancien premier ministre libanais , rafik hariri .
all eyes turned to syria following the assassination of former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri .
all eyes have been breached on syria since the assassination of the former lebanese prime minister , rafik hariri .
all the eyes are being braked on syria since the murder of the former lebanese prime minister , rafik hariri .

il se hâte de tenir un référendum national ce mois-ci sur une nouvelle constitution sans débat parlementaire sérieux ou l&apos; habituelle formation du public .
he is rushing to hold a national referendum this month on a new constitution without serious parliamentary debate or the usual public education .
it is looking forward to holding a national referendum this month on a new constitution without serious parliamentary debate or the usual training of the public .
it is looking forward to holding a national referendum this month on a new constitution without serious parliamentary debate or the usual training of the public .

aujourd&apos; hui il invoque cette charte pour repousser les appels à un plébiscite sur la continuation de son mandat .
now he invokes that charter to block calls for a plebiscite on his continuation in office .
today he invokes the call for a plethora on the continuation of his term of office .
today he is invoking that this charter should be called on to call for a plyquote on the continuation of its mandate .

la communauté internationale doit encore réfléchir au traitement à réserver à ce membre aberrant qui refuse de prendre ses responsabilités de citoyen mondial .
the international community has yet to figure out what to do with an aberrant member who fails to live up to its responsibilities as a global citizen .
the international community still needs to reflect on the treatment to be given to this absurd member who refuses to take responsibility for the world &apos;s citizens .
the international community still needs to reflect on the treatment of this absurd member who refuses to take its responsibilities as a global citizen .

les gouvernements doivent offrir davantage de possibilité de réussite aux jeunes en améliorant l&apos; accès et la qualité aux soins et à l&apos; éducation .
governments must broaden opportunities for young people by improving access to , and the quality of , health and educational services .
governments must offer greater opportunities for success for young people by improving access and quality to care and education .
governments must offer more success for young people by improving access and quality for care and education .

pourtant , après cinq années d&apos; efforts militaires , les stratégies basées sur le ciblage d&apos; un adversaire unique n&apos; ont fait qu&apos; aggraver la situation .
yet after five years of military exertions , strategies based on targeting a united aggressor have only made the situation worse .
however , after five years of military efforts , strategies based on the focus of a single opponents have only made the situation worse .
however , after five years of military efforts , strategies based on the target of a single opponents have only made the situation worse .

l&apos; avenir va-t-il être aussi prometteur pour le milliard et quelques de jeunes gens âgés de 12 à 24 ans des pays en voie de développement ?
will the future be as promising for the developing world &apos;s billion-plus young people between the ages of 12 and 24 ?
will the future be as promising for the billion and a few young people aged between 12 and 24 years of developing countries ?
will the future be as promising for the billion and a few young people of 12 to 24 years of developing countries ?

le traitement des effets du changement climatique et le traitement des réductions des émissions ne devraient pas s&apos; exclure l&apos; un l&apos; autre , mais être complémentaires .
dealing with the impacts of climate change and with emission reductions should not be mutually exclusive , but complementary .
the treatment of the effects of climate change and the treatment of emissions reductions should not be excluded from one another , but should be complementary .
the treatment of the effects of climate change and the treatment of emissions reductions should not be excluded from one another , but be complementary .

de nombreux observateurs soulignent néanmoins que les personnes faisant l&apos; objet d&apos; une enquête pénale devraient être libérées sous caution et non pas emprisonnées .
many observers nonetheless insist that those under criminal investigation should be released on bail instead of being kept in prison .
however , many observers point out that people who are subject to criminal investigation should be released under prison and not imprisoned .
however , many observers stress that people who are subject to criminal investigation should be released under and not imprisoned .

comme le dit le proverbe , pour les gens qui n&apos; ont qu&apos; un marteau , tous les problèmes sont en forme de clou .
if all you have to work with is a hammer , as the saying goes , every problem looks like a nail .
as the saying goes , for people who have only a hammer , all the problems are in the form of an end .
as the saying , for people who only have a marfil , all the problems are in the form of a shady .

dans certains pays , la mise en place de nouvelles infrastructures pour l&apos; eau signifie généralement la création de canaux , de stations de pompage et de digues .
in some countries , new water infrastructure may mean canals , pumping stations , and levees .
in some countries , the creation of new water infrastructure generally means the creation of channels , puzzling stations and digats .
in some countries , the establishment of new infrastructure for water generally means the creation of channels , bullets and dics .

cette conformité d&apos; intérêt et d&apos; accord sur les règles de l&apos; ordre international offre une base prometteuse pour la gestion des défis communs auxquels nous sommes tous confrontés .
this congruence of interest and agreement on the rules of international order offers a promising foundation for managing the common challenges that confront us all .
this compliance of interest and agreement on international rules offers a promising basis for managing the common challenges that we all face .
this conformity of interest and agreement on the rules of the international order offers a promising basis for managing the common challenges we all face .

les petits fournisseurs vous procurent en fait 80 % de la valeur et de l&apos; innovation , mais ne reçoivent que 20 % de la récompense .
the small suppliers actually provide you with 80 % of the value and innovation but only receive 20 % of the reward .
small suppliers promise you in fact 80 % of the value and innovation , but receive only 20 % of the rewards .
the small suppliers actually promise 80 % of the value and innovation , but only 20 % of the repayment .

les gouvernements doivent aussi offrir une &amp; quot ; deuxième chance &amp; quot ; aux jeunes qui ont échoué en raison des circonstances ou de mauvais choix .
governments must also begin to offer &quot; second chances &quot; for young people who have fallen behind due to difficult circumstances or poor choices .
governments must also offer a second and second chance ; young people who have failed because of circumstances or bad choices .
the governments must also offer a different opportunity ; secondly , the young people who have failed because of the circumstances or bad choices .

d&apos; autres encore estiment que la reprise doit se faire « dans l&apos; esprit du pacte » , même s&apos; il reste essentiel de rétablir la croissance économique .
still others say that while it is clearly essential to restore economic growth , the recovery must occur ``within the spirit of the pact . &apos; &apos;
others still believe that recovery must be &apos; in the spirit of the pact &apos; , even though it is essential to restore economic growth .
others still believe that the recovery must be &apos; in the spirit of the pact &apos; , even though it remains essential to restore economic growth .

tony blair , le premier ministre britannique , a galvanisé les hommes politiques européens en déclarant devant le parlement à bruxelles qu&apos; il était « passionnément pro-européen » .
tony blair , british prime minister , electrified the world of european politics by telling the european parliament that he was a &quot; passionate pro-european &quot; .
tony blair , the british prime minister , has galvanised european politicians by saying to parliament in brussels that he was &apos; pro-european &apos; .
tony blair , the british prime minister , has galvented european politicians by saying to parliament in brussels that he was &apos; pro-european &apos; .

c&apos; est la raison pour laquelle les sociétés postcommunistes ne font preuve d&apos; aucune noblesse ni d&apos; aucun désintéressement qui trancheraient profondément avec l&apos; occident .
this is why postcommunist societies do not demonstrate any nobility or disinterestedness that seriously contrasts with the west .
that is why the post-communist societies do not show any black blindness or any disinterest that deeply sought with the west .
that is why the post-communist societies do not show any noisy or any discarding that would be deeply affected by the west .

les facteurs psychologiques sont plus importants pour les prévisions à long terme , au-delà d&apos; un an , quand le mouvement à la hausse ne joue plus un rôle si important .
the psychological factors are more important for longer-term forecasts , beyond a year , where momentum no longer plays an important role .
psychological factors are more important for long-term forecasts , beyond one year , when the rising movement no longer plays such an important role .
psychological factors are more important for long-term forecasts , beyond one year , when the rising movement is no longer playing an important role .

en collaboration avec ses partenaires , la banque mondiale soutient des stratégies financières qui visent à aider les pays en voie de développement à régler les coûts dus au changement climatique .
working with partners , the world bank is supporting financial strategies to assist developing countries in meeting the costs caused by climate change .
in cooperation with its partners , the world bank supports financial strategies aimed at helping developing countries to solve the costs of climate change .
in cooperation with its partners , the world bank supports financial strategies aimed at helping developing countries to tackle the costs arising from climate change .

ainsi la polarisation en place au venezuela n&apos; oppose pas « les pauvres » à « l&apos; oligarchie » mais un populiste à la société civile .
so venezuela &apos;s polarization does not pit &quot; the poor &quot; against &quot; the oligarchy , &quot; but a populist against civil society .
in this way , polarisation in venezuela does not oppose ‘ the poor ’ to ‘ oligarchy ’ , but a populist list to civil society .
in this way , the concentration in place in venezuela does not oppose the &apos; poor &apos; to &apos; olive garchy &apos; , but a populist list to civil society .

pourra-t-il se maintenir sur la corde raide du maintien de la sécurité dans la péninsule tout en restant engagé vis-à-vis de l&apos; amérique et en gardant le soutien de son électorat ?
can he walk the tightrope of maintaining security on the peninsula , keeping america engaged , and retaining the support of the voters who elected him ?
will he be able to keep up with the co-existence of security in the peninsula while remaining committed to america and bearing in mind the support of his electorate ?
can it be maintained on the correlation of the maintenance of security in the peninsula , while remaining committed to america and supporting its electorate ?

ces problèmes peuvent-ils être résolus aujourd&apos; hui , alors que le ralentissement économique dans la plupart des pays avancés amène la plupart des politiciens à se concentrer sur les résultats sur le court terme ?
can these issues be addressed now , when the economic slowdown in most advanced countries makes most politicians focus on short-term fixes ?
can these problems be resolved today , when the economic slowdown in most advanced countries leads most politicians to concentrate on the results in the short term ?
can these problems be solved today , while the economic slowdown in most of the advanced countries brings the majority of politicians to focus on the short-term results ?

nous sommes tous des alliés des etats-unis ; notre stratégie de croissance et notre contribution à la stabilité mondiale dépendent de la nature irremplaçable de nos relations avec l&apos; amérique .
we are all allies of the us ; our draft constitution restates the importance of the nato link ; our strategy for growth and our contribution to global stability depend on the irreplaceable nature of our relationship with america .
we are all allies in the united states ; our growth strategy and our contribution to global stability depend on the irreplaceable nature of our relations with america .
we are all the allies of the united states ; our growth strategy and our contribution to global stability depend on the irreparable nature of our relations with america .

étant donné que ni les syndicats , ni le système social allemand ne pouvaient accepter des réductions de salaires , la conséquence a été une augmentation du chômage et le ralentissement de la croissance .
as neither germany &apos;s unions nor its welfare state would accept falling wages , the result was higher unemployment and slower growth .
given that neither the trade unions nor the german social system could accept cuts in wages , the consequence has been an increase in unemployment and the slowdown in growth .
given that neither the trade unions nor the german social system could not accept cuts in wages , the result was an increase in unemployment and the slowdown of growth .

ce développement prometteur est compromis par un nationalisme électoral enfiévré qui cherche à gagner des votes en promettant de rouvrir les anciennes blessures et de régler les vieux comptes .
that promising development is being endangered by a fevered electoral nationalism which seeks to gain votes by promising to reopen old wounds and settle old scores .
this promising development is a compromise by a medieval electoral nationalism that seeks to win votes by promising to reopen old injuries and settle old accounts .
this promising development is compromise by an evacuated electoral nationalism which seeks to win votes by extending the old wounds and resolving old accounts .

le différend n&apos; est pas résolu , mais suite à mon intervention les autorités moscovites sont obligées de tenir compte de l&apos; attitude négative du public face à leurs tentatives de censurer ce journal .
that fight is not over , but after my intervention , moscow &apos;s authorities must take into account the public &apos;s negative attitude to their effort to quash this publication .
the dispute is not resolved , but as a result of my intervention the moscovites authorities are obliged to take account of the negative attitude of the public to their attempts to censor this newspaper .
the dispute is not resolved , but as a result of my speech the mexican authorities are obliged to take account of the negative attitude of the public in the face of their attempts to censor this newspaper .

au même moment , la chine semble si accrochée aux affaires de nos jours qu&apos; il est difficile d&apos; imaginer les foules marcher pour une cause qui n&apos; ajouterait rien à leur ligne de total .
at the same time , china seems so drugged on business nowadays that it is hard to imagine many people marching for a cause that would do nothing for their bottom line .
at the same time , china seems so much to be increasing in the business of our days that it is difficult to imagine how to run them for a cause that would not add anything to their total line .
at the same time , china seems so much more to the business of our days that it is difficult to imagine them to work for a cause which would not add anything to their total line .

de même , mon bureau a défendu l&apos; hebdomadaire libéral novoe vremya , soumis à des pressions par la municipalité de moscou au prétexte d&apos; un litige commercial concernant un bail .
similarly , my office defended the liberal weekly newspaper novoe vremya ( new times ) , which was being pressured by moscow &apos;s city government on the pretext of a commercial dispute about a lease .
at the same time , my office defended the liberal weekly novovreya , subject to pressure by the moscow municipalities on the pretext of a commercial dispute over a bail .
similarly , my office defended the liberal , novoe vreya , subject to pressure from moscow &apos;s local authorities on the pretext of a trade dispute over a bail .

ou le grand nombre de britanniques indiens et pakistanais de deuxième génération que l&apos; on voit maintenant en costume cravate avec ordinateur portable à la main , toujours entre deux avions .
consider the many second generation indian and pakistani britons who are now seen in business suits carrying laptop computers and flying around the world .
or the large number of british indians and pakistan in the second generation that are now being seen in costurovate with computer table to hand , always between two aircraft .
or the large number of british indians and pakistan of the second generation that we are now seeing in costuff with portable computer , always between two aircraft .

la concurrence des bas salaires a conduit à des délocalisations substantielles et à des activités off-shore qui ont permis aux entreprises allemandes de rester compétitives en réduisant leur demande de main d&apos; œuvre nationale .
low-wage competition has led to substantial outsourcing and off-shoring activities that have kept german firms competitive by reducing their demand for domestic labor .
competition from low wages has led to substantial relocations and to off-shore activities which have enabled german companies to remain competitive by reducing their demand for national labour .
low-wage competition has led to substantial relocations and to tyre activities that have enabled german companies to remain competitive by reducing their demand for national labour .

il est difficile d&apos; imaginer , par exemple , comment « renvoyer la pauvreté dans les oubliettes de l&apos; histoire » ( make poverty history ) sans générer également suffisamment de travail , d&apos; opportunités éducatives et de santé pour tous .
it is hard to imagine , for example , how to &quot; make poverty history &quot; without also generating enough decent work , educational opportunities , and healthcare for all .
it is difficult to imagine , for example , how to &apos; send poverty back to the underground of history &apos; without creating enough work , educational and health opportunities for all .
it is difficult to imagine , for example , how &apos; sending poverty into history &apos; ( no exception ) , without creating sufficient work , educational opportunities and health opportunities for all .

en allemagne , le chancelier , angela merkel , semble plus positif sur la question de l&apos; europe et plus portée sur les réformes que son prédécesseur , mais elle a les mains liées par la grande coalition qui la soutient .
in germany , chancellor angela merkel is obviously more positive on europe and more pro-reform than her predecessor , but she is tied up in a grand coalition .
in germany , chancellor merkel , seems more positive about the issue of europe and more about the reforms than his predecessor , but it has the hands of the great coalition that supports it .
in germany , chancellor merkel , seems to be more positive on the issue of europe and more scope of the reforms that his predecessor has , but she has the hands of the great coalition that supports it .

depuis 1991 , l&apos; inde oscille entre la dévaluation de la roupie et la convertibilité complète , la banque de réserve de l&apos; inde ( bri ) assouplissant plusieurs contrôles des changes .
since 1991 india has been travelling on a path from rupee devaluation to full convertibility , with the reserve bank of india ( rbi ) relaxing a range of foreign-exchange controls .
since 1991 , india has been between the devaluation of the wheel and the complete convertibility , the india reserve bank ( bri ) relaxing several exchange controls .
since 1991 , india has been depleting between the devaluation of the wheat and complete converting , the bank of india ( bri ) with a number of exchange controls .

le cours naturel de l&apos; histoire dans son sens le plus optimiste reste le progrès intervenant « à la périphérie » , mais le rythme rapide des changements technologiques nous pousse à attendre un progrès identique dans les affaires humaines .
the natural course of history in the most optimistic sense is progress &quot; at the margin , &quot; but the rapid pace of technological change is pushing us to expect equally rapid progress in human affairs .
the natural course of history in its most optimistic sense remains the progress that has been made &apos; on the periphery &apos; , but the rapid pace of technological change leads us to expect the same progress in human affairs .
the natural course of history in its most optimistic sense remains the progress made in the outermost regions , but the rapid pace of technological change leads us to wait for the same progress in human affairs .

si les infrastructures sont mal gérées , cela n&apos; aidera pas à améliorer la santé des populations ou à soutenir la croissance économique : l&apos; aménagement de l&apos; eau et la gestion de l&apos; eau doivent fonctionner de paire .
badly managed infrastructure will do little to improve peoples &apos; health or support economic growth , so water development and water management must go hand in hand .
if infrastructure is badly managed , it will not help to improve people &apos;s health or to support economic growth : water planning and water management must function in a way that works .
if infrastructure is poorly managed , it will not help to improve the health of the people or to support economic growth : water management and water management must work .

les secteurs dédiés aux « bonnes oeuvres » ( à savoir , les bureaucraties pour le maintien de la paix à faible risque ou celles qui luttent contre le sida et la malaria ou pour défendre les droits de l&apos; enfant ) perdureront .
those parts devoted to &quot; good works &quot; ( i.e. , the low-risk peacekeeping bureaucracies or those that fight aids and malaria or protect children ) will remain .
the so-called &apos; good works &apos; sectors ( that is , bureaucracies for the maintenance of low risk peace or those fighting aids and malaria or for defending the rights of the child ) will lose .
the so-called &apos; good works &apos; sectors ( namely , bureaucrats for the maintenance of low-risk peace or those who fight against aids and malaria or defend the rights of the child ) will lose .

si le taux de chômage n&apos; a quand même pas atteint les niveaux de la grande dépression , il est resté assez haut pour faire du chômage à long terme , ou de la crainte du chômage à long terme , une expérience choquante .
if unemployment was not stuck quite at great depression levels , it remained high enough to make long-term joblessness or the fear of long-term joblessness a defining experience .
if the unemployment rate has not even reached high levels of depression , it has remained quite high in order to make long-term unemployment , or the fear of long-term unemployment , a shocking experience .
if the unemployment rate has not even reached the levels of great depressure , it has been high enough to achieve long-term unemployment , or the fear of long-term unemployment , a shocking experience .

trois d&apos; entre eux --l&apos; estonie , la lettonie et la lituanie-- possèdent un système de caisse d&apos; émission ou un taux de change fixe avec l&apos; euro , tout comme la bulgarie , qui doit rejoindre l&apos; union en 2007 .
three of them--estonia , latvia , and lithuania--have currency boards or a fixed exchange rate with the euro , as does bulgaria , which is expected to enter the eu in 2007 .
three of them - estonia , latvia and lithuania - have a system of emission rates or a fixed exchange rate with the euro , as well as bulgaria , which must join the union in 2007 .
three of them - estonia , latvia and lithuanian - have a system of emissions or a fixed exchange rate with the euro , just like bulgaria , which must join the union in 2007 .

on oublie souvent que le secrétaire américain à la défense donald rumsfeld a abandonné une confortable retraite pour réorganiser l&apos; armée américaine en une force plus petite et plus agile , en utilisant certaines de ces mêmes idées .
it is often forgotten that us defense secretary donald rumsfeld emerged from a comfortable retirement to reorganize the american military into a smaller , more agile force , using some of these same insights .
it is often forgotten that the us secretary for defence donald sfeld has abandoned a comfortable pension in order to reorganise the american army into a smaller and deeper force , using some of the same ideas .
it is often forgotten that the us secretary for defence of donald sfeld has abandoned a comfortable pension table to reorganise the us army in a smaller and worse force , using some of these same ideas .

l&apos; économiste thomas holmes , suivant un scénario qui ressemble de façon troublante à la diffusion d&apos; une épidémie mondiale , a préparé une simulation cartographique dynamique montrant l&apos; expansion des magasins wal-mart aux états-unis .
in a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist thomas holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of wal-mart stores throughout the united states .
in the wake of a scenario that is disturbing to the spread of a global epidemic , the economist thomas holmes , has prepared a dynamic siberia showing the expansion of the wal-mart shops in the united states .
the economist , thomas holmes , following a scenario that resembles the spread of a global epidemic , has prepared a dynamic cartoons showing the expansion of wwal-mart shops in the united states .

la démocratie consiste à gouverner en organisant des débats , en prenant des décisions importantes après des délibérations approfondies qui , tout au moins dans les grands pays , doivent être menées au sein d&apos; un parlement par des représentants élus .
democracy is government by debate , by taking important decisions after thorough deliberation of the kind that--at least in large countries--must be conducted in a parliament through elected representatives .
democracy is to govern by organising debates , taking important decisions after in-depth deliberations which , at least in the large countries , must be carried out in a parliament by elected representatives .
democracy is to govern by holding debates , taking important decisions after in-depth deliberations which , at least in the large countries , must be conducted within a parliament by elected representatives .

un jour , quelqu&apos; un a dit avec justesse qu&apos; il est facile de bombarder , mais bien plus difficile de reconstruire ; il est relativement aisé de défaire un régime militairement , mais il est bien plus difficile de bâtir une société civile solide et durable à sa place .
someone once rightly said that it is easy to bomb , but much harder to build ; it is relatively easy to defeat a regime militarily , but it is far more difficult to create a solid , sustainable , civil society in its place .
one day , someone rightly said that it is easy to bomber , but much more difficult to rebuild ; it is quite easy to depart from a militant regime , but it is much more difficult to build a strong , sustainable civil society instead .
one day , someone has rightly said that he is easy to bombing , but much more difficult to rebuild ; it is relatively easy to disrupt a military regime , but it is much more difficult to build a solid and sustainable civil society in his place .

dans le célèbre roman de charles dickens , « a christmas carol » ( « un chant de noël » ) , ebeneezer scrooge , un homme d&apos; affaires sans âme , est harcelé par l&apos; esprit de noël passé .
in charles dicken &apos;s great novel &quot; a christmas carol , &quot; the soulless businessman ebeneezer scrooge is tormented by a visit from the spirit of christmas past .
in the famous friend of charles dickens , &apos; the dprk &apos; ( &apos; a christmas tanker &apos; ) , eamzer scrooge , a man of business without soul , is harmed by the spirit of christmas in the past .
in the famous luxembourg dickens , &apos; a cake &apos; ( &apos; a christmas &apos; ) , eezer scrooge , a man of business without soul , has been harmed by the spirit of christmas past .

la commission européenne doit donc cesser de livrer une bataille d&apos; arrière-garde qui ne fait qu&apos; affaiblir sa crédibilité , tout particulièrement aux yeux des petits pays , qui sont les seuls sur lesquels il est possible de faire pression pour qu&apos; ils acceptent des règles fiscales non désirées .
so the european commission should stop fighting a rearguard battle that merely weakens its credibility , especially in the eyes of small countries , which are the only ones that can be bullied into accepting unwanted fiscal rules .
the european commission must therefore stop fighting to undermine its credibility , especially in the eyes of small countries , which are the only ones on which pressure can be put to accept undesirable tax rules .
therefore , the european commission must stop putting a battle of vehemence , which only weaken its credibility , particularly in the eyes of small countries , which are the only ones on which it is possible to put pressure on them to accept undesired fiscal rules .

parce que la politique fiscale constitue l&apos; outil majeur utilisé par les politiciens pour attirer et conserver le soutien d&apos; une coalition gagnante d&apos; électeurs , composée de retraités , de fonctionnaires et de propriétaires des classes moyennes , tout en imposant les coûts sur la coalition perdante .
the answer is that fiscal policy is the key tool politicians use to attract and maintain the support of a winning coalition of voters , say retirees , public employees , and middle-class homeowners , while imposing the costs on the losers .
because tax policy is the major tool used by politicians to attract and maintain support for a winner coalition of voters , made up of pensioners , officials and owners of medium-sized classes , while at the same time imposing the costs on the lost coalition .
because fiscal policy is the major tool used by politicians to attract and maintain the support of a winner of voters , made up of pensioners , officials and owners of medium-sized classes , while imposing costs on the losing coalition .

ce fut donc normal que là où la chimie avait échoué , la physique , et son premier laboratoire , montre la voie , une voie empruntée par watson et crick dans la découverte capitale épique que nous célébrons ce mois-ci .
it was only natural that where chemistry fell short , physics--and its premier laboratory--showed the way forward , a way grasped by watson and crick in the epic breakthrough that we celebrate this month .
it was therefore normal that where the chemicals had failed , physically , and its first laboratory , shows the way , a path taken by watson and write in the capital discovery that we celebrate this month .
so that was the right thing where the chemical failed , physical and its first laboratory , shows the path , a path taken by watson and ck in the capital discovery that we would celebrate this month .

le retrait unilatéral d&apos; israël est l&apos; aboutissement d&apos; un profond changement politique provoqué par deux convictions quelque peu contradictoires qui ont caractérisé les politiques du premier ministre ariel sharon depuis 2003 : tout d&apos; abord , que la &quot; feuille de route &quot; initialement lancée par les états-unis ne va nulle part , et ensuite , que le status quo est intenable .
israel &apos;s unilateral withdrawal is the outcome of a deep political shift that has been caused by two somewhat contradictory convictions that have characterized prime minister ariel sharon &apos;s policies since 2003 : first , that the us-initiated &quot; road map &quot; is going nowhere and , second , that the status quo is untenable .
israel &apos;s unilateral withdrawal is the result of a profound political change caused by two somewhat contradictory convictions that have characterised prime minister ariel sharon &apos;s policies since 2003 : firstly , that the &apos; road map &apos; originally launched by the united states will not go anywhere , and secondly , that the status quo is untenable .
the unilateral withdrawal of israel is the result of a profound political change caused by two somewhat contradictory convictions that have characterised prime minister ariel sharon &apos;s policies since 2003 : first of all , that the &apos; road map &apos; originally launched by the united states will no doubt , and secondly , that the status quo is untenable .

dans leur rapport 2003 , les administrateurs du us social security administration trust funds estiment que le maintien de la solvabilité du système de sécurité sociale pendant les 75 prochaines années coûtera 3,5 trillions de dollars , soit environ le montant de la dette totale actuelle du gouvernement américain ( 3,9 trillions de dollars ) .
in their 2003 report , the trustees of the us social security administration trust funds estimate that maintaining the social security system &apos;s solvency for the next 75 years will require an amount whose present value is $ 3.5 trillion , nearly equal to today &apos;s total us government debt ( $ 3.9 trillion ) .
in their 2003 report , the directors of the social security administration are of the opinion that the maintenance of the solvency of the social security system for the next 75 years will cost usd 3.5 trillion , or the amount of the current total debt of the american government ( 3.9 trillion ) .
in their 2003 report , the directors of the social security agencies in the trust administration believe that maintaining the solvency of the social security system for the next 75 years will cost eur 3.5 trilm of dollars , or about the current total debt of the american government ( 3.9 trilm ) .

a l&apos; approche de l&apos; expansion de l&apos; union européenne , la mission de l&apos; europe ne doit pas être contaminée par les défenseurs de l&apos; idée que les politiciens de l&apos; ancienne « autre » europe centrale préfèrent se complaire dans le passé plutôt que de penser de manière responsable à construire une europe pacifique et prospère .
as eu expansion looms , europe &apos;s mission must not become undermined by the advocates of that old and &quot; other &quot; central europe , politicians who prefer to wallow in the past rather than think in responsible ways about building a peaceful and prosperous europe .
the european union &apos;s approach to the expansion of the european union must not be contaminated by the defenders of the idea that the politicians of the old &apos; central europe prefer to complete in the past rather than think responsibly about building a peaceful and prosperous europe .
the approach of the expansion of the european union must not be contaminated by the defenders of the idea that the politicians of the old &apos; other central europe would prefer to be complete in the past rather than thinking in a responsible way of building a peaceful and prosperous europe .

il a fallu du temps pour que les britanniques comprennent qu&apos; étant donné que le président jacques chirac était un président bancal et aux abois restant à l&apos; élysée jusqu&apos; en 2007 , mais sans détenir aucun pouvoir , il n&apos; avait pas les moyens d&apos; avaliser un tel marchandage .
it took some time before the british came to understand that since president jacques chirac is a beleaguered lame-duck president , who will remain in office but not in power until 2007 , he is in no position to agree to any such bargain .
it took time for the british to understand that , given that president jacques chirac was a banal president and the remaining man until 2007 , he did not have any power , he did not have the means to make such a haggling .
it took time for the british to understand that president jacques chirac was a banana president and to remain at the elyardstick until 2007 , but without any power , he did not have the means to approve such a trade .

dans l&apos; esprit de réconciliation d&apos; après-guerre que les diplomates veulent toujours absolument promouvoir , nous ne devons pas nous résigner à la timide notion désuète qui veut que l&apos; ordre mondial nous demande de reculer devant des états dévoyés qui terrorisent leurs citoyens et menacent les nôtres .
in the spirit of post-war reconciliation that diplomats are always keen to engender , we must not reconcile ourselves to the timid , blighted notion that world order requires us to recoil before rogue states that terrorize their citizens and menace our own .
in the spirit of post-war reconciliation , which diplomats always want to promote , we must not resign ourselves to the timid notion that wants the world order to put us back in front of the countries that are disguised and threaten our citizens .
after all , in the spirit of post-war reconciliation , which diplomats always want to promote , we must not resign ourselves to the timid concept of demerging which means that the world order is calling for us to go back to the states that are suffering their citizens and threaten our citizens .

si les ã <unk> lections nationales avaient ã <unk> tã <unk> organisã <unk> es dimanche dernier , 8 fã <unk> vrier , une coalition de centre droite composã <unk> e des dã <unk> mocrates chrã <unk> tiens et des libã <unk> raux aurait remportã <unk> 57 % des voix , selon infratest dimap , l&apos; un des principaux instituts de sondage d&apos; allemagne .
if national elections had , say , been held last sunday , february 8 , a centre-right coalition consisting of the christian democrats and the liberals would have won 57 % of the vote , according to &quot; infratest dimap , &quot; one of germany &apos;s main polling institutes .
. ( fr ) if the national readings were to be held in the same way as the districts , which had been held in the vicinity of the president , mr president of the european parliament , mr president of the commission , mr president of the commission , mr president of the commission , mr president of the commission , mr president of the commission , mr president of the commission .
if the enacted national readings were to have passed on last sunday , a coalition centre for the protection of dprk , a centre for the protection of motherhood , a centre for the protection of the modda dda crats , which has been enacted , and which would have resulted in the introduction of national readings , which had passed on 57 % , according to the infrastructure test , one of the main test institutes in germany .

bien que les dã <unk> mocrates sociaux n&apos; aient jamais rã <unk> ellement apprã <unk> ciã <unk> schrã <unk> der ( ils ne l&apos; apprã <unk> cient certainement pas autant que l&apos; inoubliable willy brandt ) , ils l&apos; ont suivi bon grã <unk> mal grã <unk> tant qu&apos; ils l&apos; ont considã <unk> rã <unk> comme le seul garant de la rã <unk> ussite ã <unk> lectorale aprã <unk> s 16 annã <unk> es frustrantes ( 1982-1998 ) dans l&apos; opposition face ã helmut kohl .
although the social democrats never really liked schröder ( they certainly do not love him in the way they did the unforgettable willy brandt ) , they willy-nilly followed him so long as they saw him as the only guarantor of electoral success after 16 frustrating years ( 1982-1998 ) in opposition to helmut kohl .
. ( fr ) despite the fact that , although the dban in momocrats was never dashmocrats , there has been an unbridled ban on the cause of dismay , as a result of which there has been no such thing as a dismay , there is no doubt that , despite the fact that the droumomomomomolucts were not present at dressed up , they have followed it badly , as long as they have seen it as the only guarantee guarantor of the suitability of the suitability of the suitability of the suitability of suitability , which is certainly not as long ago as the unsurgery of untised , mr fruition , and the opposition in the face of political opposition in 1998 / 1998 , in the face of the opposition of which has been held in the opposition to be held in the face of helmut kohl .
there has never been a great deal of information about the fact that , despite the fact that , although the enacted torn of the social cracy , has never been repeated in the past , and has never been learned from the past , that we have had to learn from the past , that there is no doubt that there is no doubt that the fact that the fact is that the fact that , in the past , they have followed it , as long as they have seen , when they have remarked it , as if they have seen it , the only last round of the intervention of the intervention of the miringench of the mies , will not only have to save the primacy of the intervention of the mic , which will not be used as the carelessly known as the carelessly as the cake of the cared by wil16 , in the protection of the council , 1998 , 1998 , in the protection of the protection of the protection of the protection

