nechoďte ve stopách fedu
don &apos;t follow the fed
do not shut down the footprint .
do not want a football footprint .

přinejmenším by srbsko vedlo intenzivní kampaň proti uznání .
at a minimum , serbia would campaign strongly against recognition .
at least serbia would lead to an intensive campaign against recognition .
at least serbia would lead to an intensive campaign against recognition .

boj za demokracii nemůže být selektivní .
the fight for democracy cannot be selective .
the fight for democracy cannot be selective .
the fight for democracy cannot be selective .

lidé to však většinou vidí jinak .
but most people don &apos;t see things this way .
however , the people are most aware of this .
however , the people of the majority see this differently .

léčba daněmi
saved by taxes
i am dealing with the treatment of taxes .
i have the treatment of the cure .

rozšíření znamená solidaritu
expansion is solidarity
enlargement means solidarity .
solidarity means solidarity between enlargement and enlargement means solidarity .

vláda stále zaostává ve svých reformách domácího hospodářství .
the government is still lagging on its domestic economic reforms .
the government is still lagging behind in its reforms to the domestic economy .
the government is still lagging behind in its reforms to the domestic economy .

lidé v dnešním bílém domě věří na reálpolitiku .
those in the white house today believe in realpolitik .
people in today &apos;s white house believe in real policy .
people in today &apos;s white house believe in a real policy .

očekávejme ještě silnější tepání ecb .
expect more ecb-bashing .
let us await the stronger heating of the ecb .
let us face up to the stronger testing of the ecb .

v bohatých zemích čelí podobné situaci jen málo lidí .
this is a situation that few people in rich countries face .
few people face similar situations in rich countries .
few people are facing a similar situation in rich countries .

v komunistických režimech byla ideologie nástrojem .
under the communist regimes , ideologies became totally instrumental .
the communist regime was an ideology instrument .
ideology was an ideology of ideology in communist regimes .

očekávejme tedy , že bude její naplnění zoufale prosazovat .
expect him to push on hopelessly .
let us say , then , that it will be desperately enforced .
let us therefore take care that it will be desperate to implement it .

v sydney dokonce ceny domů ve druhém čtvrtletí poklesly .
in sydney , home prices actually fell in the second quarter .
in syria , even the prices of houses in the second quarter fell .
even the prices of home in the second quarter have fallen down .

není tedy překvapivé , že návrh byl rychle uložen k ledu .
not surprisingly , the proposal was quickly shelved .
it is therefore not surprising that the proposal was quickly imposed on the iceberg .
it is therefore not surprising that the proposal was quickly imposed on the ice .

· potíže s bezpečností léku je třeba považovat za systémové selhání .
· the drug-safety problem must be seen as a systemic failure .
the problems with the safety of medicines must be considered as systemic failures .
the problems of the safety of the summer must be considered as a systemic failure .

dobře patrný příklad existuje již dnes ve filmovém průmyslu .
a conspicuous example already exists in the movie production industry .
there is already a good example of this in the film industry today .
there is already a good example in the film industry today .

schvalování a používání léčiv vyžaduje pečlivé zvážení žádoucích a nežádoucích důsledků .
drug approval and use requires a careful weighing of desirable and undesirable effects .
the approval and use of medicines requires careful consideration of demand and undesirable consequences .
the approval and use of medicines requires careful consideration of the desired and undesirable consequences .

výsledný tlak na evropské instituce provozující výkonné umění vyvolává obavy na několika různých úrovních .
the resulting pressure on europe &apos;s performing arts institutions is causing concern at various different levels .
the resulting pressure on the european institutions operating in performance is changing concerns at several different levels .
the results of pressure on the european institutions operating in the executive are causing concern at several different levels .

a ani nejsou výsledkem snažení zemí s vysokou inflací jako je například finsko nebo irsko .
nor are higher-inflation successes like finland or ireland to blame .
nor are they the result of efforts by countries with high inflation , such as finland or ireland , for example .
nor are it the result of the efforts of countries with high inflation , such as finland or ireland .

střední evropou , která se připravuje na členství v evropské unii , obchází přízrak .
a specter is haunting central europe as its countries prepare for eu membership .
the central europe , which is preparing for membership of the european union , is receiving a miracle .
the central europe that is preparing for membership of the european union is a miracle .

to platí zejména tam , kde lidská utrpení způsobuje místní konflikt , jak tomu bylo v kosovu .
this is especially true where human suffering is caused by communal conflict , as was the case in kosovo .
this is particularly true where human suffering causes local conflict , as has happened in kosovo .
this is particularly true where human suffering causes local conflict , as was the case in kosovo .

neexistuje žádná jistějsí cesta do ekonomické katastrofy než dát si historické klapky na oči .
there is no more certain route to economic disaster than to put on historical blinders .
there is no way to go into economic disasters than to give historical clubs to the oils .
there is no certain way to go to economic disasters than to give historical deposits to their eyes .

kdyby takové přesné zákony existovaly , chodorkovskij by možná nebyl v tak velkých obtížích .
khodorkovsky might not be in as much trouble if such precise laws existed .
if such accurate laws existed , khodorkovsky could not be in such great difficulty .
if such accurate laws existed , khodorkovsky would perhaps not be so difficult .

během poslední dekády indická valutová likvidita posílila skutenčně dramaticky .
indeed , india &apos;s external liquidity position has strengthened dramatically in the past decade .
during the last virus of indian valley , indigenous liquidity strengthened pretty dramatically .
during the last devaluation of indian valley , india &apos;s liquidity has increased dramatically .

například ředitel úřadu pro řízení a rozpočet mitch daniels uvedl číslo 60 miliard dolarů .
for example , office of management and budget director mitch daniels put the number at $ 60 billion .
for example , the director of the authority for management and budget mitdaniel danio has stated a figure of 60 billion dollars .
for example , the director of the management and budget of mittera danio has given a number of 60 billion dollars .

úmluva kjótského protokolu právě začala platit pro 126 států , které se k ní připojily .
the kyoto protocol treaty has now entered into force for the 126 nations who have joined it so far .
the kyoto protocol convention has just begun to apply to 126 states that have joined it .
the kyoto convention has just begun to apply to 126 states that joined it .

za normálních okolností využívají země předsednictví eu k tomu , aby prokázaly svou schopnost řešit problémy a posouvat unii vpřed .
normally , countries use their eu presidencies to display their ability to solve problems and move the union forward .
under normal circumstances , the eu presidency is using the eu presidency to demonstrate its ability to address the problems and to assess the union &apos;s progress .
under normal circumstances , the countries of the eu presidency are using the eu presidency to show their ability to address problems and assess the union .

úplná směnitelnost není ani klíčem k přilákání mohutnějšího přílivu přímých zahraničních investic .
nor is full convertibility the key to attracting higher inflows of foreign direct investment ( fdi ) .
there is no key to attracting external direct foreign investment .
full rigour is not the key to attracting a more significant influx of foreign direct investment .

dnes se jím stává postupimská dohoda z roku 1945 , která odsun německého obyvatelstva posvětila .
today , it appears that the potsdam declarations of 1945 , which sanctioned the mass eviction of german populations , are the new enemy .
today , it is becoming a progressive agreement from 1945 , condemning the german population .
today , it is becoming a gradual agreement from 1945 , which denounced the german population by the german population .

mohlo by tedy být k užitku nastínit zásady a úmysly , jimiž se řídí zahraniční politika usa .
so it may be helpful to outline the principles and ideas that guide us foreign policy .
it could therefore be used to outline the principles and intentions governing the us foreign policy .
therefore , it could be a good idea to outline the principles and intentions governing the us foreign policy .

to , že k tomu nedošlo , tedy alespoň ve velkém měřítku ne , neznamená , že se tak stát nemůže .
that this has not happened , at least on a large scale , is not to say that it cannot happen at all .
the fact that this has not happened , at least on a large scale , does not mean that this cannot happen .
the fact that this has not happened , at least on a large scale , does not mean that this cannot happen .

místo aby se regionální konflikt ochlazoval , mezietnická nenávist zůstává stejně rozžhavená jako kdykoliv předtím .
instead of cooling communal conflict , interethnic hatred remains as heated as ever .
instead of protecting regional conflict , inter-ethnic hatred remains as heated as ever .
instead of protecting the regional conflict , interethnic hatred , it remains just as distant as ever before .

ti , kdo si přáli omezit využívání institutu poroty , se údajně obávali ohrožení státní bezpečnosti v některých případech .
those who wanted to limit the use of juries supposedly feared a risk to state security in some instances .
those who wished to limit the use of the institute of slaughter are supposedly threatened by state security in some cases .
those who wished to limit the use of the roadmap were allegedly threatened by state security in some cases .

spojené státy a jejich evropští přátelé opakovaně dali najevo záměr učinit do konce roku obtížné rozhodnutí , zda oddělit kosovo od srbska .
the united states and its european friends have repeatedly stated their intent to make the difficult decision before the end of the year on whether to separate kosovo from serbia .
the united states and their european friends have repeatedly shown their intention to make a difficult decision by the end of the year whether to separate kosovo from serbia .
the united states and their european friends have repeatedly shown the intention to make a difficult decision by the end of the year whether to separate kosovo from serbia .

po krizi platební bilance v roce 1991 měnový kurz rupie devalvoval o asi 20 % .
following the 1991 balance of payments crisis , the rupee &apos;s exchange rate was devalued around 20 % .
following the crisis of the balance of payments in 1991 , the monetary exchange rate from rupie devalued by around 20 % .
following the crisis of the balance of payments in 1991 , the monetary kurdish exchange rate was around 20 % .

totéž platí i pro británii a austrálii , kde veřejná opozice proti válce neznamenala víc než nic .
the same holds true for britain and australia , where public opposition to war counted for naught .
the same applies to britain and australia , where the public opposition against the war did not mean more than nothing .
the same applies to britain and australia , where the public opposition against war did not mean more than nothing .

posouzení , zda ten či onen deficit bere ohled na budoucí generace , závisí na tom , jakým způsobem je vládou nastaven systém zdanění a výdajů .
whether or not deficits treat future generations properly depends on how a government &apos;s systems for taxation and expenditure are designed .
the assessment whether or not the deficit takes into account future generations depends on the way in which the government is set up a taxation and expenditure system .
the assessment of whether or the deficit takes account of future generations depends on the way in which the government is set up a system of taxation and expenditure .

pro indii je tedy nezbytné podpořit příliv dlouhodobého kapitálu , bez ohledu na to , zda je kapitálový účet uzavřený nebo otevřený .
so it is vital for india to increase the inward flow of long-term capital , regardless of whether the capital account is closed or open .
it is therefore necessary for india to support the influx of capital in the long term , regardless of whether the capital accounts are closed or open .
it is therefore necessary to support the flow of capital for india , regardless of whether capital accounts are closed or open .

reakce některých zemí v regionu byla skutečně impozantní a prokázala , jak daleko už dospěly s budováním schopných a účinných vlád .
the response of some countries within the region was truly impressive , showing how far they had come in establishing efficient and effective governments .
indeed , the response of some countries in the region has been impressive and has shown how far they have come up with the building of capable and effective governments .
the response of some countries in the region has indeed been impressive and has shown how far the building of capable and effective governments have already reached .

k čemu jsou nízké ceny dobré , když slouží převážně k dotování stále stejných držitelů předplatného a když nejsou volná místa ?
what good are cheap prices , which serve mainly to subsidize the same subscription holders , if there are no seats ?
what are low prices good when they serve predominantly to subsidise the same holders , and when they are not free ?
what are low prices of good quality when they are primarily serving the same holders of the present and when they are not free ?

demokracie sice některé společné hodnoty rozvíjí , avšak jde o hodnoty nesmírně liberální - jinými slovy , individuální práva trumfují kolektivní povinnosti .
democracy does nurture some common values , but they are overwhelmingly liberal values - in other words , individual rights trump collective obligations .
although democracy is developing some common values , it is an extremely liberal value - in other words , individual rights are embracing collective obligations .
although democracy is developing some common values , it is a value of extremely liberal - in other words , individual rights of trusting collective obligations .

všichni by měli chtít , aby dnešní nerozdělená evropa na těchto úspěších stavěla , nikoliv aby je ohrožovala vysoká nezaměstnanost přetrvávající po celé generace .
everyone should want today &apos;s undivided europe to build on these accomplishments , rather than for generations of high unemployment to jeopardize them .
everyone should want today &apos;s undivided europe to be built on these successes rather than jeopardising high unemployment throughout the generation .
everyone should ask that today &apos;s undivided europe is built on these successes , not to jeopardise high unemployment throughout the generation .

se snížením veřejných výdajů na výkonné umění samozřejmě nevznikne pouze větší závislost na soukromých penězích , ale vzrůst budou muset také ceny vstupného .
of course , with reduced public spending on the performing arts , not only will there be greater reliance on private money , but ticket prices will have to rise as well .
of course , the reduction in public expenditure on executive costs will not only create greater dependence on private money but will also have to increase the price of entry .
of course , by reducing public expenditure on executive expenditure , it will not only create more dependence on private money , but growth will also have to be taken into account .

odhaduje se , že jen v samotných spojených státech každý rok v důsledku vážných nežádoucích účinků léčiv zemře až 100 tisíc pacientů .
in the united states alone , it is estimated that every year up to 100,000 patients die due to serious adverse drug reactions ( adr &apos;s ) .
it is estimated that up to 100 000 patients die each year in the united states alone , as a result of the serious undesirable effects of medicines .
it is estimated that only in the united states alone every year , as a result of serious inefficiency of medicines , up to 100 000 patients .

po roce 1945 se západní evropa odhodlala k nepříjemné diskusi o dějinách , jež přispěla k francouzsko-německému usmíření .
after 1945 , western europe undertook painful debates about history , and these helped bring about franco-german reconciliation .
after 1945 , western europe has committed itself to an unpleasant debate on history that has contributed to the franco-german reconciliation .
after 1945 , western europe has committed itself to an unpleasant debate on history , which contributed to french german reconciliation .

právě proto postkomunistické společnosti neprojevují žádnou noblesu či nezištnost , která by silně kontrastovala se západem .
this is why postcommunist societies do not demonstrate any nobility or disinterestedness that seriously contrasts with the west .
it is precisely for this reason that the post-communist society is not showing any noise or invisibility that would have been severely trained by the west .
this is precisely why post-communist companies do not show any noble or insolvency , which would be severely trained by the west .

ostatně , dějiny protiraketové obrany jsou příběhem technologie , která bezustání zklamává své zastánce ve vládě i mimo ni .
after all , the history of missile defense is a tale of technology constantly disappointing its advocates in and out of government .
after all , history of anti-missile defence is a technology that is disappointing its supporters in government and beyond .
after all , history of anti-missile defence is an example during the technology , which is disappointing its supporters in the government and outside .

to byl důvod , proč i přes ohromné množství skvělých znalostí , jež byly shromážděny , zůstávalo řešení dráždivě mimo obzor .
so despite the enormous amount of excellent data that was collected , the solution remained tantalizingly out of reach .
this was the reason why , despite the enormous amount of excellent knowledge that has been collected , a solution has remained overwhelmed outside the obsession .
this was the reason why , despite the enormous amount of excellent knowledge collected , a solution has remained vicious outside the world .

je obzvlášť obtížné negativní reakci připsat působení léku , jestliže jde o zdravotní komplikaci , která je u dané věkové skupiny nebo léčených potíží běžná .
it is especially difficult to attribute an adverse reaction to a drug if the medical event is common in the user &apos;s age group or in the condition being treated .
it is particularly difficult to take a negative response to the cure when it comes to health complexity , which is normal for the age group or treatment .
it is particularly difficult to write a negative response to the mediation if it is a health complexity that is the case with the age group or the summer difficulties .

detekční technologie jasně prokázala , že irák žádné jaderné zbraně nemá , na což poukázal i šéf zbrojních inspektorů osn hans blix .
detection technology made it clear that iraq did not have nuclear weapons , as chief un inspector hans blix pointed out .
the scandal technology has clearly shown that iraq has no nuclear weapons , which has also been pointed out by the un arms inspectors .
the scandalous technology has clearly shown that iraq has no nuclear weapons , which has also pointed out the disarmament of the united nations hone inspectors .

pravidla , která budou řídit chování politiků , nesmí být vytvořena tak , jako by se měla vztahovat na nezaujaté veřejné sluhy s dobrými úmysly .
the rules that govern politicians &apos; behavior must not be written as if disinterested , well-intentioned public servants will apply them .
the rules governing the behaviour of politicians must not be developed as they should apply to unbiased public merits with good intentions .
the rules that are going to follow the behaviour of politicians must not be created as they should apply to unaccepted public mergers with good intentions .

čtvrtým šokem bylo rozšíření eu na východ , které přineslo mimořádné obchodní a investiční příležitosti na východě , ale současně znamenalo silnou konkurenci levné pracovní síly .
the fourth shock was eastern eu enlargement , which has brought extraordinary chances for trade and investment in the east , but has also brought massive low-wage competition .
the fourth shock was the enlargement of the eu to the east , which brought extraordinary trade and investment opportunities to the east , but at the same time meant strong competition for cheap labour .
the fourth team was the enlargement of the eu to the east , which has brought an extraordinary trade and investment opportunity in the east , but at the same time it meant strong competition for cheap labour .

vlastně i demokracii jakožto systém , který počítá s účastí všech , lze vnímat jako svého druhu metainstituci , která pomáhá při výběru ze seznamu možných institucionálních uspořádání pro určitou oblast .
in fact , we can think of participatory democracy as a meta-institution that helps select among the &quot; menu &quot; of possible institutional arrangements in each area .
in fact , democracy as a system that counts everyone &apos;s participation can be seen as its kind of metaphor , which helps to choose the list of possible institutional arrangements for a certain area .
in fact , as a system that counts all the participation of all , it can be seen as a kind of metar that helps to choose the list of possible institutional arrangements for a certain area .

před pětadvaceti lety ohromilo občany polska zvolení jejich rodáka , krakovského kardinála karola wojtyly novým papežem .
twenty-five years ago , poland &apos;s people were stunned by the choice of their compatriot , cardinal karol wojtyla of cracow , as pope .
twenty-20 years ago , poland was threatened by the elected citizens of their roma , the extreme cardinal journalist karol wojty-new papel .
twenty-five years ago , poland has threatened the citizens of poland to elect their slaughter , the countryna karol wojtil wool , a new pope .

vodní infrastruktura se může a musí rozvíjet paralelně se zdravými institucemi , kvalitním řízením , obrovskou pozorností k životnímu prostředí a spravedlivou dělbou nákladů a přínosů .
water infrastructure can and must be developed in parallel with sound institutions , good governance , great attention to the environment , and an equitable sharing of costs and benefits .
the water infrastructure can and must develop parallel with healthy institutions , quality management , enormous attention to the environment and a fair division of costs and benefits .
the water infrastructure can and must develop parallel with healthy institutions , quality management , huge attention to the environment and fair costs and benefits .

přijdou později a budou záviset na tom , zda george bush a tony blair budou schopni ospravedlnit svůj tvrdý útok na převážně bezbranné obyvatelstvo .
they will come later , and will depend on whether george bush and tony blair can justify their onslaught on a largely defenseless population .
they will come later and they will depend on whether george bush and tony blair will be able to justify their hard attack on a predominantly defenceless population .
they will come later , and they will depend on whether george bush and tony blair will be able to justify their hard attack on the vast defenceless population .

soudě podle výsledku schůzky rady guvernérů ecb z minulého měsíce , zdá se , že tato <unk> unce prevence <unk> je v hospodářství eurozóny už na spadnutí .
judging from the outcome of last month &apos;s meeting of the ecb &apos;s governing council , that &quot; ounce of prevention &quot; appears to be right around the corner for the euro-zone economy .
according to the outcome of the council meeting of the governor of the ecb last month , it seems that it is already under the euro area &apos;s euro area economy .
judges , according to the outcome of the council meeting of the governor of the ecb last month , it seems that this crackdown of prevention is already in the euro area economy .

loni v září se usa společně s francií zasadily o rezoluci 1559 rady bezpečnosti osn požadující syrské stažení a odzbrojení milic <unk> zejména hizballáhu .
last september , the us , together with france , sponsored un security council resolution 1559 demanding a syrian pullout and the disarming of militias -- mainly hezbollah .
last september , the usa , together with france , held a resolution 1559 of the un security council calling for syrian withdrawal and disarmament of a million , in particular , a heirs .
last september , the usa , together with france , held a resolution 1559 of the un security council calling for the syrian withdrawal and disarmament of the militias in particular .

těch několik málo případů úspěchu se událo v zemích , které pochodovaly podle svých vlastních bubnů - a které lze jen stěží nazvat modelovými potomky neoliberalismu .
the few instances of success occurred in countries that marched to their own drummers--and that are hardly poster children for neoliberalism .
the few examples of success have taken place in the countries that have taken their own bubbles - and which can hardly be called the model of neo-liberalism .
some of the few cases of success have taken place in countries that have come according to their own bubbbles - and which can hardly be called the model of neoliberalism .

v německu kanclã <unk> ř zastã ¡ vã ¡ nejsilněj<unk> ¡ ã <unk> pozici mezi klã <unk> čovã <unk> mi politickã <unk> mi hrã ¡ či .
in germany , the chancellor holds the strongest position among the key political players .
in germany , the chancellor of the rush of the rush of a rush , the strongest in germany , has been in the position of the opposition between mr knella , and i have just been able to see the political blockade of the rush or of the rush .
in germany , chancellor lclczai was a phrase of the great strength of the strongest fledge of the strong negotiating position between the pklker &apos;s mandate for the political vision of the embassy of the embryos of a strong or proud .

jako ombudsman v kosovu , jehož jmenovala organizace spojených národů , mám v posledních pěti letech jedinečnou příležitost sledovat důsledky této doktríny po zásahu nato v bývalé jugoslávii v roce 1999 .
as the united nations-appointed ombudsperson in kosovo for the past five years , i have had the unique opportunity to observe the aftereffects of that doctrine following nato &apos;s intervention in the former yugoslavia in 1999 .
i have a unique opportunity in the last five years to monitor the consequences of this doctrine after nato &apos;s intervention in the former yugoslavia in 1999 .
as a ombudsman in kosovo , whose appointment of the united nations , i have a unique opportunity in the last five years to monitor the consequences of this doctrine after the intervention of nato in the former yugoslavia in 1999 .

navzdory občasnému reptání politiků nikdo vážně nepochybuje o nezávislosti evropské centrální banky ani o tom , že měnová politika eurozóny je díky ní dobře chráněná proti politickým tlakům .
despite occasional grumbles from politicians , no one seriously doubts the european central bank &apos;s independence , or that monetary policy within the euro zone is therefore well insulated from political pressures .
despite the sometimes assassination of politicians , nobody is serious about the independence of the european central bank , nor about the fact that monetary policy in the euro area is well protected against political pressures .
in spite of the sometimes assassination of politicians , no one is serious about the independence of the european central bank , nor about the fact that the monetary policy of the euro area is well protected against political pressure .

část toho , co se stalo - či spíše nestalo - je hodná obdivu : neprojevily se téměř žádné snahy umlčet kritiku vlády , jak se děje v číně a mnoha jiných diktátorských zemích .
part of what happened--or , rather what didn &apos;t happen--is admirable : almost no effort was made to muzzle criticism of the government , as happens in china and scores of dictatorial countries .
part of what has happened - or rather it has not happened - is a wonderful admiration : almost no efforts have been made to criticise the government , as is happening in china and many other dictatorial countries .
part of what happened - or rather did not happen - is a worthy admiration : they did not show almost any efforts to criticise the government &apos;s criticism , as is happening in china and many other dictatorial countries .

strategie vodních investic , která sníží zranitelnost chudých a zajistí základní přístup k vodě pro všechny , bude vyžadovat na míru šité plánování a efektivní partnerství dárcovských zemí , vlád rozvojových států , soukromého sektoru a místních komunit .
a water investment policy that reduces the vulnerability of the poor and offers basic water security for all will require customized planning and an effective partnership of donor countries , developing country governments , the private sector , and local communities .
the water investment strategy , which will reduce the vulnerability of poor and ensure basic access to water for all , will require tailor-made planning and effective partnership between donor countries , governments , developing countries , the private sector and local communities .
the water strategy , which will reduce the vulnerability of poor and ensure a basic approach to water for all , will require peace of planning and effective partnership of donors , governments of developing countries , the private sector and local communities .

v nedávné anketě , provedené s podporou světové banky mezi firmami se zájmem o uhlíkové peníze , jen jeden z pěti respondentů prohlásil , že má zájem o nákup snížení emisí na období po roce 2012 .
according to a recent world bank-supported survey of companies interested in carbon finance , only one in five respondents declared that they were interested in buying post-2012 emissions reductions .
in the recent ankelly , carried out with the support of the world bank between companies with interest in carbon money , only one of the five respondents said that it was interested in purchasing emissions for the period after 2012 .
in recent ankeymen , carried out with the support of the world bank between companies with interest in carbon money , only one of five correspondents said that it is interested in purchasing emissions for the period after 2012 .

vznik jakési zárodečné <unk> světové občanské společnosti <unk> zvyšuje poptávku po univerzálních a charismatických osobnostech , nabízí naději v globální zodpovědnost , ale současně obsahuje i populistické podtóny .
the emergence of an embryonic &quot; world civil society &quot; heightens demand for universal and charismatic figures , holding out the hope of global accountability , but also carrying populist overtones .
the emergence of a sort of deliberate world civil society is increasing demand for universal and charismatic persons , offering hope in global responsibility , but at the same time it also includes populist tone .
it offers hope in global responsibility , but at the same time it also contains a populist substitute for the world civil society .

mají-li politici možnost řídit inflaci rozhodujícím slovem v centrální bance , mohou svou moc využít k devalvaci břemena státního dluhu a vyhnout se nutnosti zvýšit kvůli jeho splácení daně .
when politicians can control inflation by exercising decisive sway over central banks , they can use their power to devalue the burden of public debt , avoiding the need for more taxation to pay it off .
if politicians are to be able to manage inflation by a decisive word in the central bank , they can use their power to devaluate the burden of state debt and avoid the need to increase their tax repayment .
if politicians have the opportunity to manage inflation in the central bank , they can use their power to devalue the burden of sovereign debt and avoid the need to increase the value of tax .

všechny tyto prvky lze potenciálně navrhovat tak , aby zlepšovaly a rozšiřovaly zásobování vodou pro účely výroby energie , zavlažování a použití v domácnostech i průmyslu a současně představovaly pojistku proti suchu i ochranu před záplavami .
these can all potentially be designed to improve and expand water supplies for power generation , irrigation , and household and industrial use , while providing security against droughts and protection from floods .
all of these elements can potentially be proposed in such a way that they improve and expand water supply for energy production , irrigation and use of households and industry , while at the same time presenting insurance against drought and protection against flooding .
all these elements can be potentially proposed in order to improve and expand water supply for the purposes of energy production , trains and use in households and industry , while at the same time presenting certain certainty against drought and protection against flooding .

realizace takové strategie se bude zřejmě zemi od země lišit v závislosti na daných administrativních kapacitách , převažujícím režimu pobídek , pružnosti fiskálního systému , úrovni sofistikovanosti finančního sektoru a celkovém politickoekonomickém pozadí .
implementing such a strategy may differ from country to country , depending on administrative capacity , the prevailing incentive regime , the flexibility of the fiscal system , the degree of sophistication of the financial sector , and the underlying political economy .
the implementation of such a strategy will appear to be a country , depending on the administrative capacity in question , the prevailing incentive regime , the flexibility of the fiscal system , the level of sofia &apos;s financial sector and the overall political backdrop .
the implementation of such a strategy will seem to be a country from the country , depending on the administrative capacity , the dominant regime of incentives , the flexibility of the fiscal system , the level of softening the financial sector and the overall political economic background .

například když demografický trend nebo trvalé hospodářské potíže uvalí na zaměstnance nepřiměřenou sociální zátěž , měly by být automaticky upraveny také penzijní dávky - zvýsením věku pro odchod do důchodu nebo uzpůsobením výse penzí .
for example , when demographic trends or persistent economic hardships impose undue social-welfare burdens on working people , benefits to pensioners should be automatically modified by raising the retirement age and / or adjusting benefits .
for example , when the demographic trend or permanent economic difficulties impose disproportionate social burdens on employees , pensions should also be automatically regulated - an increase in the retirement age or the imposition of pensions .
for example , when the demographic trend or permanent economic difficulties impose disproportionate social burdens on employees , pension benefits should also automatically be regulated - the increase in the age age age of retirement or the rise in pensions .

znovu zopakovali svou věrnost paktu stability a růstu , jenž od zemí eurozóny vyžaduje , aby zvysovaly daně a skrtaly výdaje , čímž ministři jestě zvýsili tlak , který strhává jejich ekonomiky do hlubin .
they reiterated their commitment to the stability and growth pact , which requires euro-zone countries to raise taxes and cut spending , putting even more downward pressure on their economies .
they have reiterated their atrocities of the stability and growth pact , which requires the countries of the euro area to evade taxes and discourage expenditure , thereby increasing the pressure that they spend in deeper economies .
once again , they have reiterated their atrocities of the stability and growth pact , which requires the countries of the euro area to evolve taxes and disbursement of expenditure , thereby increasing the pressure that the economies are building into deeper .

jejich uvažování se ubírá cestou myšlení doby před padesáti lety , kdy ekonomové došli k závěru , že jediné , co lze s deflací dělat , je vyhýbat se jí jako čert kříži .
their thoughts retrace the economic thinking of over fifty years ago , a time when economists concluded that the thing to do with deflation was to avoid it like the plague .
their thinking is taking the path of thinking over the period 50 years ago , when economists concluded that the only thing that can be done is to evade them like chlorine .
they are taking their thinking in the way of thinking between 50 years ago , when the economists concluded that the only thing that can be done is to avoid it as montenegro .

například subsaharská afrika má tisíce mladých válečníků <unk> jen v súdánu jich žije 100 000 <unk> , kteří doufají , že se jim v období míru podaří přeuspořádat své životy , avšak očividně potřebují kvalifikační kurzy , pracovní místa , ale i lékařskou a psychologickou podporu .
for example , sub-saharan africa has thousands of young combatants -- 100,000 in sudan alone -- who hope to reconstruct their lives in peacetime but clearly require skills training and jobs , as well as medical and psychological support .
for example , sub-saharan africa has thousands of young wounded wars in sudan only lives 100 000 in sudan , who hope that they will manage to get their lives together during the period of peace , but obviously they need qualification courses , jobs , but also medical and psychological support .
for example , sub-saharan africa , for example , has thousands of young warrants in sudan , only 100 000 in sudan , who hope that they will be able to combine their lives in peace , but obviously they need qualification courses , jobs , but also medical and psychological support .

například michael tilson thomas v san francisku zkombinoval efektivní sponzorské aktivity s uměleckým vedením tak dovedně , že dostal sanfranciský symfonický orchestr mezi špičková americká tělesa .
michael tilson thomas in san francisco , for example , has combined effective fundraising and artistic leadership to propel the san francisco symphony to the top rank of us orchestras .
for example , michael tilson , san francisz zver zbin an effective sponsored sponsor , with artistic leadership , that he received francisco gaiorchez-orchestr between the chief of the american forest .
for example , michael chael thomas thomas in san francisa , has made effective sponsor &apos;s effective spontaneous activities with artistic leadership , so that he has received a francision of the francis fund between the university of america and forest .

<unk> ústup státu <unk> ve velké části rozvojového světa s sebou v posledních desetiletích přinesl omezení úlohy vlády , včetně schopnosti směřovat a udržovat rozvoj , a úbytek jejích progresivních sociálních intervencí v oblastech , jako je veřejné školství , zdravotnictví , bydlení a služby .
the &quot; retreat of the state &quot; in much of the developing world in recent decades has involved a generally reduced role for government , including the capacity to lead and sustain development , as well as its progressive social interventions in areas such as public education , health , housing , and utilities .
in recent decades , the introduction of a state has been passed in a large part of the developing world has led to a reduction in the role of the government &apos;s role , including the ability to move and maintain development , and the decline of its progressive social intervention in areas such as public education , health , housing and services .
in the last decade , the role of governments , including the capability to maintain and maintain development , and the decline in its progressive social intervention in areas such as public education , health , housing , housing and services , has resulted in a large part of the developing world .

z jednoho pohledu je dobře , že mají ministři financí zemí eu plno elánu držet v dlouhodobém výhledu své státní dluhy na nízké úrovni : je to znamení , že nebudou bezstarostně odhozena vítězství nad inflací , vybojovaná v 70. letech .
from one perspective , it is good that the euro zone &apos;s finance ministers are eager to keep their national debts low in the long term : it is a sign that the victories over inflation won in the 1970 &apos;s will not be casually thrown away .
it is a good thing , from one point of view , that the eu finance ministers of the countries are full to keep their national debts at low levels in the long term : it is a sign that they will not grow without pregnancy over inflation , fought in the 1970s .
from one point of view , it is a good thing that the eu finance ministers have a meeting in the long term of their state debt at a low level : it is a sign that they will not be discouraged by a vicious victory over inflation , fought in the 1970s .

měsíce , než budou bankovky a mince eura uvedeny do běžného oběhu , přinesou jen další obavy , jež budou neustále tlačit euro zpět ; -trvání na tom , aby byl v čele evropské centrální banky udržen wim duisenberg .
the months until euro notes and coins are introduced will produce even more scare stories , which are bound to hold the euro back . - an insistence on keeping wim duisenberg as head of the european central bank .
the next concerns that the euro will constantly push back ; the insistence that the european central bank will keep its wife and minerals at the root of the euro for months before the banks and mines of the euro are put into the normal circulation will only bring about further feelings that the euro will constantly be pushed back ; the insistence that the european central bank will be at the forefront of the european central bank will keep wienisberg .
there are only other concerns that will continuously be pushed back to the euro for the euro , which will keep the euro back ; i insist that the european central bank should be maintained before the bank and the coast of the euro and the coast berg coast .

kdyby se celostã ¡ tnã <unk> volby konaly řekněme minulou neděli , tedy 8 . ãºnora , středopravã ¡ koalice slo<unk> <unk> enã ¡ z křesťanskã <unk> ch demokratů a liberã ¡ lů by podle jednã <unk> z hlavnã <unk> ch německã <unk> ch institucã <unk> pro vã <unk> zkum veřejnã <unk> ho mã <unk> něnã <unk> â <unk> <unk> infratest dimap &quot; zã <unk> skala 57 procent hlasů .
if national elections had , say , been held last sunday , february 8 , a centre-right coalition consisting of the christian democrats and the liberals would have won 57 % of the vote , according to &quot; infratest dimap , &quot; one of germany &apos;s main polling institutes .
as a result of the obstinacy of the parliamentary elections , i would say last sunday , 8 of the order of excellence , which is to say , in other words , 8 of the order of excellence , the iaea , the centrality of the ordinary coalition of the enenol , as a result of the gathering between the christian democrats and the liberal democrats , would only be hoped from the head of the german institute of germany , mr cobol obiol , to runchaiol obstruck , the rutteen rug has been the only enlightened by the common rupt for the partite for the partiality of the partiality of the partiality of the partiality of the entire enlargement of the entire infrastructure .
let us say last sunday , namely , the massacre of 8 , the massacre of the massacre , the massacre , the massacre , the centre of the centendoctrine &apos;s slogan , the pione-size-fly of the embassies of christians from the christian democrat and the liberals , according to the act of the act of the head of the head of the german authority for the doctrinator , the teams &amp; d &apos;sale of the embassy of the embassy of the embassies of the embassy of the embassy of the emaked part of the embassy , and liberal democrat liberals and liberal democrats , would have been part of a forty of the fabkhated by the act of the act of the act of the fabkharosentity of the european parliament .

vzhledem k tomu , že u starších lidí , z nichž mnozí trpí artritickými bolestmi vyžadujícími léčbu analgetiky , existuje vysoké riziko náhlé srdeční slabosti , trvalo šest let , než byla uznána spojitost mezi inhibitory cox-2 a dvoj- až trojnásobným zvýšením rizika vzniku náhlé srdeční slabosti .
because the risk of heart attacks is high in older people , many of whom have arthritic pain requiring treatment with painkillers , it took six years to link cox-2 inhibitors to a two- to three-fold increase in the risk of heart attacks .
in view of the fact that the elderly , many of whom suffer the triumph required for the treatment of the skies , there is a high risk of sudden weakness , six years after the link between the hidden and the twenty-two - the triumph of the triumph required to acute the treatment of the skies , there has been a high risk of sudden weakness , of six years old , to the permanent recognition of the link between the hixinhic battle and the hideditals - and the trolipppppppppppppppines - and the troy of the three risks - to the troical threat of increased risk of the rise by of a by the troliphoney .
in view of the fact that many of the triumpteenth people suffer from the triumph treatment of getist getis , there is a risk of a huge risk of a warm squander , six years ago , to the recognition of coin coast - and the number of two of the elderly , who suffer from the triumph bologna &apos;s trials , there is a risk of a huge risk of congestion , a high risk of diligence , a permanent recognition of comitology between coin coatic slaughter and comitology - and shortage .

neschopnost rozhodného postupu v otázce konečného statusu kosova však situaci na balkáně ještě zhorší , protože zablokuje směřování srbska k západu i jeho konečný cíl v podobě členství v eu , vystaví etnické menšiny v kosovu napospas nebezpečné nejednoznačnosti a ohrozí křehké státy , jako jsou bosna a makedonie .
but failure to proceed definitively now on kosovo &apos;s final status will produce a worse balkan situation , one that blocks serbia &apos;s move toward the west and ultimate membership in the eu , condemns kosovo &apos;s ethnic minorities to dangerous ambiguity , and imperils fragile states like bosnia and macedonia .
however , the imposition of a decisive procedure on the final status of kosovo in the balkans will exacerbate the situation , since it is blocking serbia &apos;s destination in the eu and its ultimate membership , it will send ethnic minorities in kosovo a dangerous ambiguity and threatens bosnia as the states of bosnia and bosnia as a whole to the impasse of its ultimate goal of membership of the eu as well as its ultimate membership of the eu , to send ethnic minorities in kosovo a dangerous ambiguous ambiguous ambiguity and ambiguity and to bosnia states .
however , the failure to take a decisive procedure on the final status of kosovo in the balkans , but it is exacerbated by serbia in the final situation , because serbia &apos;s direction is exacerbated by serbia &apos;s ultimate objective in the end of the eu membership , is threatening to threaten a clear and unsafe disability of macedonia , as it is threatening to block serbia in the end of the eu , and its final objective in kosovo .

v roce 1909 se vrátil do británie , aby pracoval na univerzitě v leedsu a pokračoval ve svém zkoumání podstaty paprsků x . roku 1923 se stal ředitelem královské společnosti v londýně , kam přilákal několik vynikajících mladých vědců zajímajících se o oblast paprsků x . mezi nimi byli i dva čerství absolventi cambridgeské univerzity , william astbury a john desmond bernal , kteří se začali zabývat problematikou stavby bílkovin - astbury poté , co jej bragg požádal , aby pořídil rentgenové snímky vlny a hedvábí .
he became director of the royal institution in london in 1923 , where he attracted some outstanding young scientists interested in the x-ray field . among them were two recent cambridge graduates , william astbury and john desmond bernal , who became interested in the problem of protein structure--astbury as a result of being asked by bragg to provide x-ray diagrams of wool and silk .
in 1909 , britain returned to britain to work on a university in leeda and continued its examination of the substance of the paskophiles , 1923 was the director of the royal company in london , where a few excellent young scientists have attracted an excellent science with the printing of the prince , including abkhazia , kaiti kaiti medina , wild john berry , who started to deal with the issue of bush , who had started to deal with the boycott , the hegman of the herot .
in 1909 , the uk has returned to britain to work in the university in leedededededa and continued to examine the essence of pabuses , 1923 , the director of the uk in london , where several excellent young scientists were attracted on the printing area of printing between them , and two boards of cambodia , bundec wilderness , buche and berg , who were asked to ask him to deal with the bund box , and

