wal-mart kam se podíváš ?
wall-to-wall wal-mart ?
what is your look at ?
wallis , where is your part ?

tím si získávají mediální uznání .
that wins them media acclaim .
this will gain media recognition .
this gives media recognition .

ověřit druhé tvrzení bude obtížnější .
the second claim will be trickier to prove .
verification of the second claim will be more difficult .
verifying the second claim will be more difficult .

berme bezpečnost léčiv vážně
taking drug safety seriously
let us take the safety of medicines seriously .
let us take the safety of medicines seriously .

virtuální nepřítel
the virtual enemy
virtual virtual enemy
virtual virtual enemy

už to stačí na otřes cen aktiv po celém světě .
that is enough to shake asset prices worldwide .
it is enough of the ottoma price of assets around the world .
it is already enough for the father of assets around the world .

nežádaly o dary , jen o příležitost si vydělat .
they didn &apos;t want a handout , only a chance to earn income .
they did not ask for the opportunity to do so .
they did not ask for them , only an opportunity to do so .

západoevropští politici se zase obávají opačného výsledku .
west european politicians , for their part , fear the opposite outcome .
the western european politicians are once again afraid of the opposite result .
the western european politicians , in turn , fear the opposite result .

zaprvé , musíme aktualizovat svou společenskou smlouvu .
first , we must update our social contract .
firstly , we must update our social treaty .
firstly , we must update our social treaty .

je-li reformátor , přesvědčil jen nemnohé .
if he &apos;s a reformer , few are convinced .
if the reforms are reformed , they have persuaded not just many .
if the reforms were to be reformed , they have only persuaded a lot .

usa ovšem také musí zajišťovat , aby se stávající instituce přizpůsobovaly realitě současnosti .
but the us must also ensure that existing institutions are adapted to current realities .
however , the us must also ensure that the existing institutions adapt to the reality of the current situation .
however , the us must also ensure that the existing institutions adapt to the reality today .

probíhá-li v zemi reformní proces , stabilita měnového kurzu je klíčovou oporou .
exchange rate stability is the key anchor when a country &apos;s reform process is underway .
if there is a reform process in the country , the stability of the monetary kurdish is a key omission .
if there is a reform process in the country , the stability of the monetary kurdish is a key curtail .

klíčovým bodem je zde to , že institucionální uspořádání je nutně pro každou zemi specifické .
a key point here is that institutional arrangements are , by necessity , country-specific .
the key point here is that institutional arrangements are necessarily specific to each country .
the key point here is that institutional arrangements are necessarily specific for each country .

přesto měnová politika není ojedinělým typem tvorby hospodářských koncepcí .
yet monetary policy is not a unique species of economic policymaking .
yet monetary policy is not an isolated type of economic concept .
yet monetary policy is not an isolated type of economic concept .

přijetí tohoto přístupu ovšem neznamená oprostit se od hlavních směrů ekonomiky .
adopting this approach does not mean abandoning mainstream economics--far from it .
the adoption of this approach does not , however , mean abandoning the guidelines of the economy .
however , the adoption of this approach does not mean simple from the guidelines of the economy .

vskutku , sýrie si ve washingtonu vysloužila zřetelné pohrdání .
indeed , there is palpable disdain for syria in washington .
indeed , syria in washington has deserved a clear contempt .
indeed , syria in washington has served clear contempt in washington .

prozatím si bushova administrativa počká na výsledky zkoušek a až pak rozhodne .
for now , the bush administration will await the outcome of tests before deciding .
for the time being , the bush administration will wait for the results of the tests and then decide .
for the time being , the bush administration will wait for the results of the tests and then decide .

evropská unie má totiž naději stát se ručičkou vah této asymetrie .
there &apos;s a chance that it would be perceived as a pointer to this asymmetry .
in fact , the european union has the hope of becoming a rubbish of this asymmetry .
in fact , the european union has the hope to become the hotel of this metric .

v praxi se však z kolegiálního tlaku stalo kolegiální spiklenectví .
in practice , however , peer pressure has become peer collusion .
in practice , however , the college pressure has become a collateral conspiracy .
in practice , however , the colossal pressure has become a cornerstone of knees .

objevilo se volání po dokonalejších systémech včasného varování před cunami .
there are now calls for improved tsunami early warning systems .
there has been a call for early warning warnings before the cuban systems .
there has been a call for early warning systems before cucuban .

kosovo bývá často vydáváno za zkušební případ konceptu <unk> humanitární <unk> intervence .
kosovo is often held up as a test case for the concept of &quot; humanitarian &quot; intervention .
kosovo is often issued under the test concept of a post-humanitarian intervention concept .
kosovo has often been issued under the test case of the concept of a substitute for humanitarian intervention .

to by se změnilo , kdyby byly podány důkazy o zmiňovaných čtyřech tvrzeních .
this would change if evidence on the four points is mustered .
this would be changed if evidence of the four observations mentioned would be reported .
this would change if evidence of the four claims were made .

můj úřad věnuje čečensku maximální pozornost , i když se to z moskvy nedělá snadno .
my office pays maximum attention to chechnya , although this is not easy to do from moscow .
my office pays maximum attention to chechnya , although it is not easy to do so from moscow .
my office is paying maximum attention to chechnya , even though it is not easy to do so from moscow .

přesto se nabízejí praktická řešení , protože specifické problémy lze překonat jednoduchými a levnými technologiemi .
yet practical solutions are at hand , because simple and low-cost technologies can address specific problems .
yet they offer practical solutions , because specific problems can be overcome by simple and cheap technologies .
nevertheless , it offers practical solutions , because specific problems can be overcome by simple and cheap technologies .

syřané si ohledně libanonu opakovaně mylně vykládají záměry bushovy administrativy .
in lebanon , the syrians have repeatedly misread the bush administration &apos;s intentions .
the syrians have repeatedly interpreted the intentions of the bush administration with regard to lebanon .
the symptoms on lebanon have repeatedly interpreted the intentions of the bush administration .

je samozřejmě pravda , že rozšíření unii zásadně proměnilo a vyvolalo nové problémy a politické obavy .
it is , of course , true that enlargement has fundamentally changed the union and given rise to new problems and policy concerns .
of course , it is true that the enlargement of the union has substantially measured and caused new problems and political concerns .
it is , of course , true that the enlargement of the union has significantly changed and caused new problems and political concerns .

severní kosovo , které je dnes do značné míry pod kontrolou bělehradu , nesmí být fakticky přehrazeno .
northern kosovo , now largely under belgrade &apos;s control , must not be partitioned off in all but name .
the northern kosovo , which is largely under the control of belgrade today , must not , in fact , be replaced .
north kosovo , which is largely under control of belgrade , must not , in fact , be replaced .

odpovědí , přinejmenším do chvíle , kdy tento komentář píšu , bylo většinou hrobové ticho .
the response , at least at the time of this column &apos;s writing , has mostly been deafening silence .
the answer , at least at the moment , when this comment is song , was mostly grap .
the answer , at least at the moment , when this comment was the majority of grave silent .

ze zemí , u nichž je imigrace do eu pravděpodobná , má turecko nejlepší vyhlídky na úspěšnou adaptaci .
among the countries from where immigration to the eu is probable , turkey has the best prospects for successful adaptation .
turkey has the best prospects for successful adaptation , from the countries where immigration is in the eu .
turkey has the best prospects for successful adaptation from countries where immigration is likely to be immigration into the eu .

krátce , mají strach , že bez oživení výstupu či zaměstnanosti bude celkovým výsledkem pouhý nárůst chudoby .
in short , they fear that , with no expansion of output or employment , the net effect will simply be an increase in poverty .
shortly , they are afraid that , without the recovery of employment or employment , the overall result will be a mere rise in poverty .
in short , they fear that , without the recovery of employment or employment , the overall result will be a mere increase in poverty .

dodnes bush a blair nedokázali přesvědčit svět , s částečnými výjimkami svých vlastních zemí .
to date , bush and blair have failed to make the case to the world , with the partial exception of their own countries .
until now , bush and blair have failed to convince the world , with partial exceptions of their own countries .
until now , bush and blair have failed to convince the world , with partial exceptions of their own countries .

vlády by se mohly rozhodnout , že se tímto způsobem zachovají znovu , zvlástě když se zadlužení státu zvětsuje .
governments could decide to act this way again , especially if national debts grow bigger .
governments could decide that they will resume in this way , if the debt of the state is increased .
governments could decide that they are reacting again in this way when the debt of the state is increasing .

realisticky můžeme doufat nanejvýš v to , že to nejhorší , k čemu se odhodlají , provedou světu na očích .
the best that we can plausibly hope for is to ensure that the worst of what they do is done out in the open .
we can hope in a realistic manner that the worst they are committed to will be done in the eyes of the world .
we can hope , at the very least , that the worst thing they are committed is going to the world in the eyes .

potřeba obdobného objasnění , postaveného na přísných důkazech , neztratila ani dnes nic ze svého významu .
such an explanation , backed by rigorous evidence , is no less necessary today .
the need for a similar clarification , built on strict pensions , has not lost anything from its importance today .
the need for a similar clarification , built on strict pensions , has not gone out of its importance today .

ostatní vlády by měly tento vzor následovat , aby tak splnily svou zanedbávanou úlohu strážce veřejného zdraví .
other governments should follow this model in order to fulfill their neglected role as guardian of public health .
other governments should follow this model in order to fulfil their neglected role as guardian of public health .
other governments should follow this model in order to fulfil their neglected role as a guardian of public health .

ceny domů totiž v minulosti zaznamenaly obrovský pohyb vzhůru navzdory varováním , že hostina již skončila .
housing prices have shown tremendous upward momentum in the face of previous warnings that the party is over .
in fact , the prices of houses in the past have seen huge movement worse , despite the validation that the hotel has already ended .
in fact , the price of home prices in the past recorded the enormous movement of the noise , despite the warning that the holocaust has already ended .

většina obyvatel žije blízko u pobřeží s dobrým přístupem k mezinárodnímu obchodu a většina jich žije ve městech , což je pro hospodářský růst také výhoda .
most people live near the coasts , with good access to international trade , and most live in cities - another advantage for growth .
most inhabitants live near the coast with a good approach to international trade , and most of them live in cities , which is also a benefit for economic growth .
most people live close to coast with a good approach to international trade , and most of them live in cities , which is also an advantage for economic growth .

vlády bez adekvátní schopnosti vést soukromý sektor vpřed zřejmě místo zkvalitnění způsobu rozdělování zdrojů spíš spoustu věcí pokazí .
governments without adequate capacity to exercise leadership over their private sectors are likely to mess things up rather than improve allocation of resources .
governments , without adequate hesitation , will apparently lead the private sector forward instead of improving the way in which resources are distributed , rather than showing a lot of things .
governments without adequate capacity to lead the private sector to a private sector , perhaps instead of improving the way in which the distribution of resources is more than a lot of things .

i když této hrozbě nelze příliš věřit ( nejvíce by totiž poškodila právě ruské zájmy ) , nelze jí upřít jistou logiku .
while this threat lacks credibility ( it would harm russian interests most ) it has a certain logic .
although this threat cannot be seen too much - namely , it is russia &apos;s interests that must not be denied a certain logic .
even if this threat is not too much to be believed ( the most would damage the russian interests ) , it cannot be a certain logic .

odklad však jen poskytuje koštunicovi více prostoru na hledání způsobu , jak rozhodnutí rady bezpečnosti ještě citelněji ztížit .
but delay only offers more room for kostunica to find ways to make a security council decision more difficult .
however , the postponement only provides more space to find a way of making the security council decisions even more difficult .
however , the postponement only provides more space for finding a way of finding a better way for the council &apos;s security council decision to make even more difficult .

americká pomoc se přesto zdá skoupá v porovnání s částkami , jež nabídly země se zlomkem amerického hospodářského bohatství .
america &apos;s aid still appeared niggardly when compared with the amounts offered by countries with a fraction of america &apos;s economic wealth .
however , american aid seems to be scrapping compared to the amounts offered by the country with a breakthrough in american economic wealth .
however , the american aid seems to be blatant compared to the amounts offered by the country with the collapse of the american economic wealth .

země jako thajsko , které cítily , že se dokáží s finančními nároky vypořádat samy , požádaly , aby pomoc směřovala k ostatním .
countries , like thailand , that felt that they could handle the finances on their own asked that assistance be directed to others .
countries such as thailand , which felt they were able to deal with financial claims themselves , asked for assistance to go to others .
countries such as thailand , which felt that they will be able to deal with financial claims themselves , have asked to help others .

kromě toho zde bylo do značné míry přehlíženo základní selhání ekonomické strategie , jehož výsledkem je značný rozdíl mezi diskusí o veřejné politice v latinské americe a v asii .
beyond this , a basic failure of economic strategy has been largely overlooked , one that is reflected in a major difference between public policy discussions in latin america and asia .
in addition , the fundamental failure of the economic strategy has been overlooked to a large extent , resulting in a significant difference between the discussions on public policy in latin america and asia .
in addition , there has been a great deal of oversight of the fundamental failures of the economic strategy , the result of which is a significant difference between the discussions on public policy in latin america and asia .

naše úsilí o podporu demokracie na celém světě zároveň slouží zájmům usa , a to díky věcnému poznání , že demokracie řeší své rozpory v míru .
at the same time , our efforts to promote democracy worldwide serve us interests , owing to the hardheaded realization that democracies settle their differences peaceably .
at the same time , our efforts to promote democracy throughout the world serve the interests of the us , thanks to the knowledge that democracy is solving its differences in peace .
at the same time , our efforts to promote democracy throughout the world serve the interests of the us , thanks to the awareness that democracy will solve its differences in peace .

titíž účetní nám vsak nenabízejí žádný způsob , jak posoudit , kdy jsou deficity ospravedlnitelné , a kdy nikoliv .
but what these accountants do not provide is a way to judge when deficits are justifiable and when they are not .
the same accounts do not offer us any way to assess where deficits are justifiable and when they are not .
there is no way of assessing the deficits that are justified and not when deficits are justified .

může být těžké svrhnout totalitní režim a uspořádat volby , ale ještě těžším úkolem je dotáhnout to od voleb k zavedení skutečné demokracie .
overthrowing a totalitarian regime and organizing elections may be hard , but the harder task is to go from voting to establishing a true democracy .
it may be difficult to overthrow the totalitarian regime and hold elections , but it is even more difficult to do so from the elections to establish genuine democracy .
it may be difficult to overthrow the totalitarian regime and hold elections , but it is even more difficult to catch up from the elections to introduce a genuine democracy .

evropané si podrobili původní indiánské obyvatelstvo a rovněž sem přivezli značné množství afrických otroků , zejména do oblasti karibské pánve a brazílie .
europeans subdued amerindian populations and also brought in massive numbers of slaves from africa , especially to the caribbean basin and brazil .
europeans have details of the indian people &apos;s original indian population and have also received a large number of african slavery , particularly in the caribbean and brazil region .
europeans have been subjected to the indian population of india , and they have also taken a large number of african slavery , especially in the area of the caribbean and brazil .

v této fázi je pravděpodobná jistá sestupná cenová nestabilita , protože nadšení pro investice do domů zřejmě vyprchá s klesajícím cenovým růstem .
at this point , there is likely to be some downward instability in prices , because enthusiasm for investing in houses is likely to wane in line with declining price growth .
at this stage , it is likely to have some degree of price volatility , because the enthusiasm for investment in houses seems to have been diminished with falling prices .
at this stage , it is likely to have a certain degree of price volatility , because the enthusiasm for investment in home seems to be flourished with the falling price rises .

navíc určitá část dluhu vznikla jako součást krize z let 1997 až 1998 , kterou zhoršily a prohloubily politiky , jež zemi vnutil mmf .
moreover , some of the debt was incurred as part of the 1997-1998 crisis , which was aggravated and deepened by imf-imposed policies .
in addition , a certain part of the debt was created as part of the 1997 crisis , which exacerbated and deepened the policies imposed by the imf .
moreover , a certain amount of debt has been created as part of the 1997 crisis , which has deteriorated and deepened the policies imposed by the imf .

ecb by se neměla snažit vyrovnávat inflaci na jihu a na východě deflací na severu , aby tak plnila umělé celokontinentální cíle .
the ecb should not try to balance inflation in the south and east with deflation in the north in order to hit artificial continent-wide targets .
the ecb should not seek to offset inflation in the south and in the east of the north , in order to meet the artificial continuous continental objectives .
the ecb should not seek to balance inflation in the south and the east of the crime in the north to meet the artificial continental objectives .

němci by proto měli pohlížet na brusel jako na liberalizující sílu , která je schopná prosadit to , co by jinak bylo doma politicky nemožné .
germans should look to brussels as a liberating force to accomplish what would otherwise be politically impossible at home .
the germans should therefore look at brussels as a liberalised force that is capable of enforcing what would otherwise be politically impossible at home .
therefore , the germans should look at brussels as a liberalised force that is capable of enforcing what would otherwise be politically impossible at home .

když se vedoucí představitelé členských zemí eu na jaře sešli , aby vyhodnotili dosavadní pokrok , s lítostí připustili , že cíl lisabonské strategie se pravděpodobně nepodaří naplnit .
when eu leaders met last spring to assess progress , they pitifully recognized that the lisbon strategy &apos;s goal was unlikely to be met .
when the leaders of the eu member states met in spring to evaluate the progress that has been made so far , they have made it clear that the lisbon strategy &apos;s objective will probably not succeed .
when the leaders of the eu member states have come to the spring to evaluate the progress that has been made , they have admitted that the objective of the lisbon strategy will probably not be achieved .

hdp na obyvatele v produktivním věku činilo v roce 1996 ve východní části německa 61 % západoněmecké úrovně , kdežto dnes dosahuje pouhých 59 % .
gdp per working-age person in east germany had been 61 % of the west german level in 1996 , but it is now only 59 % .
gdp per capita in the working age of 1996 in the eastern part of germany , 61 % of the west metres , whereas today only 59 % are achieved .
gdp for people in the productivity age took place in 1996 in the eastern part of germany 61 % of the western meltdown , whereas it is only 59 % today .

ponaučením pro indii je to , že v případě domácího nebo zahraničního otřesu by se úplná směnitelnost mohla projevit jako nákladný a krátce trvající experiment .
the lesson for india is that , in the event of a domestic or external shock , full convertibility could prove to be a costly , short-lived experiment .
the lessons learned for india are that , in the case of domestic or foreign upheaval , full rigour could prove to be a costly and short experiment .
the lesson for india is that , in the case of domestic or foreign shareholders , full rigour could prove to be costly and short experiments .

také dalsí bohaté země se topí v červeném inkoustu , přestože jejich deficity jsou nepatrně méně nafouklé než schodek spojených států .
although marginally less bloated than the us deficit , other rich countries are drowning in red ink .
it is also the dalli of the rich countries that are sinking up in the red ink , even though their deficits are probably less ridiculous than the united states deficit .
also , the dalai lama , the rich countries are rooted in red smoke , even though their deficits are probably less nafty than the united states deficit .

musíme ale také zajistit autonomní evropskou schopnost vojenského plánování , neboť se může stát , že eu bude muset vést své vlastní operace , třeba proto , že nato nebude ochotné jednat .
but we must also establish an autonomous european military planning capacity , because the eu might need to lead its own operations , perhaps because nato is unwilling to .
however , we must also ensure the autonomous european capacity for military planning , as it may be that the eu will have to conduct its own operations , because nato will not be willing to act .
however , we also need to ensure the autonomous european capacity for military planning , as it may be that the eu will have to conduct its own operations , because nato will not be willing to act .

pravice v maďarsku utrpěla předevsím neshodami mezi konzervativními a populistickými silami na jedné straně a tradičními liberály , převážně z měst , na straně druhé .
hungary &apos;s political right has suffered mainly from differences between conservative and populist forces on the one hand , and traditional , mainly urban , liberals on the other .
the right in hungary suffered by the day of disagreements between conservatives and populist forces , on the one hand , and traditional liberals , mostly cities , on the other .
the right in hungary has suffered an abstention between conservatives and populist forces , on the one hand , and traditional liberals , mainly from cities , on the other .

demokratické hodnoty sice možná jsou jednostranně nakloněné právům jednotlivce , ale právě to jim dodalo univerzálnosti a legitimizovalo boj proti útlaku , ať už k němu dochází kdekoliv .
democracy &apos;s values may be one-sided on behalf of individual rights , but this has also made them universal , legitimizing the struggle against oppression , wherever it is played out .
even though democratic values may be unilaterally in the rights of the individual , this has just given them the universality and legitimisation of the fight against oppression , wherever this happens .
however , democratic values may be unilaterally cloned by individual rights , but it has just given them the universal nature and the legitimisation of the fight against oppression , whatever happens .

v roce 1998 jsem navštívil bývalé sovětské republiky středního východu , abych tu vedl rozhovory ohledně rozvoje demokracie , který v oněch nově samostatných zemích probíhal - nebo měl probíhat .
in 1998 , i visited central asia &apos;s former soviet republics for talks--concerning the democratic development that was--or should have been--taking place in those newly independent countries .
in 1998 , i visited the former soviet republic of central east to hold talks about the development of democracy , which took place in the newly independent countries - or had to take place .
in 1998 , i visited the former soviet republic of the middle east in order to conduct talks on the development of democracy , which took place in the newly independent countries - or should take place .

navíc , pokračující oslabování eura znovu rozdmýchalo obavy , že německá finanční stabilita bude podkopána spojenectvím se zeměmi , kde není ani špetky tradice zdravé měny .
moreover , the euro &apos;s continued softness has rekindled fears that german financial stability is being undermined by partnership with countries with no tradition of sound money .
moreover , the continued weakening of the euro has once again dispelled the fear that the german financial stability will be undermined by the allies with countries where there is no trace of the tradition of a healthy currency .
in addition , the continued weakening of the euro has once again disrupted the concern that german financial stability will be undermined by the allies with countries where the traditional currency is not a sham of the traditional currency .

oznámením o realizaci časové vzdáleného systému národní protiraketové obrany vyvolaly spojené státy americké politický rozruch , k němuž nyní musí zaujmout správný postoj . v opačném případě budou škody rozsáhlé .
by announcing its determination to go ahead with a distant nmd , the us has created political turbulence which it must address now if major damage is to be avoided .
by announcing the implementation of the timetable for the national anti-missile defence system , the united states of america has created a political dimension to which it must now adopt the right position ; otherwise , the damage will be extensive .
by announcing the implementation of a timeframe system of national anti-missile defence , the united states of america has created a political distribution that must now take the right position .

kritici na druhé straně poukazují na fakt , že dnešní svět je chudý : průměrný roční hdp na hlavu vyjádřený paritou kupní síly činí zhruba 7000 dolarů .
on the other hand , critics point out that the world today is poor : average annual gdp per capita at purchasing power parity is roughly $ 7,000 .
on the other hand , critics point to the fact that today &apos;s world is poor : average annual gdp per head expressed by parking power is around 7000 dollars .
on the other hand , criticisms show the fact that today &apos;s world is poor : the average annual gdp on the head expressed by parking power is around 7000 dollars .

někteří členové rady bezpečnosti <unk> zejména rusko a čína <unk> se stavějí proti nařízenému urovnání nebo jsou vůči němu skeptičtí , a jen málo vlád upřednostňuje dělení území dalšího státu , jakkoliv jsou okolnosti přesvědčivé .
some members of the security council -- particularly russia and china -- are opposed to or <<unk>> tical of an imposed settlement , and few governments favor dividing up another country &apos;s territory , however compelling the circumstances .
some members of the security council , in particular , have come to russia and china has been opposed to an orchestrated settlement or are sceptical about it , and few governments only prefer to allocate the territory of another state , whatever circumstances are convincing .
some members of the security council , particularly russia and china , are opposed to the established settlement or are sceptical , and only few governments prefer the allocation of the territory of another state , any circumstances are convincing .

v iráku usa použily sílu jako poslední možnost , a to proti zemi se zřetelně agresivní minulostí a poté , co se značnou měrou vytvořil mezinárodní konsenzus o tom , co měl irák udělat .
in iraq , the us used force as a last resort , against a country with a clear record of aggression , and after a large degree of international consensus had developed about what iraq needed to do .
in iraq , the us has used force as the last option , against a country with a clear aggressive past , and after a significant currency has created an international consensus on what iraq should do .
in iraq , the united states used the strength as the last option , and this is clearly an aggressive past against the country and , after a significant consensus was created by the international consensus on what iraq had to do .

skeptikové nicméně varují , že masmédia diktují hlasům , které slyšíme , a racionální debata je zajímá méně než snaha vyhovět oblíbeným předsudkům .
<<unk>> tics , however , warn that the mass media dictate the voices we hear and are less interested in reasoned debate than in catering to popular prejudices .
however , sceptics warn that the mazeo and the voices that we hear , and rational debate are interested less than trying to meet the favourite prejudices .
however , the sceptical sceptics have warned that the masterdic voices we hear , and the rational debate is less interested than trying to comply with the popular prejudices .

rada by se měla stát výslovně zodpovědnou za , , lidskou bezpečnost &quot; a měla by se - vedle své současné role při zajišťování mezinárodní bezpečnosti v tradičnějším pojetí - stát zodpovědnou za její ochranu .
the council should be made explicitly responsible for &quot; human security &quot; and be given a responsibility to protect it , in addition to its current role in safeguarding more traditional notions of international security .
the council should become expressly responsible for , human security , and should - alongside its current role in ensuring international security in a more traditional concept - become responsible for its protection .
the council should become explicitly responsible for , human security , and should - alongside its current role in ensuring international security in a more traditional concept - become a state responsible for its protection .

díky množstevním úsporám , které umožnil společný trh , dokázala nokia plně využít své invence , zatímco německý siemens se nedávno rozhodl opustit trh s mobilními telefony .
due to the economies of scale that the common market made possible , nokia was able to exploit its inventions fully , while germany &apos;s siemens recently decided to give up on the mobile phone market .
thanks to the quantitative austerity that enabled the common market , nokia has managed to make full use of its invitation , while the german siemens has recently decided to abandon the mobile telephone market .
thanks to the quantitative austerity that has enabled the common market , nokia has been able to make full use of its invitation , while the german siemens has recently decided to leave the mobile telephone market .

to mnohé pozorovatele vedlo k přemítání nad faktem , že nejbohatší stát světa je všeobecně v oblasti zahraniční pomoci nejlakomější <unk> což je ještě zřetelnější ve srovnání se sumou , již utratí za válčení a obranu .
this led many observers to reflect on the fact that the world &apos;s richest country was in general the most miserly in foreign assistance -- all the more so in comparison to the amount it spends on war and defense .
this has led many observers to relocate over the fact that the richest state of the world is generally the most commonly in foreign aid for the most comfortable in comparison with the summit , which has already been spent on war and defence .
many observers have led to the relocation of the fact that the richest state of the world is generally the most commonly in the area of foreign aid , which is even more evident in comparison with the summits , which has already been spent on war and defence .

někteří lidé tvrdí , že je to tak špatně , protože dávají přednost stání ve frontách před systémem založeným na ceně a obávají se , že vyšší ceny ohrozí budoucí publikum tím , že z něj vyřadí mladé lidi .
some argue that this is a bad thing , because they prefer queuing to the price system and fear that higher prices will compromise future audiences by excluding young people .
some people claim that it is so badly , because they give priority to confrontation in front of the price system and fear that higher prices are at risk of future publicity by getting young people out of it .
some people say that it is so wrong , because they give priority to the confrontation in front of the system based on price and fear that higher prices are threatening the future publication of publishing young people out of it .

nejde o to , že by na pořadu dne byl konec evropské měnové unie ; dochází pouze k tomu , že lidé začali přemýšlet o málo pravděpodobných , leč možných budoucích scénářích , při nichž by konec emu na pořad dne mohl přijít .
it is not that the end of european monetary union is on the agenda ; it is merely that people have begun thinking about possible low-probability futures in which the end of emu might be placed on the agenda .
it is not about the fact that the end of the european monetary union is on the agenda ; it is only for people to start thinking about a little likely , a future scenario in which the end of the day could come .
it is not about the fact that it would be the end of the european monetary union on the agenda ; it is only the case that people have started to think of little likely , a possible scenario of future scenarios , at the end of the day , could come to the agenda .

výsledná zjištění naplnila úžasem dokonce i nás samotné jakožto odpůrce irácké války , neboť konzervativní až umírněné odhady se pohybovaly od necelého bilionu po více než dva biliony dolarů .
even we , as opponents of the war , were staggered by what we found , with conservative to moderate estimates ranging from slightly less than a trillion dollars to more than $ 2 trillion .
the results of the results of the findings have been met by the amazon , even as the opponents of the iraqi war , because conservative and moderate estimates have been moving from the tune of more than two trilogue dollars .
the results of the findings have been carried out by the amazing , even as the opponents of the iraqi war itself , because conservative and moderate estimates have been located from the whole tron to more than two triners of the dollar .

v příštích třech týdnech učiní izraelská armáda bezprecedentní krok : místo aby bránila zemi proti vnějším nepřátelům nebo terorismu , bude evakuovat <unk> v případě nutnosti silou <unk> devět tisíc izraelců z jejich domovů .
in the next three weeks , the israeli army will do something unprecedented : instead of defending the country against external enemies or terrorism , it will evacuate -- by force if necessary -- 9,000 israelis from their homes .
in the next three weeks , the israeli army will take an unprecedented step : instead of defending the country against external enemies or terrorism , it will evacuate itself in the case of the need for the approval of nine thousand israeli israelis from their homes .
in the next three weeks , the israeli army will make an unprecedented step : instead of preventing the country from outside or terrorism , it will be evolving in the case of the need for nine 000 israelis from their homes .

rozhodnutí vojenského soudu usa , jenž zprostil viny dva americké vojáky , kteří loni v červnu obrněným transportérem omylem přejeli a usmrtili dvě korejské školačky , vyvolalo napříč celou zemí bouři nevole a vlnu demonstrací .
the acquittal by a us military court of two american soldiers who accidentally killed two korean schoolgirls with their armored car last june triggered street demonstrations across the country .
last june , the decision of the military court of the us guilty of two american soldiers , who , last june , passed the transporter of yoma and killed two korean schools , caused storm storms and the wave of demonstrations across the entire countries .
in june last year , the decision of the us military court , which caused two american soldiers guilty of two american soldiers , who , in june last year , lived the transnistrian transnistria and killed two korean schools , caused a whole across the countries of the storm and wave of demonstrations .

uvažme následující omračující fakt : společně s několika sesterskými <unk> halovými <unk> obchody ( target , best buy a home depot ) wal-mart tvoří zhruba 50 % tolik vynášeného amerického náskoku v růstu produktivity oproti evropě během posledních deseti let .
consider the following stunning fact : together with a few sister &quot; big box &quot; stores ( target , best buy , and home depot ) , wal-mart accounts for roughly 50 % of america &apos;s much vaunted productivity growth edge over europe during the last decade .
we are considering the following outrageous fact : together with a number of seasonal hatred , the shops ( the holder , the brother and the nine-mart ) , around 50 % of the exhaustive us in productivity growth in europe over the last ten years .
we are considering the following omissions : together with a number of semi-slaughter retailers ( bet and mr deput ) , around 50 % of the hidden american multiply in productivity growth in productivity in europe over the last ten years .

základní intuice jana pavla ii. je nicméně správná : postkomunistický svět - na východě i na západě - se nachází v duchovní krizi a papež chce tímto světem otřást , aby si uvědomil důležitost vyšších hodnot .
but john paul ii &apos;s basic intuition is correct : the postcommunist world--east and west--is in spiritual crisis , and the pope wants to shake it into <<unk>> ing the importance of higher values .
however , it is right : the post-communist world - both in the west and in the west - is in the dual crisis and the beijing wants to shake this world in order to realise the importance of higher values .
however , it is right : the post-communist world - both in the east and in the west - is in the spirit of the dual crisis and the pain of the pain of the world , and it wants to shake this father to recognise the importance of higher values .

nejenže se začátek jeho funkčního období shoduje s jednou z nejnebezpečnějších epizod na korejském poloostrově za posledních několik desetiletí ; jeho prezidentská funkce bude navíc i dosud nejnáročnější zkouškou jihokorejských vztahů se spojenými státy .
the beginning of his term not only coincides with one of the most dangerous episodes on the korean peninsula in decades , but his presidency will also test south korea &apos;s relations with the us to a degree that has not been seen for many years .
it is not only that the start of his term of office coincides with one of the most dangerous episodes from the korean peninsula over the last few decades ; its presidential function will , moreover , be the most difficult test of south korean relations with the united states .
the beginning of its term of office is agreed with one of the most dangerous epidemic in the korean peninsula over the last few decades ; his presidential function will , moreover , be the most difficult test of south korea relations with the united states .

do doby konání příštích řádných voleb může vyjít najevo , že pro schröderovu politiku neexistovala žádná skutečná alternativa , a dokonce to může dopadnout i tak , že se v té době již projeví předpokládaný přínos bolestných reforem .
by the time of the next regularly scheduled election , it could become clear that there were no real alternatives to schröder &apos;s policies , and it could even be the case that the predicted beneficial effects of painful reforms will become apparent by then .
there is no real alternative to this until the next ordinary elections have been held in order to show that , for schröder policy , there has been no real alternative , and it may even affect the fact that , at that time , the anticipated benefits of painful reforms have already been shown .
there is no real alternative for the future elections to take place until the next ordinary elections , that there is no real alternative for the schröder policy , and even this may affect the fact that the prominent benefits of the painful reforms have already been foreseen at that time .

nejhor<unk> ¡ ã <unk> situace by naopak nastala , kdyby schrã <unk> der kvůli krã ¡ tkodobã <unk> mu volebnã <unk> mu ãºspěchu sklouzl zpã ¡ tky k populismu a mã <unk> nte<unk> postup schvã ¡ lil ve snaze u<unk> ¡ etřit raněnou sociã ¡ lně demokratickou du<unk> ¡ i naprostã <unk> ho zoufalstvã <unk> .
in the worst case , schröder will lapse back into populism for the sake of short-term electoral success , and müntefering will confirm that method so as to save the wounded social democratic soul from total despair .
on the contrary , the hook of the worst hoologist would have come as a result of the obstruction of the obstruction of the situation , it would have been hoped by the obscurriculum if , due to the blockade of copenhagen , the election habit of a habit of rumble to the populism of populism and mmnschng were to have , in an attempt to impose an obstruction of the obscene , in order to rule of excellence , it was only democratiguous to have a democratic spirit of full and despeclous of complete a complete the full democratic spirit of association .
on the contrary , the slogan of the spurious assassinations of the situation would have been a matter of sentiment to the saturday , if the influx of the blockade of the bloodshed for the vicious twelve of the twelsh twelsh of the twelfenko , of the embassy of the embassy of the embassy of the emailol of the saturday , the fact that it was forgestily forcing a strong democratic soul of a fabdust for a fring-up to the saturday and saturday .

jde nám ovšem o strukturovanou spolupráci - to znamená , aby některé evropské státy mohly dále prohlubovat obranyschopnost - , neboť nejsme ochotni připustit , aby si obezřetnější a váhavější hráči vynutili opakování balkánské tragédie 90. let , kdy evropané jednat nedokázali a američané se ( po jistou dobu ) neodhodlali .
but we want structured co-operation - meaning that some european states may press ahead in defense capacity - because we are not prepared to let the more cautious and hesitant dictate a recurrence of the balkan tragedy of the 1990 &apos;s , when europeans couldn &apos;t act and americans wouldn &apos;t ( for a while ) .
however , this is about structured cooperation - that is to say , some european states could further deepen the defence capacity - because we are not willing to allow the prudent and more hesitant wound of the balkan tragedies , when the europeans have not been able to negotiate for 99-year time ( after the european states ) , we are not prepared to admit that we are not prepared to play a more prudent and more prudent or recurring or ending the tragedy of the 1990s , when europeans were unable to negotiate with the europeans and to negotiate with the americans and to negotiate with the post-europe ( after a certain period of time ( after the time for europe ) .
however , this is a structured cooperation - some of the european states , in order to further deepen the ability - because we are not willing to allow the more prudent and ridiculous years of the balkans , when europeans have failed to act in a structured manner - to further deepen the european states - because we are not prepared to allow us to recognise the more prudent and reluctant years of the balkans , when they were unable to act for the years to act and resolute by the united states ( the united states of america ) .

jak dokládá zpráva organizace spojených národů the <unk> predicament ( zveřejněná česky pod názvem nerovnosti rostou mezi lidmi i státy ) , jen málokterá země , ať bohatá , či chudá , se ukázala jako imunní vůči globálnímu trendu narůstající nerovnosti či jeho důsledkům pro školství , zdravotnictví a sociální péči .
as surveyed in the united nations report the inequality predicament , few countries , rich or poor , have proved immune to the global trend of rising inequality , or to its consequences for education , health , and social welfare .
the united nations report shows , as the report by the united nations ( the publication of poverty between people and the member states ) , which is only a rich country , a poor and poor , has shown itself to be a global trend towards the growing trend of the inequalities of its education and education inequalities .
as the united nations report shows the publication of the united nations ( publicity of the inequalities in human beings ) , which only a rich country , as well as a poor trend towards global trends , as demonstrated by the report by the united nations .

