válka by ovšem měla alespoň nějaký smysl .
still , the war would then at least make some sense .
however , the war should at least make some sense .
however , the war should at least make some sense .

tady nejde o stranickou záležitost .
this is not a partisan issue .
this is not a party matter here .
this is not a party issue here .

tato taktika může fungovat .
that tactic may be working .
this tactics can work .
this tactics can work .

v západní evropě ovšem nikoliv .
in western europe , it did not .
but not in western europe .
however , not in western europe .

rozhodně ne .
absolutely not .
certainly not .
certainly not .

protože se nad touto otázkou ani na okamžik nezamyslel .
because he has not thought about the question for one moment .
because he did not think at the moment about this issue or the moment .
because it did not think about this issue or at the moment .

pro politiky je ovšem snadné být ve věci měnové politiky nezodpovědný .
but it &apos;s easy for politicians to be irresponsible about monetary policy .
it is , however , easy to be irresponsible for monetary policy .
however , it is easy for politics to be irresponsible for monetary policy .

argumenty pro zastupitelskou formu vládnutí tak zůstávají silné .
so the case for representative government remains strong .
the arguments for the representative form of government remain so strong .
the arguments for a representative form of governance remain so strong .

rozvojové země již mohutně investovaly do dětí .
developing countries have already invested heavily in children .
developing countries have already invested in children .
developing countries have already invested heavily in children .

světová obchodní organizace je vzorovým příkladem .
the world trade organization is a case in point .
the world trade organisation is a model example of this .
the world trade organisation is a model example .

evropané si ale musí přiznat , že tito jedinci představují nepočetnou menšinu .
but europeans must admit that these individuals represent a small minority .
however , europeans must admit that these individuals represent a disgraceful minority .
however , europeans must admit that these individuals represent an unknown minority .

zároveň jsou však často zveličovány a rozhodně nejsou nepřekonatelné .
however , they are often exaggerated and certainly not insurmountable .
at the same time , however , they are often sidelined and are certainly not insurmountable .
at the same time , however , they are often overwhelming and are certainly not insurmountable .

volání po větším počtu referend tento trend odráží a zároveň přiživuje .
the call for more referenda both reflects and fuels this trend .
the call for a greater number of referendums reflects this trend , while at the same time admitting it .
the call for a greater number of referendums reflects this trend and , at the same time , is liable .

a tento rok se výše zmíněná diskrepance dále zvětší .
this year the discrepancy will likely be larger .
this year , the aforementioned discrepancy has increased further .
this year , and this year , the aforementioned discrepancies have gone further .

čtvrté tvrzení bude na obou stranách předmětem divoké propagandy .
the fourth claim will be subject to wild propaganda on both sides .
the fourth statement will be on both sides the subject of wilderness propaganda .
the fourth claim will be the subject of wilderness propaganda on both sides .

politické napětí mezi usa na jedné straně a evropou a ruskem na straně druhé tedy lze uklidnit .
so political turmoil with russia and europe might be calmed .
political tensions between the us on the one hand and europe and russia , on the other , can be reassured .
political tension between the us on the one hand and europe and russia , on the other , can be reassured .

( bushova akademická erudovanost přitom pochopitelně nikdy nebyla příliš působivá . )
( of course , bush &apos;s academic credentials were never very impressive . )
of course , the bush academia has never been too impressive .
( bush academics has , of course , never been too impressive ) .

proto počínání bushovy administrativy fakticky posiluje dynamiku virtuálního teroristického podniku .
that is why the bush administration &apos;s actions actually strengthen the virtual terrorist enterprise dynamic .
this is why , starting with the bush administration , it effectively strengthens the dynamism of a virtual terrorist undertaking .
therefore , starting the bush administration &apos;s administration effectively strengthens the dynamism of the virtual terrorist enterprise .

ať už byly důvody ameriky jakékoliv , později se rozumně rozhodla připojit se k úsilí osn .
whatever america &apos;s motive , it later wisely decided to join the un effort .
whenever there were any reasons for america , then they decided to join the un in a reasonable manner .
whether the reasons for america have been any longer , it has decided to join the un &apos;s efforts in a reasonable manner .

v centru této diskuse stojí takzvaná doktrína <unk> zodpovědnosti chránit <unk> .
at the center of this debate is the so-called doctrine of the &quot; responsibility to protect . &quot;
at the centre of this debate , the so-called doctrine is to take a stand of responsibility to protect it .
in the centre of this debate , the so-called doctrine is a substitute for the responsibility to protect them .

ba co hůř , mohla by nálada na trhu nemovitostí brzy vést k poklesu cen ?
worse still , could the mood in housing markets soon lead prices in downward ?
what is worse , could the scourge in the property market soon lead to a fall in prices ?
what is worse , could it lead to a fall in the price market soon ?

žel bohu , globální oteplování zřejmě zničí právě některé ze zemí , jež zpustošilo cunami .
sadly , global warming will likely destroy some of the same countries ravaged by the tsunami .
it has done so , global warming seems to destroy precisely some of the countries that have devastated the bases .
he was bold , global warming seems to destroy precisely some of the countries that raped the cup .

po pěti letech vojenského snažení však strategie cílené na jednotného agresora pouze zhoršily situaci .
yet after five years of military exertions , strategies based on targeting a united aggressor have only made the situation worse .
however , after five years of military effort , the strategy targeted at the single aggression has only exacerbated the situation .
however , after five years of military efforts , the strategy targeted at a single aggression has only exacerbated the situation .

trvalý odpor veřejnosti vůči postupnému růstu inflace přitom není nikterak samozřejmý .
continued public opposition to a gradual increase in inflation is not guaranteed .
the permanent resistance of the public to the gradual growth of inflation is not self-evident .
meanwhile , the permanent resistance of the public to the gradual growth of inflation is not obvious .

slabá fiskální pozice zase podkopává důvěru investorů , což má zřetelné dopady na hospodářský růst .
the weak fiscal position has in turn undermined investors &apos; confidence , with obvious implications for economic growth .
once again , the weak fiscal position undermines the confidence of investors , which has a clear impact on economic growth .
in turn , the weak fiscal position undermines the confidence of investors , which has a clear impact on economic growth .

ekonomové tyto cyklické fiskální vzpruhy označují jako , , automatické stabilizátory<unk> <unk> .
economists call these cyclical fiscal boosts <<unk>> <<unk>> automatic stabilizers . &apos; &apos;
economists describe these cyclical fiscal patterns as , automatic stabilisers have come to the full .
the economist of these cyclical fiscal models describe as , automatic stabilisers .

ubohé výsledky německé ekonomiky nejsou žádným imaginárním přeludem , ale jasně doložitelnou skutečností .
germany &apos;s poor economic performance is not imaginary but a matter of record .
the painful results of the german economy are no veterinary reluctance , but clearly a delicate reality .
the painful results of the german economy are not any kind of reluctance , but clearly a lively reality .

orbán přitom ale není jediný , kdo ve vyvolávání vzpomínek dávných duchů vidí volební výhodu .
but orban is not alone in seeing electoral advantage in summoning the memories of old ghosts .
yet orbán is not the only one who sees electoral benefits in the remembrance of the spirits .
however , the orbán is not the only one who , in the provocation of the memories , sees the electoral advantage .

jedním z problémů je to , že postihy za zanedbání bezpečnosti léčiv buď neexistují , nebo jsou minimální .
one problem is that the consequences for neglecting drug safety are non-existing or minimal .
one of the problems is that sanctions for neglecting the safety of medicines do not exist either or are minimal .
one of the problems is that the penalties for neglecting the safety of medicines either do not exist or are minimum .

více než polovina schválených léčiv vyvolává vážné negativní reakce , o nichž se během regulačního schvalování neví .
more than half of all approved drugs produce a serious adverse reaction that is not known at the time of regulatory approval .
more than half of the approved medicines are causing serious negative responses , which are not known during the regulatory approval procedure .
more than half of the approved medicines are causing a serious negative response that does not know during the regulatory approval .

indie potřebuje vytvářet motivaci k většímu přílivu přímých zahraničních investic , které by pohltily přebytek výrobní kapacity národního hospodářství .
india needs to attract higher fdi inflows to help soak up the economy &apos;s excess capacity .
india needs to create motivation to increase the influx of foreign direct investment , which would absorb the surplus of the production capacity of the national economy .
india needs to create a motivation to a greater influx of direct foreign investment , which would cross the production capacity of the national economy .

hodnoty a zájmy nejmladších členských států eu se ve většině otázek kryjí s hodnotami a zájmy 15 dřívějších členů .
the values and interests of the eu &apos;s newest member states coincide in most ways with those of the 15 earlier members .
the values and interests of the youngest member states of the eu are covered by the values and interests of 15 earlier members in most of the questions .
the values and interests of the youngest member states of the eu are covered in most of the issues with values and interests of 15 previous members .

před američany je další otázka : co dělat , až se fenomén halových obchodů vyčerpá ?
for americans , there is the additional question of what to do when the big-box store phenomenon has run its course .
another question to the americans is : what do they do when the phenomenon of hill shops is exhausted ?
before the americans , there is another question : what is it going to do when the phenomenon of hurricane is exhausted ?

převážná část ceny jakéhokoliv produktu v současnosti podporuje obří a neefektivní organizaci , která tento produkt smontovala .
at present , most of the price of any product supports the huge , inefficient organization that assembled it .
a large proportion of the price of any product currently supports the municipalities and ineffective organisation that sent this product to smonut .
the overwhelming part of the price of any product currently supports the municipal and ineffective organisation , which sent this product .

dvacet let pokusů aplikovat na rozvojový svět neoliberální ekonomickou politiku přineslo silně neuspokojivé výsledky .
two decades of applying neoliberal economic policies to the developing world have yielded disappointing results .
twenty years of attempts to apply to the developing world of neoliberal economic policy have resulted in unsatisfactory results .
twenty years of attempting to apply to the developing world of neoliberal economic policy has brought very unsatisfactory results .

to je vsak totéž jako podávat pacientovi antidepresivum dříve , než propadne sebevražedným sklonům .
it is like putting a patient on prozac before he becomes suicidal .
this is the same as giving patients an anti-deprez earlier than the suicide of suicide .
this is the same as submitting a patient against anti-depressness earlier than a suicide of suicide .

má-li mít mezinárodní intervence věrohodnou šanci na úspěch , je zapotřebí mít již od počátku stanovena jasná kritéria , co vlastně <unk> úspěch <unk> znamená .
if an international intervention is to have any credible chance of success , clear criteria for what constitutes &quot; success &quot; are needed from the start .
if the international intervention is to have a credible chance of success , it is necessary to have clear criteria from the beginning , and what , in fact , has been a success story .
if international intervention is to have a credible chance of success , it is already necessary to have clear criteria since the beginning of the beginning , which actually includes a success .

tyto ukazatele samozřejmě hrají při vysvětlování pohybů na trhu bydlení legitimní roli , ale pro pochopení nedávných konjunktur jednoduše nepostačují .
of course , these indicators do have a legitimate role to play in explaining housing markets , but they are simply not adequate to account for the recent booms .
of course , these indicators play a legitimate role in explaining the movements in the housing market , but they simply do not help to understand the recent junta .
of course , these indicators play a legitimate role in explaining the movements in the housing market , but they simply do not have enough to understand the recent junta .

vědí , jak během argumentace <unk> přikládat pod kotel <unk> výčtem důvodů , proč oni mají pravdu a ostatní se mýlí .
they know how to stoke momentum in an argument by multiplying reasons why they are right and others are wrong .
they know how , during the argument , they have come under the aegis for reasons why they are right and others are wrong .
they know how , during the argument , they are adding under the coast for reasons why they are right and others are wrong .

nejsou sice přímo pandemií , již vzorec jejich prudkého šíření připomíná , ale jejich nástup není ani zcela neškodný .
they are not quite the pandemic that their explosive growth pattern resembles , but nor is their emergence completely benign .
although they are not directly pandemic , the formula of their sharp dissemination reminds them , they are not even completely harmful .
although they are not directly pandemic , they are already spreading their sharp dissemination , they are not completely harmful .

klíčovým sporným bodem je konkrétně otázka , do jaké míry jsou staré členské státy ochotny platit pozvednutí méně rozvinutých ekonomik nových členů .
in particular , the central issue is how far the old member states are willing to pay to boost the less developed economies of the new members .
the key point is specifically the question of what extent the old member states are willing to pay the sidelines of the less developed economies of new members .
the key issue is , in particular , the question of what extent the old member states are willing to pay for fewer developed economies of new members .

jelikož koncepty lidských práv i nadále zůstávají v plenkách , nelze doufat v nic lepšího , než že se pomalu začnou dostávat do povědomí .
because concepts of human rights remain rudimentary , the best that can be hoped for is that awareness will slowly begin to take hold .
since the concept of human rights continues to remain in plenary , there can be nothing better than slowly getting into awareness .
as human rights concepts continue to remain in plenary , nothing can be hoped in better than they are slowly going to get into awareness .

kandidátské země svou část dohody dodržely , když dosáhly takového stupně obchodní integrace s členskými zeměmi eu , že je dokonce vyšší než u mnoha současných členů .
the accession countries have upheld their end of the bargain , achieving a degree of trade integration with eu countries that is even higher than many current members .
a candidate country has respected part of the agreement when it reached such a degree of trade integration with eu member states , that it is even higher than many of the current members .
the candidate country has respected its part of the agreement when it reached such a degree of trade integration with eu member states that it is even higher than many of the current members .

realisté poukazují na to , že v dlouhém souboji mezi životním prostředím a technikou zatím , jak se zdá , technika prohrává .
realists observe that in the long race between the environment and technology , it appears that technology has so far been losing .
the reality point to the fact that , in the long fight between the environment and the technical nature of the techniques , the techniques seem to be performed .
the realities show that , in the long term , the environment and the techniques seem to be a technical one .

snad jedinými lidmi , kteří si z plíživého autoritářství v rusku nedělají těžkou hlavu , jsou samotní rusové .
indeed , about the only people who are unconcerned about creeping authoritarianism in russia are the russians themselves .
perhaps the only people who do not make a mining authoritarian in russia a mining head are themselves .
perhaps the only people who , from full authoritarian authoritarianism in russia , do not make a difficult head are the russians themselves .

je paradoxní , když kandidátským zemím dělají přednášky o kompromisu mezi nominální a skutečnou konvergencí představitelé ecb a evropské komise .
it is ironic that the candidate countries are being lectured to by officials at the ecb and the european commission on the trade-off between nominal and real convergence .
paradoxically , it is paradoxical that candidate countries are making a pre-compromise between the nominal and real convergence of the ecb and the european commission .
it is paradoxically paradoxical when candidate countries are making proposals for a compromise between the nominal and genuine convergence of the ecb and the european commission .

spojené státy , taktéž oběť ohavného útoku , se cítí vtaženy do světa , ale nikoliv proto , aby prosazovaly obdobný model spolupráce .
the us , also victim of a horrendous attack , feels drawn to the world but not to promote a similar model of cooperation .
the united states , such as the victim of a hate attack , feels to the outside of the world , but not to promote a similar model of cooperation .
the united states , as well as the victims of a hasty attack , is felt to the world , but not to promote a similar model of cooperation .

zkoumá se nejdůležitější opatření k posílení důvěry <unk> úprava dohody o protibalistických raketových střelách , která by povolovala omezenou protiraketovou obranu .
the most important of confidence-building measures , a modification of the abm-treaty to allow for limited missile defense , is being explored .
it examines the most important measures to strengthen confidence in the adoption of an agreement on anti-grassroots rockets , which would authorise limited anti-missile defence .
it examines the most important measures to strengthen confidence in the adoption of an agreement on anti-capitalist rockets , which would allow limited anti-missile defence .

politici vědě nerozumějí a jen zřídkakdy se obracejí na vědce a inženýry se žádostí o radu při řešení důležitých otázek .
politicians don &apos;t understand science , and rarely seek the advice of scientists and engineers in addressing major issues .
politicians do not understand science and rarely look to scientists and engineers to ask the council to address important issues .
politicians do not understand the science and only rarely when they turn to science and engineering applications to the council when dealing with important issues .

ještě protivnější je ale fakt , že francie ( jen si představte , francie ! , až je slyšet sténání ) si vede mnohem lépe než německo .
even more irksome is the fact that france ( france ! you can almost hear the groans ! ) is doing so much better than germany .
it is even more profound , but the fact that france - just imagine , france ! , when it is heard , is much better than germany .
it is even more prominent , but the fact that france ( just imagine , france !

bez nich by bylo skutečně těžké naplňovat zásadní aspekty zahraniční politiky usa , od obchodní politiky , přes politiku o nešíření jaderných zbraní , až po politiku ochrany životního prostředí .
indeed , it would be difficult to carry out critical dimensions of us foreign policy-from trade to non <<unk>> proliferation to environmental policy-without them .
without them , it would really be difficult to fulfil the fundamental aspects of the us foreign policy , from trade policy , through the non-proliferation policy , when it comes to environmental protection policy .
without them , it would really be difficult to fulfil the fundamental aspects of the us foreign policy , from trade policy , despite the policy on non-proliferation of nuclear weapons , only after environmental protection policy .

je tomu padesát let , co 25. dubna 1953 james watson a francis crick publikovali krátký dopis ve vědeckém časopise nature .
fifty years ago , on april 25 , 1953 , james watson and francis crick published a short letter in the science magazine nature .
it is fifty years since , on 25 april 1953 james watson and francis cricis published a short letter in a scientific timeframe .
this is fifty years , as 53 james watson and francis pieck published a short letter in the scientific timeframe .

pozorovatelný difrakční obraz - tedy intenzita a pozice jednotlivých odrazů - představuje ale jen polovinu údajů potřebných k odvození struktury objektu způsobujícího ohyb .
but the observable diffraction pattern--the intensities and positions of the individual reflections--represents only half of the data needed to deduce the structure of the diffracting object .
an observance of the racial picture - that is , the intensity and position of individual discourages - but it represents only half of the data needed to revoke the structure of the object caused by the anthem .
the observatory picture - that is , the intensity and position of individual discourages - is only half of the data needed to postpone the structure of the ancient anthem .

pokoušet se za těchto okolností o jednání by nebylo jen přehlídkou marnosti , ale mohlo by to na obou stranách pouze prohloubit odcizení a podezíravost .
to attempt negotiations under these circumstances would not only be an exercise in futility , but may merely deepen alienation and suspicion on both sides .
in these circumstances , it would not only be a disregard for marriage , but it could only deepen and suspicion on on both sides .
in these circumstances , trying to look at the negotiations would not only be overlooked , but it could only deepen the delay and suspicion on both sides .

není tedy překvapením , že uváděná částka 500 miliard dolarů opomíjí doživotní invaliditu a výdaje na zdravotní péči , které vláda bude muset v nadcházejících letech platit .
so it is no surprise that its figure of $ 500 billion ignores the lifetime disability and healthcare costs that the government will have to pay for years to come .
therefore , it is not surprising that the amount of 500 billion dollars ignore the life invasion and expenditure on healthcare , which the government will have to pay in the coming years .
therefore , it is not surprising that the amount of 500 billion dollars are neglected by the lives of humanity and expenditure on health care , which the government will have to pay in the coming years .

a přesto žádná země , bohatá ani chudá , nemá chuť snižovat svou spotřebu energie v obavách , že by tím ohrozila pracovní místa , příjmy a hospodářský růst .
yet no country , rich or poor , is keen to cut its energy use , owing to concern that to do so would threaten jobs , incomes , and economic growth .
yet none of the countries , rich or poor , have no poverty in reducing their energy consumption in fear that it would jeopardise jobs , incomes and economic growth .
however , and yet no country , rich nor poor , does not have the poor to reduce its energy consumption in fear that it would jeopardise jobs , incomes and economic growth .

ale snazší proto , že jakmile jsou tyto příčiny vhodně zaměřeny , mohou relativně jednoduché politické změny přinést enormní ekonomický výtěžek a zahájit pozitivní cyklus růstu a institucionálních reforem .
but it is easier because once those constraints are appropriately targeted , relatively simple policy changes can yield enormous economic payoffs and start a virtuous cycle of growth and institutional reform .
however , it is easier to understand that , once these causes are appropriately targeted , relatively simple political changes can bring about enormous economic difficulties and start a positive cycle of growth and institutional reforms .
however , it is easier because , once these causes are properly focused , they can bring relatively simple political changes to enormous economic difficulties and start a positive cycle of growth and institutional reforms .

pokud jde o eu , ta se musí rozhodnout , zda chce být uzavřeným <unk> křesťanským klubem &quot; , anebo otevřenou a přístupnou společností , která čerpá sílu z kulturní a náboženské rozmanitosti .
as for the eu , it must decide whether it wants to be a closed &quot; christian club &quot; or an open and inclusive society , drawing strength from cultural and religious diversity .
as far as the eu is concerned , it must be decided whether it wants to be a closed christian club &apos; , or an open and accessible company that exhausts from cultural and religious diversity .
as far as the eu is concerned , it must decide whether it wants to be a closed christian club &apos; , or an open and accessible society , which is exploiting the strength of cultural and religious diversity .

to by vyžadovalo navýšení investic do výzkumu a vývoje v oblasti energií , jež by přinesly zlepšení technologií <unk> což je proces , který je nezbytné podpořit silnějším partnerstvím mezi veřejným a soukromým sektorem .
this would require increasing investments in energy research and development for new and improved technologies -- a process that needs to be supported by stronger public-private partnerships .
this would require an increase in investment in research and development in the field of energy , which would bring about an improvement in technology , a process that is necessary to support a stronger partner between the public and private sector .
this would require an increase in investment in research and development in the area of energy , which would bring about an improvement in technology , a process that is essential to support a stronger partnership between public and private sectors .

ať už wal-mart milujete , nebo nenávidíte , jedna věc je nepopiratelná , totiž že wal-mart je typickým příkladem kladů a záporů moderní globalizace .
love them or hate them , what is undeniable is that wal-mart is the quintessential example of the costs and benefits of modern globalization .
you love to love , or you hate , one thing is undeniable , namely that wal-mart is a typical example of the deposits and portations of modern globalisation .
whether you are wallis , or you are hatred , one thing is undeniable , namely that wal-mart is a typical example of the depositors and slaughter of modern globalisation .

nejistota ohledně změn globálního klimatu by nás spíše měla vést k tomu , abychom proti nim dělali více , než kdybychom na základě centralizovaných projekcí věděli , jak přesně se budou dále vyvíjet .
in fact , uncertainty about global climate change should lead us to do more to guard against it than if we knew it would proceed exactly according to the central-case projections .
we should rather lead us to do more against them than to know , on the basis of centralised projects , how exactly they are going to evolve .
rather , the uncertainty about the change in global climate change should lead us to do more against them than , on the basis of centralised projects , we know how exactly they will develop .

dříve tyto hodnoty povzbuzovaly boj proti nacistickému a sovětskému totalismu , fašismu a vojenským diktaturám ; v jejich jménu bylo dosaženo dekolonizace a menšiny získaly rovnoprávnost a důstojnost .
such values animated the fight against nazi and soviet totalitarianism , fascism , and military dictatorship ; in their name , decolonization was achieved , and minorities gained equality and dignity .
previously , these values have encouraged the fight against nazi and soviet totalitarianism , fascism and military dictatorships ; in their name , decolonisation and minorities have acquired equality and dignity .
previously , these values have encouraged the fight against nazi and soviet totalitarianism , fascism and military dictatorships ; in their name , decolonisation and minorities have obtained equality and dignity .

celých 20 let se mi tedy zdálo , že podloží politické rovnováhy západní evropy <unk> korporativní vyjednávání a rozsáhlé sociální pojištění na jedné straně a přísné monetární politiky na straně druhé <unk> se musí rozpadnout .
so , for 20 years it has seemed to me that western europe &apos;s underlying political equilibrium -- corporatist bargaining and ample social insurance , on the one hand , and tight monetary policies , on the other -- must crack .
therefore , for 20 years , it seemed to me that the political balance of western europe has been given to the western europe &apos;s corporation negotiations and large-scale social insurance , on the one hand , and strict monetary policy on the other hand , has to be dispelled .
therefore , for 20 years , it seemed to me that it underlines the political balance of western europe of the crackdown of negotiations and large-scale social insurance , on the one hand , and strict monetary policy on the other , must be included .

v evropě teď existuje nebývale vysoká míra solidarity , což jasně ukázal kolektivní zármutek a projevy účasti směřované španělsku . na tomto ohromném potenciálu musíme stavět , abychom vybudovali logiku světové solidarity .
an unprecedented degree of solidarity now exists across europe , as was apparent in the collective mourning and outpouring of sympathy towards spain ; we must build on that huge potential to create a logic of solidarity in the world .
there is now an unprecedented level of solidarity in europe , which has clearly shown collective restraint and speeches in spain , and we must build on this enormous potential in order to build the logic of global solidarity .
there is now a high level of solidarity in europe , which has clearly shown collective concepts and speeches aimed at spain , and we must build on this enormous potential to build the logic of global solidarity .

například přehnaně podlézavá připomínka desetiletého výročí úmrtí prezidenta françoise mitterranda ve francii odráží zejména všeobecnou deziluzi z jeho nástupce jacquese chiraka .
in france for example , the overly flattering commemoration of president françois mitterrand &apos;s death ten years ago primarily reflects widespread disillusion with his successor , jacques chirac .
for example , the exaggeration of the 10-year anniversary of the death of president françois mitterrand in france reflects , in particular , the general depression from his successor jacques chiras .
for example , the overlap of the 10-year anniversary of the death of president françois mitterrand in france reflects , in particular , the general deillusion of his successor , jacques chiras chiras .

jak by mohl potvrdit herbert hoover , když se zahledíme pouze na hospodářské problémy minulé generace , riskujeme , že si nepovsimneme toho , co nám leží přímo před očima .
as herbert hoover could attest , when we see only the economic policy problems of a generation ago , we risk missing the hazards that lie directly in front of our eyes .
as herbert hotels could confirm , when we look only at the economic problems of the past generation , we risk not compromising what lies directly before our eyes .
as herbert is able to confirm , when we look only at the economic problems of the last generation , we risk not getting the one that we do not want to see what is directly ahead of our eyes .

jde ovšem o výjimky : úhrnným dopadem těchto reforem za posledních 25 let je silnější nerovnost ve většině vyspělých i rozvojových zemí , společně s rostoucí nezaměstnaností , většími rozdíly ve výdělcích , sníženou sociální ochranou a degradací životního prostředí .
but they are exceptions : the cumulative impact of these reforms over the past 25 years has been greater inequality in most developed and developing countries , with rising unemployment , greater earnings disparities , reduced social protection , and environmental degradation .
however , this is an exception : the wonderful impact of these reforms over the last 25 years is stronger inequality in most developed and developing countries , along with increasing unemployment , greater disparities in earnings , reduced social protection and environmental degradation .
however , this is an exception : the imminent impact of these reforms over the last 25 years is stronger inequalities in most developed and developing countries , together with increasing unemployment , greater differences in earnings , reduced social protection and degradation of the environment .

vzhledem k jejich vynucenému masovému exodu v roce 1999 a následné intervenci nato , která ukončila tamní srbskou vládu a vytvořila kvazistát pod správou osn , se pro ně cokoliv jiného než nezávislost stalo nepřijatelným .
their forced mass exodus in 1999 and nato &apos;s subsequent intervention , which ended serbia &apos;s rule and established a quasi-state under un administration , has made anything other than independence intolerable .
given their forced exposure to morocco in 1999 and the subsequent intervention by nato , which brought an end to the serbian government and created a hate state under the un administration , anything else has become unacceptable for them .
in view of their forced mass exile in 1999 and the subsequent intervention of nato , which ended the serbian government and created a haste under the un administration , it has become unacceptable for any other than its independence .

demokracie si dnes skutečně nezadá s popkulturou plnou rychle pomíjejících vrtochů ; dnešní popová skupina vyvolávající hysterii je zítra zapomenuta a v zákulisí neustále čekají další .
indeed , democracy nowadays has embraced a pop culture of rapidly passing fads ; today &apos;s hysteria-generating pop group is forgotten tomorrow , and there are always more waiting in the wings .
indeed , today , democracy is not admitting to the culture of the full rapid conspiracy of the tigers ; today &apos;s contempt to the hysterical hysteria group is being forgotten tomorrow , and in the backs of cuba , they are still waiting for more .
today , democracy does not really have full of the cultivation of the cultivation of a full spectacular surface ; today &apos;s pocket group is forgotten tomorrow tomorrow , and there are still further waiting for more .

je zřejmé , že svými slovy i osobním příkladem papež tento svět rozvrací : svět by si totiž přál žít v hojnosti a pohodlí , zatímco papež nám připomíná , že musíme žít také v důstojnosti .
indeed , by his words and example , the pope disrupts the world : it wants to live in wealth and comfort ; he reminds us that we must also live in dignity .
it is clear that , in its words as well as the personal example of the beijing of this world , the world would like to live in pregnancy and comfort , while the pope reminds us that we also need to live in dignity .
it is clear that , in my words , it is also a personal example of the pockets of this world : the world would , in fact , wish to live in holiness and comfort , while the papest reminds us that we must also live in dignity .

již pouhou silou svého přesvědčení a osobnosti mohou tyto postavy , domnívají se mnozí z nás , dobývat vítězství a vnášet jiskřičku naděje do jinak odtrženého a odosobněného prostředí .
by sheer force of conviction and personality , such figures , many of us believe , can carry the day , bringing a glimmer of hope to an otherwise detached and impersonal universe .
many of us believe that the window of hope is already a force for their convictions and personalities can be built , they believe that many of us , good victories and inspire the glorification of hope to a different end and separated environment .
many of us believe that vigorous victories and people can already be used for their convictions and personalities can believe that many of us , good victories and attract hope of any kind of wind and a personal environment .

navíc přímé roční nemocniční výdaje , jež lze přičíst na vrub nežádoucím účinkům léků , se pohybují v miliardách dolarů a to nezahrnuje strádání , jež tyto účinky vyvolají , nevede-li toto strádání k hospitalizaci ( nebo smrti ) .
moreover , the direct annual hospital costs attributable to adr &apos;s run into the billions of dollars , and this does not include all the suffering that adr &apos;s cause that does not lead to hospitalization ( or death ) .
moreover , direct annual hospital expenditure , which can be attributed to rubbbbbbish undesirable effects of medicines , is moving in billions of dollars , and this does not involve the guardians that they call these effects , if we do not raise this guidance to digitisation ( or death ) .
moreover , the direct annual hospital expenditure , which can be added to the hesitation of the effects of medicines , is moving in billions of dollars , and this does not include the guardian of these effects , which are not voicing this guardian to distress ( or death ) .

evropa by však měla rovněž reflektovat své vlastní počínání včetně obchodní politiky , kde eu systematicky pracuje na vychýlení rovnováhy celosvětového obchodního režimu v neprospěch rozvojových zemí , a to i přes sliby , že tyto nerovnovážnosti budou ve stávajícím kole obchodních jednání napraveny .
but europe should also reflect on its own practices , including trade policy , where the eu works systematically to unbalance the global trade regime against developing countries , despite promising that those imbalances would be corrected in the current round of trade negotiations .
however , europe should also reflect its own actions , including trade policy , where the eu is systematically working to balance the global trade regime in favour of developing countries , despite the promises that these imbalances will be corrected in the current round of trade negotiations .
however , europe should also reflect its own activities , including trade policy , where the eu is systematically working to balance the global trade regime for the benefit of developing countries , despite promises that these imbalances will be corrected in the current round of trade negotiations .

u témat , jako je terorismus , šíření zbraní , írán , afghánistán ( kde společně vedeme výcvik budoucí armády země ) a afrika ( kde francouzské iniciativy s americkou podporou nedávno úspěšně stabilizovaly pobřeží slonoviny a kongo ) , hovoří evropa a usa jednotným hlasem .
on issues such as terrorism , weapons proliferation , iran , afghanistan ( where we jointly train the country &apos;s future army ) , and africa ( where french initiatives with american support recently succeeded in stabilizing côte d &apos;ivoire and congo ) , europe and the us speak with a common voice .
on issues such as terrorism , proliferation of weapons , iran , afghanistan ( where we jointly conduct an exercise in the future army of the country ) and africa ( where the french initiative with american support has recently successfully stabilised côte d &apos;ivoire and congo ) , europe and the us speak with one voice .
as regards issues such as terrorism , the proliferation of weapons , iran , afghanistan , afghanistan ( where we are working together towards the future army of the country ) and africa ( where the french initiatives with america have recently stabilised the côte d &apos;ivoire and congo ) have successfully stabilised the côte d &apos;ivoire ) , europe and the us with a single voice .

podobně i platby za zabité vojáky dosahují pouhých 500 000 dolarů , což je mnohem méně než standardní odhady celoživotních ekonomických nákladů úmrtí , které se někdy označují jako statistická hodnota života ( 6,1 až 6,5 milionu dolarů ) .
similarly , payments for those who are killed amount to only $ 500,000 , which is far less than standard estimates of the lifetime economic cost of a death , sometimes referred to as the statistical value of a life ( $ 6.1 to $ 6.5 million ) .
just 500 000 dollars , which are far less than standard estimates of life-saving costs , which are sometimes described as the statistical value of life ( 6.6..5 million dollars ) , are being flourished by only 500 000 dollars , which is much less than the standard estimates of the living of lifelong economic deaths , which are sometimes described as the statistics value of life ( 6.6.6.5 million dollars ) .
there are only 500 000 dollar dollars , which is much less than a standard estimate of living costs , which are sometimes described as a statistical value of life ( 6.1 to 6.5 million dollars ) .

když byla například uvolněna nová třída léků proti bolesti nazývaná inhibitory cox-2 , regulační úřady , lékaři ani pacienti nevěděli , že tyto léky mohou způsobovat infarkty a mozkové příhody .
for example , when the new class of painkillers called cox-2 inhibitors was introduced , regulators , physicians , and patients were unaware that these drugs could cause heart attacks and strokes .
for example , when a new class of drugs was released against the pain of boleh called the inhides cox 2 , the regulatory authorities , doctors and patients did not know that these drugs could cause inflation and motorways of the tyrants .
for example , the new three-class medicine against boards called cox-2 , cox-2 , doctors , doctors and patients did not know that these medicines may cause inflation and motorways .

vzhledem k potřebě vyvracet argumenty proti přijetí turecka do eu bývají jen zřídkakdy zmiňovány jeho výhody : jedinečná geopolitická poloha země na křižovatce balkánu , jižního kavkazu , střední asie a blízkého východu - vesměs oblastí životně důležitých pro bezpečnost evropy - ; role turecka jakožto významné tranzitní země pro dodávky energie ; jeho vojenská kapacita v době , kdy eu formuluje novou evropskou obrannou politiku ; a také obrovský potenciál turecké ekonomiky s jeho mladou a dynamickou pracovní silou .
the need to refute arguments against turkey &apos;s admission to the eu leaves the advantages rarely mentioned : its unique geopolitical position at the crossroads of the balkans , southern caucasus , central asia , and the middle east - vitally important regions for europe &apos;s security ; its role as mayor transit country for energy supplies ; its military capabilities at a time when the eu is developing its new european defense policy ; and the great potential of the turkish economy , with its young and dynamic labor force .
in view of the need to reverse the arguments against turkey &apos;s accession to the eu , only rarely dismissed its advantages : a unique geopolitical location of the country in the corner of the balkans , the south caucasus , central asia and the middle east - a mixture of vital areas for europe &apos;s security - the role of turkey as a major transit country for energy supply ; its military capability at a time when the eu formulates a new european policy ; and also the enormous potential of the turkish economy and its younger and labour economy .
in view of the need to reverse the arguments against turkey &apos;s adoption into the eu , its advantages are only disappeared : the unique geopolitical location of the country in the crossroads , the south caucasus , the central caucasus , central asia and the middle east - with the vital areas for security of europe - turkey ; a transit role as a significant country for energy supply ; its military capacity in the eu , when the new european defence policy is formulated ; and also the huge potential for the turkish economy and its dynamic labour economy .

v obavách , že by bushova administrativa mohla v otázce nákladů na válku v iráku uvádět veřejnost v omyl , stejně jako ji uvedla v omyl v otázce iráckých zbraní hromadného ničení a souvislosti s al-káidou , spojil jsem se s rozpočtovou expertkou lindou bilmesovou z harvardovy univerzity a společně jsme se začali tímto tématem zabývat .
concerned that the bush administration might be misleading everyone about the iraq war &apos;s costs , just as it had about iraq &apos;s weapons of mass destruction and connection with al qaida , i teamed up with linda bilmes , a budget expert at harvard , to examine the issue .
i am concerned that the bush administration could mention the public in iraq on the cost of the war in iraq , just as he said on the issue of iraqi weapons and al-qaeda , i have been involved in the budgetary meltles of experts , with regard to the cost of war in iraq , and we have started to deal with the issue of iraqi weapons and al-qaeda , along with the al-qaeda , with the budgetary meal meal experts , with the idtmeal meal hardry of the iest university , and together with the university of iraq , we began to deal with this topic .
in the concerns that the bush administration could mention the public in iraq &apos;s cost , just as it said in the case of iraqi weapons and al-qaeda , in the case of the war in iraq , the public in the same way in which i said it was in the case of the iraqi weapons of iraqi weapons and al-qaeda , i was able to deal with the budget diesel , and i was able to deal with this vicious debate on the war .

reakce institucí eu , jmenovitě evropské centrální banky ( ecb ) a evropské komise , však byla až dosud negativní : kandidátským zemím se dostalo sdělení , že nejprve musí strávit nejméně dva roky v mechanismu směnných kurzů ( erm ii ) , kde se od uchazečů o zavedení eura očekává , že prokážou životaschopnost své politiky .
but the response from eu institutions , namely the european central bank and the european commission , has been negative : candidate countries were told that they first must spend at least two years in the european exchange rate mechanism ( erm ii ) , where euro aspirants are expected to prove their policy mettle .
however , the european central bank ( ecb ) , and the european commission , has , until now , been a negative message : it has received the message that it has to spend at least two years in the exchange mechanism ( esii ) , namely the introduction of the european central bank ( ecb ) , namely the european central bank ( ecb ) , and the european commission ( ecb ) , but the european commission has , until now been negative : it has received from the candidate countries that it has to first had to spend two years at least two exchange rate mechanisms ( ufabric ) , where it is expected to lose sight of the euro policy by the euro .
however , the european central bank &apos;s response , namely the european central bank ( ecb and the european commission , was still negative : the communication has been given to the least two years of the exchange mechanisms ( where the euro area ) has been demonstrated , since the implementation of the eu institutions , namely the european central bank , the european central bank ( ecb and the european commission ) , but it has so far been negative to the candidate countries : it has been received a communication that it must first have to spend two years in the euro area ( where it is expected to be for the introduction of the euro area ) , since the implementation of the reception policy of the revitalised .

po pádu komunismu však před janem pavlem ii. a jeho církví vyvstal jiný problém : jakým jazykem mohou být evangelické hodnoty formulovány ve světě , v němž není zlo vtěleno do určitého politického systému , nýbrž rozptýleno mezi jednotlivé duše ?
with communism gone , however , the problem confronted by john paul ii and his church today is this : in what language can evangelical values be articulated in a world where evil is not incarnated in a political system but is diffused in individual souls ?
however , following the collapse of communism , john pavikis , and his feelings have been raised : can the language of the angelika be formulated in a world where there is no political system , not a different political system , but one of which is a different : can it be a language in the world , in which it is not a sort of political system , but a different system of a different spirit , but one that is indifferent ?
however , what is there to be a different problem in the river , but is it going to be a different problem in the world , which is not voiced in a number of political values in which there is no distinction between the community after the josé of communism , but its destination and its destination : is it a different problem : how can the linguistic values in the world be formulated in which a different political system is not formulated in a different political system ?

