vor ort haben sich ebenfalls dramatische wirtschaftliche änderungen ergeben .
local economic change has been equally dramatic .
there have also been dramatic economic changes on the ground .
there have also been dramatic economic changes on the ground .

europa hat sich auf eine einheitliche handelspolitik geeinigt .
europe has agreed to a single trade policy .
europe has agreed on a single trade policy .
europe has agreed on a single trade policy .

man bemüht sich schon diskret darum .
such efforts are getting discretely underway .
that is what we are trying to do .
that is what we are trying to do .

was kann also getan werden ?
so what can be done ?
so what can be done ?
so what can be done ?

nein , überhaupt nicht !
heavens , no !
no , no !
no , no , no !

die vorgehensweise des
the technique of
the approach of the procedure
the approach of the procedure

warum sagt er dann , er sei ein leidenschaftlicher europäer ?
so why does he say he is a passionate pro-european ?
why does he say that he is a passionate europeans ?
why does he say that he is a passionate european ?

droht den eigenheimpreisen das schicksal eines kartenhauses ?
are housing prices a house of cards ?
is there any threat to domestic prices to the fate of a career house ?
is it threatening the fate of a career house at home prices ?

sein verschwinden hätte folgen für alle anderen waffenkontrollvereinbarungen .
its disappearance would affect all other arms control agreements .
its disappearance would have consequences for all other arms control agreements .
any other arms control agreements would have been followed up .

diesen fehler begingen die sowjets kein zweites mal .
it was a mistake the soviets would not make again .
the soviet union has not begun a second time .
this mistake was not the case for the soviet union .

ähnliche befürchtungen scheinen die europäischen entscheidungsträger zu lähmen .
twin fears appear to be paralyzing european policymakers .
similar fears seem to affect european decision-makers .
similar fears appear to be the european decision-makers .

russlands frühes &quot; njet &quot; dürfte nicht das letzte wort gewesen sein .
russia &apos;s early &quot; nyet &quot; may not be the last word .
russia &apos; njet &apos; should not have been the last word .
russia &apos;s spring &apos; njet &apos; should not have been the last word .

insgesamt ist die kluft der ungleichheit jedoch groß , und in vielen fällen wächst sie .
overall , however , the inequality gaps are large and , in many cases , growing .
overall , however , the gap between inequality is great , and in many cases it is growing .
overall , however , the gap of inequality is large , and in many cases it is growing .

man denke etwa an nokia , den produzenten von mobiltelefonen .
think of nokia , the mobile phone maker .
think of nokia , the producers of mobile phones .
we are thinking about nokia , the producers of mobile phones .

die europäische solidarität kann und wird die vernachlässigung dieser menschen nicht überleben .
european solidarity cannot and will not survive their neglect .
european solidarity cannot and will not survive the neglect of these people .
european solidarity can and will not survive the disregard of these people .

daher wäre es für indien verfrüht , die kapitalkonten unmittelbar freizugeben .
hence it would be premature for india to open up its capital account immediately .
it would therefore be premature for india to release the capital accounts immediately .
it would therefore be premature for india to release the capital accounts immediately .

dabei gäbe es praktische lösungen , denn bestimmte probleme lassen sich mit einfachen und preiswerten technologien bewältigen .
yet practical solutions are at hand , because simple and low-cost technologies can address specific problems .
there would be practical solutions , because certain problems may arise with simple and price technologies .
there would be practical solutions , because certain problems can be dealt with by simple and price technologies .

hier kann vertrauen nur durch eine von den usa gesuchte annäherung an china aufgebaut werden .
here confidence can only be built through the approach taken by the us to china .
confidence in china can only be built through a rapprochement between the united states .
we can only build trust in china by means of a rapprochement between the united states .

es ist nicht garantiert , dass die öffentlichkeit weiterhin gegen eine schrittweise steigerung der inflationsrate ist .
continued public opposition to a gradual increase in inflation is not guaranteed .
it is not guaranteed that the public is still opposed to a gradual increase in inflation .
it is not guaranteed that the public continues to fight against a gradual increase in inflation .

eine einzige dürre kann das wachstumspotenzial über einen längeren zeitraum um 10 % senken .
a single drought can cut growth potential by 10 % over an extended period .
a single drought can reduce growth potential by 10 % over a longer period .
a single drought can reduce growth potential over a longer period of 10 % .

nur die nächsten tage und wochen werden zeigen , ob die räumung friedlich abläuft .
only the next days and weeks will tell whether the evacuation proceeds peacefully or not .
only the next few days and weeks will show whether the clearance is peaceful .
only the next few days and weeks will show whether the clearance is peaceful .

eine führung braucht die zeit , um neben populären auch unpopuläre entscheidungen treffen und umsetzen zu können .
leadership needs time to take and implement unpopular decisions as well as popular ones .
leadership needs time in order to be able to take and implement unpopular decisions alongside populist leaders .
a leadership needs time to be able to take decisions and implement , alongside populous popularity .

in einem land entschied der präsident unverzüglich , einen , wegen verschwörung angeklagten mann freizulassen .
in one country , the president immediately decided to free a man accused of plotting a coup .
in a country , the president decided immediately to release a man who was accused of sluggish .
in a country , the president immediately decided to release a man who was accused .

doch ist auf kurze sicht die volle konvertierbarkeit seiner kapitalkonten nicht im interesse indiens .
but , in the near term , full capital account convertibility is not in india &apos;s interest .
however , in the short term , the full confusion of its capital accounts is not in the interest of india .
however , in the short term , the full consumption of its capital accounts is not in the interests of india .

schließlich erfordert technischer fortschritt zugleich eine gute staatsführung , die kräfte des marktes , effektive universitäten und vieles mehr .
after all , technological advance also requires good governance , market forces , effective universities , and more .
finally , technical progress also requires good governance , market forces , effective universities and much more .
finally , technical progress at the same time requires good governance , the forces of the market , effective universities and much more .

bedauerlicherweise gibt es noch keine anzeichen , dass dieses problem in washington als ein ernsthaftes erkannt wird .
regrettably , there are no indications yet that the problem is recognized in washington as a serious one .
unfortunately , there are still no signs that this problem is recognised as a serious one in washington .
unfortunately , there is still no sign that this problem in washington is recognised as a serious one .

jetzt beruft er sich auf diese verfassung , um einen volksentscheid über seinen verbleib im amt zu verhindern .
now he invokes that charter to block calls for a plebiscite on his continuation in office .
now he refers to this constitution in order to prevent a referendum on his stay in office .
now he refers to this constitution in order to prevent a referendum over his own office .

derartiger individualismus passt weder zu den leninistischen noch zu den traditionellen chinesischen verhaltensvorschriften für einen hohen funktionär .
such individualism fit neither leninist nor traditional chinese proscriptions for behavior by a high official .
individual alism does not respect the leninist nor the traditional chinese code of conduct for a high functioning .
such individuals do not fit to the leninist or the traditional chinese code of conduct for a high standard of practice .

realisten beobachten allerdings , dass im langen wettbewerb zwischen umwelt und technologie bis jetzt immer letztere das nachsehen hatte .
realists observe that in the long race between the environment and technology , it appears that technology has so far been losing .
realism , however , has seen that in the long competition between the environment and technology , the latter has always been able to see that .
however , it is clear that in long competition between the environment and technology , the latter have always seen the latter .

ihre oberste priorität ist die finanzierung unmittelbar anstehender probleme und der für die gegenwart versprochenen sozialleistungen .
their priority is paying for immediate problems , and for today &apos;s promised benefits .
their top priority is the financing of immediate problems and the social benefits that have been promised for the present .
their top priority is the financing of immediate problems and the social benefits promised for the present .

aus diesem grund sollten sich die diskussionen über reform des sicherheitsrates weniger auf dessen zusammensetzung als auf seine mission konzentrieren .
this is why debates about reforming the security council should focus not on changing its composition , but on its mission .
for this reason , discussions on the reform of the security council should focus less on its composition than on its mission .
for this reason , discussions on the reform of the security council should focus less on its composition than on its mission .

vorstellungen von &quot; kollektiver schuld &quot; wurden beiseite geschoben , weil sie keinen platz in einem vereinten und vereinenden europa haben .
notions about &quot; collective guilt &quot; were put aside as having no place in a united and uniting europe .
ideas of &apos; collective guilt &apos; have been postponed because they do not have a place in a united and united europe .
ideas of &apos; collective blame &apos; have been abandoned because they have no place in a united and united europe .

die fehlende opposition hat aber zu ihrer korruption geführt , sie teilten sich in verschiedene gruppen , die jetzt keine gemeinsame sprache finden können .
however , lack of a strong opposition corrupted the political right , which splintered into various groupings that cannot find a common language .
however , the lack of opposition has led to its corruption , divided into various groups that cannot now find a common language .
however , the lack of opposition has led to its corruption , it was in various groups that cannot now find a common language .

ohne über das jahr 2012 hinausgehende regulierungsmaßnahmen würden sich nach 2006 / 2007 keine gelegenheiten für projektgebundene transaktionen mehr ergeben .
without a regulatory framework beyond 2012 , the window of opportunity for initiating project-based transactions will close by 2006 / 2007 .
without the year 2012 , regulatory measures would no longer arise after 2006 / 2007 for project transactions .
without the regulatory measures taken by 2012 , after 2006 / 2007 , there would be no longer any opportunities for project transactions .

nun jedoch müssen die regierungen über investionen in die kinder hinausgehen und beginnen , die neue generation junger leute zu fördern .
but now governments must go beyond investments in children and begin supporting the new generation of young people .
however , governments must now go beyond invitations to children and begin to promote the new generation of young people .
however , now the governments must go beyond the invaluation of children and begin to promote the new generation of young people .

wir wissen , dass der irak irgendwann über chemische und biologische waffen verfügte , weil die usa sie dem irak verkauften .
we know that iraq at one time possessed chemical and biological weapons , because the us sold them to iraq .
we know that iraq had at some point over chemical and biological weapons , because the united states sold it to iraq .
we know that iraq has at some time been subject to chemical and biological weapons , because the united states sold them to iraq .

dies gilt insbesondere in fällen , wo menschliches leid durch einen innergemeinschaftlichen konflikt verursacht wird , so wie es im kosovo der fall war .
this is especially true where human suffering is caused by communal conflict , as was the case in kosovo .
this is particularly true in cases where human suffering is caused by an internal community conflict , as was the case in kosovo .
this applies particularly in cases where human suffering is caused by an internal community conflict , as was the case in kosovo .

nur auslandsinvestitionen zu ermutigen oder alles zu liberalisieren und dann zu warten , dass sich etwas tut , reicht nicht aus .
encouraging foreign investment or liberalizing everything and then waiting for things to improve does not work .
to encourage foreign investment or to liberalise everything and then wait for something to happen is not enough .
it is only to encourage foreign investment or to liberalise everything and then wait for something to be done , not enough .

rentner gehören zu den mächtigsten lobbys in einer demokratie und politiker scheuen davor zurück , sie mit derart grundsätzlichen fragen zu konfrontieren .
pensioners are among the most powerful lobbies in a democracy , and politicians are loath to confront them on so fundamental an issue .
pensioners belong to the most powerful lobbies in a democracy and politicians are afraid of facing such fundamental issues .
pensioners are among the most powerful lobbies in a democracy and politicians to reject them with such fundamental issues .

diejenigen , die den einsatz von geschworenen beschränken wollten , fürchteten offenbar in manchen fällen ein risiko für die staatsicherheit .
those who wanted to limit the use of juries supposedly feared a risk to state security in some instances .
in some cases , those who wanted to limit the use of sophisticated people seem to have a risk to state security .
in some cases , those who wanted to restrict the use of those who wanted to be used have apparently threatened a risk to state security in some cases .

sie waren bisher zweifellos großartig für amerikas handelspartner ; auf wal-mart allein entfallen über 10 % aller us-importe aus china .
they have certainly been great for america &apos;s trading partners ; wal-mart alone accounts for over 10 % of all us imports from china .
they have , without doubt , been a great deal for america &apos;s trading partners ; on wal-mart alone , over 10 % of all us imports from china alone .
they have , without doubt , been great for latin america ; on wal-mart alone , over 10 % of all us imports from china .

der handel könnte potentiell ein positivsummen-spiel sein , bei dem alle länder gewinnen , wenn sie ihren komparativen vorteil ausnutzen .
trade is potentially a positive-sum game , with all countries benefiting by exploiting their areas of comparative advantage .
trade could be potentially a positive environment in which all countries gain benefit if they exploit their comparative advantage .
trade could be potential for a positive consumption game in which all countries can win if they exploit their compensation .

jede us-außenpolitik muss interessen und werte miteinander vereinen , weil die amerikanische öffentlichkeit immer darauf besteht , dass die ziele des landes mit dessen idealen übereinstimmen müssen .
any us foreign policy must combine interests and values , because the american public always insists that us national objectives be linked to national ideals .
every us foreign policy must unite interests and values , because the american public always insists that the country &apos;s objectives must be consistent with its ideologies .
every us foreign policy must unite interests and values , because the american public always insist that the country &apos;s objectives must be consistent with its ideals .

das sowjetreich wurde niedergerungen und osteuropa befreit , aber nicht von der uno , sondern von der mutter aller koalitionen , der nato .
the soviet empire was wrestled to the ground , and eastern europe liberated , not by the un but by the mother of all coalitions , nato .
i was liberated by the soviet union , but not by the un , but by the mother of all coalitions , nato .
i have been liberated by soviet and eastern europe , but not by the un , but by the mother of all coalitions , nato .

so unwahrscheinlich das angesichts des tief verwurzelten säkularismus in der türkei auch ist , gänzlich auszuschließen ist ein derartiges risiko nicht .
unlikely as it may be in view of turkey &apos;s deeply rooted secularism , such a risk cannot be totally excluded .
in the face of the deeply rooted secular secular secular arism in turkey , it is quite likely that such a risk is not excluded .
in the light of the deep nature of secularism in turkey , it is not entirely possible to exclude such a risk .

die grundlegende frage ist , ob die volle wechselkursfreigabe netto einen höheren zustrom oder abfluss von kapital anregen wird .
the fundamental question is whether full convertibility will encourage higher net inflows or outflows of capital .
the fundamental question is whether the full exchange rate of exchange rates will encourage a higher influx or flow of capital .
the fundamental question is whether the full exchange rate of exchange rates will encourage a higher influx or flow of capital .

am allerwenigsten fürchten investoren offenbar , dass eine hohe verschuldung regierungen veranlassen könnte , die inflation durch das drucken von mehr geld zu schüren .
at the very least , investors clearly do not fear that high debt will lead governments to stoke inflation by printing more money .
it seems to me that the least favoured investors are afraid that a high level of debt could cause governments to increase inflation by eating more money .
most least investors seem to fear that a high debt could lead governments to letting inflation out of more money .

dennoch hat sie es versäumt , die art von führung auszuüben , die nötigt ist , um eine neue weltordnung auf der grundlage von prinzipien wie gerechtigkeit zu schaffen .
yet it has failed to exercise the kind of leadership needed to create a new world order based on principles like fairness .
nevertheless , it has failed to exercise the kind of leadership that is necessary to create a new world order based on principles such as justice .
however , it has failed to exercise the kind of leadership required to create a new world order based on principles such as justice .

tatsächlich haben derartige wirtschaftsreformen sogar die wachstumsraten in weiten teilen der welt sowie die fortschrittliche rolle der regierung geschwächt , während sie ansonsten die ungleichheit insgesamt steigerten .
indeed , in much of the world , such economic reforms have actually undermined growth rates as well as the progressive role of government , while otherwise increasing overall inequalities .
in fact , such economic reforms have even weakened growth rates in large parts of the world , as well as the progressive role of the government , while they otherwise increased inequality as a whole .
in fact , such economic reforms have even weakened growth rates in large parts of the world , as well as the progressive role of the government , while they otherwise increased inequality as a whole .

regierungen ohne die angemessene fähigkeit , den privaten sektor in ihrem lande zu führen , werden die dinge wahrscheinlich eher verderben als die zuteilung knapper ressourcen verbessern .
governments without adequate capacity to exercise leadership over their private sectors are likely to mess things up rather than improve allocation of resources .
governments without the appropriate ability to lead the private sector in their country , things will probably improve rather than the allocation of scarce resources .
governments without the appropriate ability to lead the private sector in their country will probably improve things rather than the allocation of scarcity resources .

es ist eine andere sache , wenn das europäische projekt bedeutet , dass französischen arbeitern von polnischen klempnern , rumänischen landwirten und türkischen verkäufern konkurrenz gemacht wird .
it is another when the european project means that french workers face competition from polish plumbers , romanian farmers , and turkish shop clerks .
it is another matter if the european project means that french workers from polish plumbers , romanian farmers and turkish sales are being competition .
it is another thing if the european project means that french workers from polish trees , romanian farmers and turkish sales are being competitive .

die gefährlichsten dieser staaten sind diejenigen , die über chemische , biologische oder atomare massenvernichtungswaffen verfügen , die nicht hunderte oder tausende , sondern hunderttausende töten können .
the most dangerous of these states are those that possess weapons of mass destruction , the chemical , biological , and nuclear weapons that can kill not hundreds or thousands but hundreds of thousands .
the most dangerous of these states are those who have chemical , biological or nuclear weapons of mass destruction , which cannot kill hundreds or thousands , but hundreds of thousands .
the most dangerous of these states are those who have chemical , biological or nuclear weapons of mass destruction , which cannot kill hundreds or thousands of thousands , but hundreds of thousands of people .

in anderer hinsicht ist es allerdings vorteilhaft so zu denken , als stünden regierungen unter einander im wettbewerb - nämlich , in dem sie ihrem volk wirksamere dienstleistungen bieten als andere regierungen .
in another sense , however , it is valuable to think of governments as being in competition--providing a more effective service to their people than other governments .
in other respects , however , it is beneficial to think as if governments were in competition , namely , where they offer their people more effective services than other governments .
in other respects , however , it is useful to think as if governments were to compete in each other - in which they offer more effective services to their people than other governments .

dies führt mich zu einem weiteren schlüsselpunkt : eine praktikable ausstiegsstrategie ist ebenso wichtig für den erfolg jeder zukünftigen humanitären intervention wie die einstiegsstrategie .
this brings me to another key point : a workable exit strategy is just as important to the success of any future humanitarian intervention as the entry strategy .
this brings me to another key point : a practical exit strategy is just as important for the success of any future humanitarian intervention , such as the one-off strategy .
this leads me to another key point : a workable strategy is equally important for the success of every future humanitarian intervention , such as the one-stop strategy .

genauso wie die bürger in einer demokratie ständig dazu lernen , wie sie einfluss nehmen können , lernen demokratische regierungen ständig , wie sie trotz der mitbestimmungsversuche ihre vorhaben durchsetzen können .
just as citizens in a democracy continuously learn to participate , democratic governments continuously learn how to get their way despite the participation .
just as the citizens of a democracy are constantly learning how they can influence , democratic governments are constantly learning how they can implement their projects , despite their co-determination .
just as the citizens in a democracy are constantly learning how they can influence , democratic governments are constantly learning how they can implement their projects , in spite of the attempts made by co-decision making .

diese bücher ( und die von ihnen aufgezeigten trends ) werden , was die übernahme moderner management-techniken angeht , zunehmend undogmatischer und ausgereifter .
these books ( and the trends they indicate ) are becoming less dogmatic and increasingly sophisticated in the adoption of modern management techniques .
these books ( and the trends they have highlighted ) will become increasingly dogmatic and hasty in terms of the adoption of modern management techniques .
these books ( and the trends that you have highlighted ) will become increasingly dogmatic and egg in terms of the adoption of modern management techniques .

experten , die es auf die meinungsseiten der zeitungen oder ins fernsehen oder radio geschafft hätten , müssten eine hohe treffsicherheit aufweisen ; andernfalls hätte man sie ausgesondert .
pundits who make it into newspaper opinion pages or onto television and radio must have good track records ; otherwise , they would have been weeded out .
experts who could have managed to have managed to have a high level of safety on the points of opinion of the newspapers or radio or radio , otherwise they would have been excluded .
experts who would have managed to have managed to have a high degree of safety on the basis of the newspapers or television or radio , otherwise they would have been special .

wenn unsere zivilisation als jedoch wert ist , dass wir sie verteidigen , wie kommt es dann , dass fundamentalisten gleich welcher kulör über die kampfesfreudigsten streiter verfügen ?
but if our civilization is worth defending , why is it that fundamentalists , of whatever stripe , have the most committed fighters on their side ?
however , if our civilisation is worth defending it , how is it that fundamentalists have the most pleasant armed forces ?
however , if our civilisation is worth defending it , how does it mean that fundamentalists have the best armed disputes at the same time ?

eine besondere herausforderung stellen sie in den entwicklungsländern dar , wo es derzeit zu einer demografischen zunahme kommt , die jener der &quot; geburtenstarken jahrgänge &quot; im westen nach dem zweiten weltkrieg entspricht .
they pose a particular challenge in the developing world , where a demographic bulge equal to the great &quot; baby boom &quot; that occurred in the west at the end of world war ii is growing .
it is a particular challenge in the developing countries , where there is at present a demographic increase that is in line with those of the &apos; birth rate &apos; in the west following the second world war .
they are a particular challenge in the developing countries , where there is a demographic increase that is currently in line with those of the &apos; strong birth rate &apos; in the west after the second world war .

als die wähler in frankreich und den niederlanden dem verfassungsentwurf für die europäische union eine abfuhr erteilten , wusste die welt , dass das europäische projekt in großen schwierigkeiten steckte .
when voters in france and the netherlands turned down the proposal for a constitution for the european union , the world knew that the european project was in deep trouble .
as the voters in france and the netherlands , the draft constitution for the european union was divided , the world knew that the european project was in great difficulty .
as the voters in france and the netherlands , the draft constitution for the european union was divided , the world knew that the european project was in great difficulties .

die beurteilung hängt davon ab , ob sie von einem pharmaunternehmen vorgenommen wird , das vom verkauf profitieren wird , oder von einem patienten , der dem risiko schwerwiegender nebenwirkungen ausgesetzt ist .
these judgments vary , depending on whether they are made by a drug company , which stands to benefit from sales , or a patient at risk of suffering a serious adverse effect .
the assessment depends on whether it will be carried out by a pharmaceutical company that will benefit from the sale , or by a patient who is exposed to the risk of serious side effects .
the assessment depends on whether it will be carried out by a pharmaceutical company that will benefit from sale , or by a patient who is exposed to the risk of serious effects .

erfahrungen in den usa haben allerdings gezeigt , dass sich die teilnahme der musikdirektoren am fundraising nicht unbedingt nachteilig auf die künstlerische seite des jobs auswirken muss .
but us experience shows that getting artistic leaders like orchestra music directors to participate in fundraising need not be bad for the artistic side of the job .
however , experience in the united states has shown that the participation of music directors on the fundry must not necessarily have a detrimental effect on the artificial side of the jobs .
however , experience in the united states has shown , however , that the participation of the music directorate must not necessarily have a detrimental effect on the artificial side of jobs .

der druck des totalitarismus formte tatsächlich so außergewöhnliche menschen wie johannes paul ii und alexander solschenizyn , menschen , die ihr glaube aus der verlogenheit und einsamkeit befreite .
totalitarian pressure did , indeed , form exceptional people such as john paul ii and alexander solzhenitsyn , people for whom religious faith bought freedom from mendacity and solitude .
the pressure of totalitarianism was indeed so extraordinary as those of john paul ii and alexander solizyn , people who believe that they were locked and friendly .
the pressure of totalitarianism actually led to such exceptional people as john paul ii and alexander solschengen , people who believe that they have a sense of dignity and spirit .

gleichzeitig müsste die ezb nicht annähernd so weit gehen wie die federal reserve , die die zinsen bei elf aufeinander folgenden sitzungen jeweils schrittweise um 25 basispunkte erhöht hat -- wobei das nicht das ende ist .
at the same time , the ecb does not need to go nearly as far as the fed , which has raised interest rates in increments of 25 basis points at 12 consecutive meetings , with still more to come .
at the same time , the ecb should not go as far as the federal reserve , which has gradually increased interest rates in eleven successive meetings by 25 basic points - and that is not the end .
at the same time , the ecb should not go as far as the federal reserve , which has gradually increased interest rates at eleven different meetings by 25 basic points - and this is not the end .

es wäre ein anfang , der frühzeitigen euroeinführung in den beitrittsländern wohlwollender gegenüberzustehen und zwar sowohl in ländern mit einem currency board als auch in solchen mit fluktuierenden wechselkursen .
they can begin by viewing accession countries &apos; early adoption of the euro more favorably , both for countries with a currency board and for those with floating exchange rates .
it would be a start to face the early introduction of the euro in the candidate countries , both in countries with a board and in such a limited exchange rate .
it would be a start to face the early introduction of euromed in the candidate countries , both in countries with a board and in such a line of exchange rates .

sofern eine humanitäre intervention nicht so strukturiert wird , dass sie grundlegende sicherheit gewährleistet , werden die zugrunde liegenden antagonismen , die die intervention überhaupt erst auslösten , verstärkt und nicht verringert .
unless a humanitarian intervention is structured in such a way that it guarantees basic security , the underlying antagonisms that inspired the intervention in the first place will merely be reinforced , not diminished .
if humanitarian intervention is not structured in such a way that it guarantees fundamental security , the underlying players , who are only the most excluded , will be strengthened and not reduced .
if humanitarian intervention is not structured in such a way that it guarantees fundamental security , the underlying antagonists , which are the most vulnerable to intervention , will be strengthened and not reduced .

auch wenn eine zersetzende unbeweglichkeit eines der markenzeichen des syrischen regimes ist , drohen diese herausforderungen , sich gegenseitig zu verstärken und syrien stärker noch als heute zu marginalisieren .
while corrosive immobility is a trademark of the syrian regime , these challenges threaten to reinforce each other and marginalize syria internationally even more so than today .
even though there is a sophistication of one of the mark of the syrian regime , these challenges are threatening to increase each other and to marginalise syria even more than today .
even if there is a dilution of one of the mark of the syrian regime , these challenges are threatening to increase each other and to increase syria more than today .

dass sharons schlaganfall -- unter dem gesichtspunkt seiner politischen auswirkungen -- mit der ermordung yitzhak rabins verglichen werden konnte , zeigt , dass seine persönlichkeit inzwischen mit hoffnung und sicherheit in verbindung gebracht wurde .
that sharon &apos;s stroke could be compared -- in terms of political consequences -- with the assassination of yitzak rabin demonstrates that his personality had become associated with hope and security .
the fact that the sharcee case - from the point of view of its political impact - was able to be compared with the assassination of yitzhak rabin , shows that his personality has now been linked with hope and security .
the fact that sharks have been able to compared with the murder of yitzhak rabn shows that his personality has now been linked to hope and safety .

unabhängige zentralbanken können gelegentlich eine qual für politiker sein , aber zumindest können sie bei bedarf als sündenböcke präsentiert werden . der politische nutzen dieser rolle übertrifft die kosten für den verlust eines nützlichen werkzeuges .
independent central banks can occasionally be a pain for politicians , but at least they can be used as scapegoats when necessary-a role whose political benefits outweigh the costs of losing control over a useful tool .
independent central banks can sometimes be a quorum for politicians , but at least they can be presented as scapegoats in need of scapegoats , and the political benefit of this role goes beyond the cost of losing a useful product .
independent central banks can sometimes be a quorum for politicians , but at least they can be presented as scapegoat , and the political benefit of this role is the cost of losing a useful product .

die weltbank schätzt , dass bis 2035 drei milliarden menschen , fast alle in den entwicklungsländern , unter starkem wasser-stress leiden werden , besonders wenn sie in afrika , im nahen osten oder in südasien leben .
the world bank estimates that by 2035 , as many as three billion people , almost all of them in developing countries , could live under conditions of severe water stress , especially if they happen to live in africa , the middle east , or south asia .
the world bank estimates that up to 2035 billion people , almost all in developing countries , will suffer from rigid water stress , especially when they live in africa , the middle east or south asia .
the world bank estimates that up to 2035 billion people , almost all in developing countries , will suffer from rigid water stress , especially when they live in africa , in the middle east or in south asia .

es ist prinzipiell nicht klar , warum haushalts- und währungspolitik so unterschiedlich behandelt werden sollen , indem ein bereich vollständig einem unabhängigen verwaltungsapparat überlassen wird , während sich der andere ausschließlich in der hand von politikern befindet .
indeed , as a matter of principle , it is not clear why monetary policy and fiscal policy should be treated so differently , with one completely delegated to a bureaucratic agency and the other completely discretionary and in the hand of politicians .
in principle , it is not clear why budgetary and monetary policy should be treated differently in such a way that an area should be left completely to an independent administrative operation , while the other is exclusively in the hands of politicians .
in principle , it is not clear why budgetary and monetary policy should be treated so differently by leaving an area full of independent administrative action , while the others are only in the hands of politicians .

obwohl sich solche politiker oft als &quot; rechtsgerichtet &quot; bezeichnen , ist ihre politik tatsächlich demagogisch , populistisch oder autoritär , wie zum beispiel die des ehemaligen slowakischen premierministers vladimir meciar .
although such politicians often describe themselves as ``rightist , &apos; &apos; their real policies , such as , for , example , those of former slovak prime minister vladimir meciar , are in fact demagogic populist or authoritarian .
although such politicians often call themselves &apos; legal &apos; , their policy is indeed demagogic , populist or authoritarian , such as the former slovak prime minister vladimir meciar .
although such politicians often describe themselves as &apos; legal &apos; , their policies are indeed demagogic , populist or authoritarian , such as the former slovak prime minister vladimir meciar .

wenn sie in den nächsten 20 jahren weiter so explosiv wachsen , werden die amerikaner eines tages dahin kommen , die verbreitung dieser einkaufszentren als ein spektakuläres beispiel für ihr unvermögen anzusehen , regionale entwürfe für ausgeglichenes wachstum umzusetzen ?
if they continue their explosive growth over the next 20 years , will americans someday come to regard their proliferation as a spectacular example of the failure to adopt region-wide blueprints for balanced growth ?
if you continue to grow so explosive in the next 20 years , will the americans come one day to see the spread of these purchasing centres as a spectacular example of their failure to implement regional proposals for balanced growth ?
if , in the next 20 years , they continue to grow so as to grow , will the americans come to a day to look at the spread of these purchases as a spectacle example for their failure to implement regional proposals for balanced growth ?

einige mitglieder des sicherheitsrates -- insbesondere russland und china -- sind gegen ein auferlegtes abkommen oder stehen diesem skeptisch gegenüber , und wenige regierungen sind dafür , das staatsgebiet eines weiteren landes zu teilen , wie verlockend die umstände auch sein mögen .
some members of the security council -- particularly russia and china -- are opposed to or <<unk>> tical of an imposed settlement , and few governments favor dividing up another country &apos;s territory , however compelling the circumstances .
some members of the security council - in particular russia and china - are opposed to a legally imposed agreement or are sceptical about it , and few governments are in favour of sharing the territory of another country , such as relaxation of the circumstances .
some members of the security council - in particular russia and china - are opposed to a legally binding agreement or to this sceptical agreement , and few governments are in favour of sharing the territory of a further country , as the circumstances may be .

wie der sozialtheoretiker robert putnam erklärt hat , bestimmt das &quot; sozialkapital &quot; - also beziehungen , normen und das gesellschaftliche vertrauen , das zusammenarbeit und vereinbarungen zum gegenseitigen vorteil ermöglicht - ebenso das wirtschaftswachstum , wie es sich davon herleitet .
as the social theorist robert putnam has explained , &quot; social capital &quot; --the networks , norms , and social trust that facilitate cooperation and coordination for mutual benefit--is as much a determinant as it is a result of economic growth .
in other words , the &apos; social capital &apos; - in other words , relations , standards and social trust , cooperation and agreements for mutual benefit - has declared that economic growth , as is the case with it .
in other words , relations , standards and social trust , cooperation and agreements on mutual benefit - as well as economic growth , such as economic growth .

die keynsiansiche lösung war daher : mit den instrumenten der finanz- ( niedrigere zinssätze ) und fiskalpolitik ( erhöhung der staatsausgaben und steuersenkungen ) soll die wirtschaft vor den abgründen der deflation bewahrt werden .
hence the keynesian solution : use monetary policy ( lower interest rates ) and fiscal policy ( expanded government spending and reduced taxes ) to keep the economy from ever approaching the precipice where deflation becomes possible .
that is why the solution to the kedo solution was : with the instruments of the financial interest ( lower interest rates ) and fiscal policy ( increase of state expenditure and tax reductions ) , the economy should be protected against the grounds of deflation .
for this reason , the keansily solution was a solution : with the instruments of the financial ( lower interest rates ) and fiscal policies ( increase in public expenditure and tax reductions ) , the economy should be maintained before the deflation of deflation .

jetzt allerdings müssen die 25 mitglieder mit den finanziellen auswirkungen dieser erweiterung zu rande kommen und zwar nicht nur im hinblick auf die gesamthöhe des eu-budgets für die nächsten sieben jahre , sondern auch bezüglich der frage , wer zahlt und wer profitiert .
but now the 25 member states must deal with the financial consequences of that enlargement , not just in the overall size of the european union budget for the next seven years , but in who pays and who benefits .
however , now , the 25 members have to take part in the financial impact of this enlargement , not only in terms of the total eu budget for the next seven years , but also in relation to the question of who pays and who benefits .
however , now , the 25 members now need to come from the financial impact of this enlargement , not only with regard to the overall eu budget for the next seven years , but also with regard to the question of who pays and who benefits .

israels einseitiger rückzug ist das ergebnis einer tief greifenden politischen veränderung , die durch zwei relativ widersprüchliche überzeugungen ausgelöst wurde , welche die politik von premierminister ariel sharon seit 2003 prägen : erstens , dass der von den usa initiierte &quot; fahrplan zum frieden &quot; ins nichts führt , und zweitens , dass der status quo unhaltbar ist .
israel &apos;s unilateral withdrawal is the outcome of a deep political shift that has been caused by two somewhat contradictory convictions that have characterized prime minister ariel sharon &apos;s policies since 2003 : first , that the us-initiated &quot; road map &quot; is going nowhere and , second , that the status quo is untenable .
israel &apos;s unilateral withdrawal is the result of a profound political change which has been caused by two relatively contradictory convictions , which the policy of prime minister ariel sharon has been pretending since 2003 : firstly , that the road map initiated by the united states does not lead to peace and , secondly , that the status quo is untenable .
israel &apos;s unilateral withdrawal is the result of a profound political change that has been caused by two relatively contradictory convictions , which the policy of prime minister ariel sharon since 2003 : firstly , that the road map initiated by the united states will not lead to peace , and secondly , that the status quo is untenable .

dieser ausdruck verletzten nationalstolzes wurde durch die überragende leistung südkoreas bei der fußballweltmeisterschaft im letzten sommer möglich . dieser sportliche erfolg überzeugte die koreaner , dass ihr land erwachsen geworden war - und darum auch ohne die anwesenheit von 37.000 amerikanischer soldaten existieren könnte .
this expression of wounded national pride was enabled by south korea &apos;s tremendous performance in the world cup football tournament last summer , which helped convince ordinary koreans that their country was fully grown up--and thus might be able to stand on its own without the presence of 37,000 us troops .
last summer , this expression of the last national pride was made possible by the surprising performance of south korea in the world cup in the summer , and this sporting success was convincing that the korean country had grown up - and that is why it could not exist without the presence of 37000 american soldiers .
last summer , this expression of the last national pride was made possible by the surprising performance of south korea at the football world cup in the summer , and this sporting success has made the korean success felt that its country was growing - and this could also exist without the presence of 377000 american soldiers .

irgendwann in den nächsten ein bis zwei monaten wird die balkan-kontaktgruppe -- die usa , großbritannien , frankreich , deutschland , italien und russland -- ahtisaaris empfehlungen zum endgültigen status des kosovo besprechen und dem sicherheitsrat möglicherweise eine lösung vorschlagen , der dann die endgültige entscheidung fällen muss .
some time over the next month or two , the balkan contact group — the us , uk , france , germany , italy , and russia -- will consider ahtisaari &apos;s recommendations on kosovo &apos;s final status and possibly propose a solution to the security council , which must make the final decision .
at some point in the next two months , the balkan contact group - the united states , britain , france , germany , italy and russia - will be discussing recommendations on the final status of kosovo and perhaps propose a solution to the security council , which will have to make the final decision .
in the next two months , the balkan contact group - the united states , britain , france , france , germany , italy and russia - will discuss ahtisaaris recommendations on the final status of kosovo and perhaps propose a solution to the security council , which will have to make the final decision .

hierzu ist zuckerbrot nötig , weil es von großem gesellschaftlichen nutzen ist , zu entdecken , dass zum beispiel schnittblumen oder fußbälle oder computersoftware zu niedrigen kosten erzeugt werden können , da eine solche erkenntnis auch den investitionen anderer unternehmern die richtung vorgeben kann .
the carrot is needed because there is great social value in discovering , for example , that cut flowers , or soccer balls , or computer software can be produced at low cost , because this knowledge can orient the investments of other entrepreneurs .
there is a need for sugar brochure because it is of great social benefit that it is possible to cover , for example , the fact that , for example , interrogation or footwear or computer software can be produced at low cost , because such a recognition can also give the investment of other entrepreneurs the direction .
it is necessary to do so , because it is of great social benefit to cover the fact that , for example , we can create a low cost of carbons or footwear or computer software , because such an understanding can also give the investment of other entrepreneurs in the direction .

so stiegen die haushaltsdefizite in den beitrittsländern ohne currency board enorm an - in ungarn auf über 9 % des bip im jahr 2002 und auf über 5 % in polen , tschechien und der slowakei - während enorme kapitalzuflüsse ihre währungen unter starken aufwertungsdruck brachten .
indeed , the accession countries that have not implemented a currency board have seen their budget deficits surge--exceeding 9 % of gdp in hungary in 2002 and more than 5 % in poland , the czech republic , and slovakia--while large capital inflows have kept their currencies under strong pressure to appreciate .
in 2002 , the budget deficits in the candidate countries have increased enormously - in hungary over 9 % of gdp in 2002 and more than 5 % in poland , the czech republic and slovakia - during enormous capital rivers , their currencies have put their currencies under strong pressure .
in hungary , over 9 % of gdp in 2002 and more than 5 % in poland , the czech republic and slovakia , while huge capital rivers have increased their currencies under strong pressure under pressure under pressure from capital , during massive pressure .

da ständig argumente gegen einen eu-beitritt der türkei zu widerlegen sind , bleiben die vorteile eines solchen beitritts vielfach unerwähnt : dazu gehören die einzigartige geopolitische lage des landes an der kreuzung zwischen balkan , südkaukasus , zentralasien und dem nahen osten - regionen von entscheidender bedeutung für die europäische sicherheit , die rolle der türkei als wichtiges transitland für energie , die militärischen fähigkeiten des landes zu einer zeit , da die eu ihre neue europäische verteidigungspolitik entwickelt und das große wirtschaftliche potenzial der türkei mit ihren jungen und dynamischen arbeitskräften .
the need to refute arguments against turkey &apos;s admission to the eu leaves the advantages rarely mentioned : its unique geopolitical position at the crossroads of the balkans , southern caucasus , central asia , and the middle east - vitally important regions for europe &apos;s security ; its role as mayor transit country for energy supplies ; its military capabilities at a time when the eu is developing its new european defense policy ; and the great potential of the turkish economy , with its young and dynamic labor force .
as there are constant arguments against turkey ’ s accession to the eu , the benefits of such accession are often mentioned : these include the unique geopolitical situation of the country in the cross between the balkans , the south caucasus , central asia and the middle east - of crucial importance for european security , turkey ’ s role as an important transit country for energy , the military capabilities of the country , because the eu is developing its new european defence policy and developing the major economic potential of turkey with its young workers and its young workers .
the advantages of such accession are often unmentioned : the unique geopolitical situation of the country in the cross between the balkans , south caucasus , central asia and the middle east - are of crucial importance for european security , turkey &apos;s role as an important country for transit , the military capabilities of the country , because the eu is developing its new european defence policy and developing its major economic potential for turkey with its young and dynamic workforce .

doch wenn jetzt keine definitiven fortschritte hinsichtlich des endgültigen status des kosovo erzielt werden , wird sich die situation auf dem balkan verschlechtern . dadurch werden serbiens annäherung an den westen und seine spätere mitgliedschaft in der eu blockiert , die ethnischen minderheiten im kosovo dazu verdammt , in einer gefährlich unklaren lage auszuharren , und schwache staaten wie bosnien und mazedonien gefährdet .
but failure to proceed definitively now on kosovo &apos;s final status will produce a worse balkan situation , one that blocks serbia &apos;s move toward the west and ultimate membership in the eu , condemns kosovo &apos;s ethnic minorities to dangerous ambiguity , and imperils fragile states like bosnia and macedonia .
if we do not make any progress on the final status of kosovo , the situation will deteriorate in the balkans , which will block serbia &apos;s rapprochement with the west and its later membership of the eu , which endangers ethnic minorities in kosovo , in a uncertain situation , such as weak countries and macedonia , in a situation such as macedonia and macedonia .
however , if no definitive progress is made on the final status of kosovo , the situation in the balkans will deteriorate from serbia &apos;s rapprochement with the west and its closer membership of the eu , the ethnic minorities in kosovo will be endured in a dangerous situation in which there is no clear and weak states , such as bosnia and macedonia .

