die meisten europäer betrachten amerika als starken freund .
most europeans see in america a strong friend .
most europeans regard america as a strong friend .
most europeans regard america as a strong friend .

schauen sie sich die vereinigten staaten an !
consider the united states .
look at the united states !
look at the united states !

der revolutionäre konservative papst
the revolutionary conservative pope
the revolutionary conservative pope
revolutionary conservative pope

einkommensungleichheiten werfen lange schatten .
income inequality casts a long shadow .
low income inequalities have long shaped .
there is a long shadow of income inequalities .

arzneimittelsicherheit ernst nehmen
taking drug safety seriously
serious consideration is given to the safety of medicines .
medicines safety is taking seriously .

aber selbst dieses beschränkte ziel wird nicht leicht zu erreichen sein .
even this limited goal may not be easy to achieve .
but even this limited objective will not be easy to achieve .
but even this limited objective will not be easy to achieve .

das erste argument wird wohl am einfachsten nachzuprüfen sein .
the first claim should be the easiest to verify .
the first argument will probably be examined in the simplest way .
the first argument will probably be the most simple one .

kein mensch behauptet , dass man naturgewalten verändern kann .
no one pretends that we can prevent or alter the forces of nature .
no person claims that people can change their natural lives .
no person claims that we can change nature .

mehr privat , weniger staat in der kunstfinanzierung ?
state of the art , or art of the state ?
more private , less state in art funding ?
do we have more private , less state funding in art ?

diese waffen stellen eine ernsthafte und unmittelbare bedrohung dar ,
those weapons pose a grave , immediate threat ;
these weapons are a serious and immediate threat .
these weapons are a serious and immediate threat .

auch das leitungsgremium der amerikanischen notenbank federal reserve ist natürlich sehr unabhängig .
the us federal reserve board is , of course , very independent .
the federal reserve board of the american federal reserve is also , of course , very independent .
of course , the governing board of the american federal reserve reserve is very independent .

die schaffung einer solchen kapazität wird die eu zu einem effektiveren transatlantischen partner machen .
the creation of such a capacity will make the eu a more effective transatlantic partner .
the creation of such capacity will make the eu a more effective transatlantic partner .
the creation of such a capacity will make the eu a more effective transatlantic partner .

sie wollten keine almosen , nur eine chance , geld zu verdienen .
they didn &apos;t want a handout , only a chance to earn income .
they did not want almosen , just an opportunity to earn money .
they did not want a almosen , but just an opportunity to earn money .

ist die europäische integration vom respekt für die werte anderer inspiriert ?
is european integration animated by respect for another &apos;s values ?
is european integration inspired by respect for the values of others ?
is european integration inspired by respect for the values of others ?

das größte problem der politischen rechten in zentraleuropa ist ihre fehlende identität .
the most serious problem of central europe &apos;s political right is a lack of identity .
the greatest problem of political rights in central europe is its lack of identity .
the biggest problem of political rights in central europe is its lack of identity .

jetzt scheint es , als wären auch noch lindseys zahlen eine krasse untertreibung gewesen .
it now appears that lindsey &apos;s numbers were a gross underestimate .
now , it seems that even lindseys would have been a cradle underfoot .
now it seems that it would have been a cradle of a cradle .

die kritiker des neoliberalismus sollten nicht die allgemeinen wirtschaftsgrundsätze bekämpfen , nur ihren missbrauch .
critics of neoliberalism should not oppose mainstream economics--only its misuse .
the critics of neo-liberalism should not fight the general economic principles , only their abuse .
the critics of neo-liberalism should not fight the general economic principles , only their abuse .

tatsächlich aber gibt es derzeit keinen chefplaner oder -finanzier terroristischer aktivitäten .
in fact , there is now no master planner or funder of terrorist activities .
in fact , there is currently no chefa or finance terrorist activities .
in fact , however , there is currently no chefer or funding of terrorist activities .

wenn sich die argumente für diesen krieg als haltlos erweisen , wird dies tiefgreifende folgen haben .
if the arguments for war are not proved , the consequences will be profound .
if the arguments for this war prove to be significant , this will have a profound impact .
if the arguments for this war prove to be obvious , this will have a profound impact .

ich gebe zu , dass ich das vermächtnis des kommunismus mit mehr skepsis betrachte .
i confess that i view the heritage of communism with more <<unk>> ticism .
i admit that i view the legacy of communism with more scepticism .
i admit that i consider the legacy of communism to be more scepticism .

kein mensch sah diesen boom voraus , daher ist es auch riskant sein ende zu prognostizieren .
no one predicted this boom , so predicting its end is risky .
no person had seen this boom , so it is also risky to forecast .
no person expected these boats , and that is why it is also dangerous to pretend that it is to be expected .

es gibt noch eine reihe anderer , potenziell ziemlich hoher kosten , deren quantifizierung sich allerdings als problematisch erweist .
there are a number of other costs , some potentially quite large , although quantifying them is problematic .
there are still a number of other costs , potentially rather high , but the quantity of which is problematic .
there are still a number of other , potentially very high costs , but the quantity of which is problematic .

auch für sie müssen diese verbindungen der &quot; einheit aufgrund von gefühlen und sympathie &quot; spürbar sein .
they , too , must be allowed to feel those ties of &quot; unity resulting from feelings and sympathy . &quot;
for them too , these links of unity must be felt on the basis of feelings and sympathy .
for them too , these links of unity must be felt because of feeling and sympathy .

denn jetzt wird die bush-administration die testergebnisse abwarten , bevor sie eine entscheidung trifft .
for now , the bush administration will await the outcome of tests before deciding .
for now , the bush administration will await the teaches before it takes a decision .
after all , the bush administration will now wait for the teeth before it takes a decision .

ich denke , dass deutschland in zehn jahren mit einer neoliberaleren politik besser dastehen würde .
i think that germany would be better off in a decade under more neo-liberal policies .
i think that germany would be better off in ten years &apos; time with a neo-liberal policy .
i think that in ten years &apos; time germany would be better equipped with a neo-liberal policy .

damit das land die herausforderungen bewältigen und weiter wachsen kann , müsste es seinen arbeitsmarkt flexibilisieren .
in order for the country to meet the challenges and to continue to grow , it would have to make its labor markets flexible .
in order for that country to meet the challenges and grow further , it should be more flexible in its labour market .
in order for the country to face up to the challenges and grow further , it should be more flexible in its labour market .

unsere aufgabe ist es , einen weg zu finden , zusammenzustehen , ohne uns irgendjemanden im besonderen entgegen zu stellen .
our task is to find a way to stand together without standing against anybody in particular .
our task is to find a way forward , without giving us any people in particular .
our task is to find a way to work together without giving us any people in particular .

für die deutschen arbeitnehmer jedoch , die ebenfalls gern mit diesem kapital gearbeitet hätten , ist dies ein fragwürdiger vorteil .
but it is of doubtful benefit to german workers who also would have liked to cooperate with that capital .
however , for the german workers who would also like to have worked with this capital , this is a questionable advantage .
however , for the german workers , who would also have liked to have worked with this capital , this is a questionable advantage .

die gräuel eines total sinnlosen kriegs sind tatsächlich zu schrecklich , um sie sich auszumalen .
the horrors of a senseless war are almost too frightening to contemplate .
the atrocities of a completely pointless war are , in fact , too horrendous to extricate them .
the horrendous war of a total unpleasant war is really too terrible in order to teach them .

europa und der rest der welt sind sich dessen bewusst ; aber sie wählen bei den wahlen in amerika nicht mit .
europe and the rest of the world are aware of this ; but they don &apos;t vote in american elections .
europe and the rest of the world are aware of this , but they do not vote in favour of the elections in america .
europe and the rest of the world are aware of this , but they do not vote in the elections in america .

für protest war es jedenfalls zu spät : den zehn osteuropäischen staaten war der mitgliedsstatus bereits zuerkannt worden .
but in any event , it was too late to protest : the ten eastern states had already been granted membership of the union .
at any rate , it was too late for protest : the ten eastern european states have already been granted the status of the member states .
in any case , it was too late : the ten eastern european states have already been granted the status of the member states .

es fällt den europäern deshalb schwer , einzusehen , warum pläne für eine engere europäische integration als antiamerikanisch angesehen werden sollten .
so it is hard for europeans to understand why plans for closer european integration should be seen as anti-american .
it is therefore difficult for europeans to see why plans for closer european integration should be regarded as anti-american .
it is therefore difficult for europeans to see why plans for closer european integration should be regarded as anti-american .

vermutlich aufgrund ihrer stark antikommunistischen position werden die polnische kirche und johannes paul ii oft als , , konservativ &quot; bezeichnet .
perhaps in part because of their strong anticommunist stance , the polish church and john paul ii are often branded as &quot; conservative . &quot;
probably because of its strong anti-communist position , the polish church and john paul ii are often called &apos; conservative &apos; .
probably because of its strong anti-communist position , polish church and john paul ii are often described as , conservative &apos; .

herauszufinden , was ein land besonders gut erzeugen kann ( oder könnte ) ist eine schlüsselherausforderung für die entwicklung einer volkswirtschaft .
learning what a country is ( or can be ) good at producing is a key challenge of economic development .
finding out what a country can produce particularly well ( or could ) is a key challenge for the development of an economy .
looking at what a country can produce in particular ( or could ) is a key challenge for the development of a popular economy .

in ostasien soll diese &quot; demografische dividende &quot; bereits einen beitrag von mehr als einem viertel zum regionalen wirtschaftswachstum leisten .
in east asia , this &quot; demographic dividend &quot; is believed to have generated more than a quarter of the region &apos;s economic growth .
in east asia , this &apos; demographic dividends &apos; should already make a contribution from more than a quarter to regional economic growth .
in ostaasia , these &apos; demographic dividends &apos; should already contribute to more than a quarter of regional economic growth .

die drohende rückkehr von meciar an die macht zwang alle demokraten , linke und rechte , in ein lager .
the threat of return to power by meciar forced all democrats , leftist or rightist , into one camp .
the threat of the return of meciar to the power of all democrats , the left and the rights , in a camp .
the threat of a return from meciar to power requires all democrats , left and rights , to a camp .

aber zumindest sollten die haushaltspolitischen maßnahmen eines landes nicht in den obskuren methodologischen fußnoten seines budgets verborgen bleiben .
but at least a country &apos;s fiscal actions should not be hidden in its budgets &apos; obscure methodological footnotes .
however , at least the budgetary measures of a country should not remain in the shadows of his budget .
however , at least , the budgetary measures of a country should not be left in the obscure of its budget .

einer von den drei bis jetzt durchgeführten versuchen ist fast fehlgeschlagen , zwei vollständig ; deswegen überließ präsident clinton diese angelegenheit seinem nachfolger .
of the three tests so far conducted , one failed almost , two entirely , which is why president clinton left the matter to his successor .
one of the three attempts that have been made to date has almost failed , two completely , and that is why president clinton left this matter with his successor .
one of the three attempts that have been made to date has almost failed , two completely , and that is why president clinton left this matter to his successor .

sieht die zukunft für die mehr als eine milliarde jugendlichen in den entwicklungsländern im alter zwischen 12 und 24 jahren ebenso viel versprechend aus ?
will the future be as promising for the developing world &apos;s billion-plus young people between the ages of 12 and 24 ?
is the future for the more than a billion young people in developing countries , in the age of 12 and 24 , as promising ?
is the future for the more than a billion young people in developing countries in age between 12 and 24 years a great deal of promising ?

die bombenanschläge von madrid haben dazu geführt , dass die europäer die geißel des terrorismus am eigenen leib zu spüren bekommen haben .
the madrid bombings have made europeans feel the scourge of terrorism in their bones .
the madrid bombings have led europeans to feel the scourge of terrorism in their own suffering .
the bombings of madrid have led europeans to feel the scourge of terrorism in their own suffering .

selbst wenn ein haushalt angenommen wird , herrscht kein mangel an deprimierenden aufgaben für die österreichische präsidentschaft , die am 1. januar beginnt .
even if a budget is adopted , there is no lack of depressing business for the austrian presidency , which starts on january 1 .
even if a budget is adopted , there is no lack of depressing tasks for the austrian presidency , which begins on 1 january .
even if a budget is adopted , there is no lack of depressing tasks for the austrian presidency , which begins on 1 january .

außerdem könnte das publikum für gewagtere repertoires gewonnen werden , je öfter man moderne stücke auf das programm setzt .
moreover , the audience may come to appreciate an adventuresome repertoire the more it becomes exposed to it .
in addition , the public could be won for more orphaned toires , the more modern the more modern the programme is set up .
in addition , the more modern points could be obtained by the public , the more modern in the programme .

mein büro steht nicht nur russischen bürgern offen , sondern auch ausländern oder staatenlosen personen , die das gefühl haben , ihre politischen rechte seien gefährdet .
my office is open not only to russian citizens , but to foreigners and stateless people who feel their political rights have been compromised .
my office is not only open to russian citizens , but also to foreigners or stateless people who feel that their political rights are at risk .
my office is not only open to russian citizens , but also to foreigners or stateless people who feel that their political rights are at risk .

er drängt darauf , diesen monat ein landesweites referendum über eine neue verfassung abzuhalten , ohne eine ernsthafte parlamentarische debatte oder die übliche aufklärung der öffentlichkeit .
he is rushing to hold a national referendum this month on a new constitution without serious parliamentary debate or the usual public education .
it calls for a national referendum to be held this month on a new constitution , without a serious parliamentary debate or the usual information of the public .
he is calling on us to hold a national referendum this month on a new constitution without a serious parliamentary debate or the normal information of the public .

aus diesem grund zeigen die postkommunistischen gesellschaften keine erhabenheit und keine gelassenheit , die ernsthaft in kontrast zum westen stehen würde .
this is why postcommunist societies do not demonstrate any nobility or disinterestedness that seriously contrasts with the west .
for this reason , the post-communist societies do not show a habit and no perseverance that would be seriously opposed to the west .
for this reason , the post-communist societies do not show any cause for concern and no perseverance that would be seriously contrary to the west .

jetzt müssen diese gesellschaften nicht nur mit riesigen städtischen zentren fertig werden , sondern auch mit den sehr unterschiedlichen begabungen und bedürfnissen einer städtischen bevölkerung .
now these societies must cope not only with vast urban centers , but also with the very different talents and demands of urbanized people .
these societies must now be ready not only with huge urban centres , but also with the very different stages and needs of a urban population .
these societies must now be completed not only with huge urban centres , but also with the very different stages and needs of a urban population .

letztere können aus gewinn- oder machtstreben oder aus politischen bzw. religiösen gründen dabei sein ; wieder andere beteiligen sich aus hass oder wegen des nervenkitzels .
individuals can be involved for profit and power , or for political and religious reasons , while others participate for hate or thrills .
the latter can be in favour of profit or power , or for political or religious reasons ; others are once again involved in hatred or because of the nerve .
the latter can , for profit or power or for political or religious reasons , be able to participate in hatred or for the nerve .

sharon allein schien die verbindung beruhigender stärke und weitsicht zu verkörpern , um im prozess des einseitigen abzugs die mehrheit der israelis hinter sich sammeln zu können .
he alone seemed to incarnate the combination of reassuring strength and vision to carry the majority of israelis behind him in a process of unilateral disengagement .
sharon alone seemed to be the link with reassuring and broad vision in order to be able to collect the majority of the israelis behind it in the unilateral process .
sharon alone seemed to represent the link with restrength and vision in order to remove the majority of the israelis behind the process in the unilateral process .

wenn präsident bush , wie er angedeutet hat , ein anderes system vorzieht , werden dessen entwicklung sowie die entwicklung eines testprogramms noch mehr zeit in anspruch nehmen .
if president bush , as he has hinted , now favors a different design , it will take even more time to develop the architecture and devise a test program .
if president bush , as he has indicated , is planning another system , his development and the development of a test programme will take even more time .
if president bush , as he has indicated , makes a different system , the development of which , as well as the development of a test programme , will take more time .

natürlich spielen diese indikatoren eine legitime rolle bei der erklärung der immobilienmärkte , aber sie reichen einfach nicht aus , um die jüngsten booms zu ergründen .
of course , these indicators do have a legitimate role to play in explaining housing markets , but they are simply not adequate to account for the recent booms .
of course , these indicators play a legitimate role in the declaration of property markets , but they are simply not enough for reasons of recent boxes .
of course , these indicators play a legitimate role in the declaration of property markets , but they are simply not enough for the latest boxes .

mit der ankunft zuhause kehren ( auf beiden seiten des atlantiks ) auch die sorgen wieder , wie klassische musik finanziert werden soll .
this rentrée is also marked ( on both sides of the atlantic ) by the return of worries about how classical music is financed .
returning home with the meeting ( on both sides of the atlantic ) , the concerns of how class music is to be financed .
at home ( on both sides of the atlantic ) , the concerns about how classical music is to be financed .

ein virtuelles unternehmen besteht aus einer beliebig zusammengesetzten kleinen gruppe , die sich selbst zu einer organisation zusammenfindet , welche gerade groß genug ist , um das gemeinsame ziel umzusetzen .
a virtual enterprise is any small group that self-assembles into an organization that is just large enough to accomplish the collective intention .
a virtual company is composed of a large number of small groups , which are themselves in contact with an organisation that is very large enough to implement the common goal .
a virtual company consists of a large small group , which is itself involved in an organisation that is very large enough to implement the common objective .

wenn die staats- und regierungschefs der reichsten nationen der welt im französischen evian zusammentreffen , wird eine unausgesprochene frage vorherrschen : was will amerika in der welt ?
when the leaders of the world &apos;s richest nations gather in evian , france , one unasked question will dominate : what does america want in the world ?
if the heads of state and government of the richest nations of the world meet in french evian , will there be an unpromised question : what does america want to do in the world ?
if the heads of state and government of the richest nations of the world meet in the french evian , then there will be an unpromised question : what does america want in the world ?

dieser mangel an voraussicht und planung für die zeit nach der bewaffneten intervention stellt nicht nur eine gefahr für die vorgeblich &quot; gerettete &quot; bevölkerung dar ; er ist kontraproduktiv .
this lack of foresight about and planning for the aftermath of armed intervention is not only dangerous to the people who have ostensibly been &quot; saved &quot; ; it is counterproductive .
this lack of foresight and planning for the time after armed intervention is not just a threat to the &apos; majority &apos; of the population ; it is counter-productive .
this lack of foresight and planning for the period after armed intervention is not just a threat to the &apos; superior &apos; population &apos; , but it is counterproductive .

europa und die usa müssen ihre ziele kooperativ verfolgen und dabei gewährleisten , dass sich eine solche kooperation nie zu einer allianz des westens gegen den rest der welt entwickelt .
europe and the us must pursue their aims in cooperation , while ensuring that such cooperation never becomes an alliance of the &quot; west against the rest . &quot;
europe and the united states must follow their objectives together and ensure that such cooperation never becomes an alliance of western cooperation against the rest of the world .
europe and the united states must follow their objectives together and ensure that such cooperation is never developed in an alliance against the rest of the world .

nach einer theorie , wie sie etwa der spd-vorsitzende franz müntefering vertritt , ist deutschland bereits dort angekommen , wo alle anderen erst hinwollen .
one theory , endorsed by the head of germany &apos;s ruling social democratic party , franz müntefering , is that germany is already where the others still want to be .
according to a theory , as the chairman of the spd franz ortefering , germany has already come where all the others want to go .
after a theory , as the president-in-office of the council , mr franz orteing , germany has already come there , where all the others want to go .

die von den vereinten nationen vermittelten verhandlungen in wien dieses jahr haben gezeigt , dass es zu keinem einvernehmlichen abkommen zwischen serbien und dem kosovo über den &quot; endgültigen status &quot; kommen wird .
negotiations this year in vienna , brokered by the united nations , showed that an agreed settlement between serbia and kosovo on &quot; final status &quot; will not happen .
the negotiations held by the united nations in vienna this year showed that there will be no agreed agreement between serbia and kosovo on the &apos; final status &apos; agreement .
the negotiations made by the united nations in vienna this year have shown that there will be no agreement between serbia and kosovo on the final status .

der unmittelbare gewinner ist der spd-fraktionsvorsitzende franz mã ¼ ntefering ( 64 ) , der schrã <unk> der als parteivorsitzenden beerben wird .
the immediate winner is franz müntefering , age 64 , the spd &apos;s parliamentary floor leader who will succeed schröder , as party chairman .
the immediate winners are the chairman of the spd group , franz franmz ntehing ( 64 ) , who is the leader of the party .
the immediate winners is the donor chairman of the socialist group , franz franmz , who will be called nteing ( 64 ) , the premise of the leader of the party .

gewiss , es hatte den anschein , als ob die nachrichten über das ausmaß der katastrophe etwas länger brauchten , um die ranch von präsident bush im texanischen crawford zu erreichen .
of course , it seemed to take somewhat longer for news of the extent of the disaster to reach the crawford , texas , ranch of president bush .
certainly , it would appear that the news about the scale of the disaster needed a little longer to achieve the ranks of president bush in mr crawford .
certainly , it would seem that the news of the scale of the disaster would have needed something longer to reach the ranks of president bush in the algerian crawford .

mit den eindringlichen bildern der zerstörung , die das fernsehen in die wohnzimmer auf der ganzen welt übertrug , wurde uns die macht der globalisierung vor augen geführt .
it demonstrated the power of globalization , as television brought vivid pictures of the destruction to homes around the world .
we have seen the power of globalisation in the world with the most pressing bills of the destruction that have caused television in the whole world .
we have seen the power of globalisation as a matter of urgency .

die niedriglohnkonkurrenz hat zu erheblichen arbeitsplatzverlagerungen und offshore-aktivitäten geführt . diese ließen deutsche firmen konkurrenzfähig bleiben , indem sie ihren bedarf an deutschen arbeitskräften verringerten .
low-wage competition has led to substantial outsourcing and off-shoring activities that have kept german firms competitive by reducing their demand for domestic labor .
the low wage competition has led to significant job relocation and offshore activities , which allowed german companies to remain competitive by reducing their needs to german workers .
the low price competition has led to significant relocation of jobs and offshore activities , which would allow german companies to compete by reducing their needs to german workers .

die fokussierung des politischen willens und der anstrengungen der jungen menschen selbst , mehr möglichkeiten zu schaffen , fähigkeiten zu erweitern und zweite chancen zu bieten , kann ländern helfen , ihren derzeitigen demografischen vorteil optimal zu nutzen .
focusing political will and the efforts of young people themselves to expand opportunities , enhance capabilities , and provide second chances can help countries make the most of today &apos;s demographic advantage .
the focus of political will and the efforts of young people themselves to create more opportunities , broaden skills and offer second opportunities can help countries to make best use of their current demographic advantage .
the focus of the political will and the efforts of young people themselves to create more opportunities , to extend skills and to offer second opportunities , can help countries to make the best use of their current demographic advantage .

die gesundheitsversorgung funktioniert einigermaßen und alle lateinamerikanischen länder konnten erfolge im kampf gegen den analphabetismus verbuchen . die alphabetisierungsrate beträgt unter der erwachsenen bevölkerung 90 % und mehr .
health conditions are reasonably good , and all latin american countries have made headway against illiteracy , with most reaching 90 % adult literacy or higher .
health care works fairly and all latin american countries have been able to achieve success in the fight against illiteracy , and the illiteracy rate among adults is 90 % and more .
health care works in some way and all latin american countries have been able to achieve success in the fight against illiteracy , which is the illiteracy rate under the adult population of 90 % and more .

die große frage für die europäer ist , ob sie eine möglichkeit finden , einen teil der effizienzsteigerung , die das wal-mart-modell bringt , zu nutzen , ohne davon überrannt zu werden .
the big question for europeans is whether they can find ways to exploit some of the efficiency gains embodied by the wal-mart model without being overrun by it .
the great question for europeans is whether it is possible to make use of part of the increase in efficiency resulting from the walking model without being overtaken by it .
the great question for europeans is whether they can find a way of using a part of the efficiency that brings the wal-mart-mart model to use , without being overshaped .

sie braucht in der tat die chance , fehler zu begehen und daraus zu lernen und sich von diesen fehlern zu erholen , so lange ihre entscheidungen die grundlagen der demokratischen ordnung selbst nicht infrage stellen .
indeed , they need a chance to make mistakes and to learn and recover from their errors , as long as their decisions do not affect the foundations of the democratic order itself .
indeed , it needs the opportunity to make mistakes and learn from these mistakes , so long as its decisions do not question the foundations of democratic order itself .
in fact , it needs the opportunity to make mistakes and learn from it and to recover from these mistakes , so long as its decisions do not question the foundations of the democratic order itself .

tatsächlich irritiert der papst durch seine worte und sein beispiel die welt : sie möchte in wohlstand und bequemlichkeit leben und er erinnert uns , dass wir auch in würde leben müssen .
indeed , by his words and example , the pope disrupts the world : it wants to live in wealth and comfort ; he reminds us that we must also live in dignity .
in fact , the pope is hiding its words and its example : it wants to live in prosperity and quorum and remind us that we also have to live in dignity .
indeed , the pope is using his words and his example : it wants to live in prosperity and bequity and remember that we also need to live in dignity .

was im irak geschehen ist , sollte nicht überinterpretiert werden als eine starre schablone der us-politik für länder , die massenvernichtungswaffen haben , terrorismus unterstützen oder menschen ihrer freiheit berauben .
what happened in iraq should not be over ? interpreted as a rigid template for us policy toward countries that pursue weapons of mass destruction , support terrorism , or deny people liberty .
what has happened in iraq should not be interpreted as a rigid delusion of us policy for countries that have weapons of mass destruction , support terrorism or depriving people of their freedom .
what has happened in iraq should not be interpreted as a rigid shrink of the us policy for countries which have weapons of mass destruction , support terrorism or depriving people of their freedom .

falls sie es richtig hinbekommen , wird der lohn enorm sein : eine beschleunigte entwicklung , da ihre volkswirtschaften die vorteile einer zunehmenden bevölkerung im arbeitsfähigen alter ernten , und eine niedrigere nichterwerbstätigenquote .
the payoff is huge if they get it right : accelerated development as economies reap the benefits of a burgeoning working-age population and lower dependency ratios .
if you get it right , the wage will be enormous : accelerated development , as your economies will harness the benefits of a growing population in working age , and a lower rate of non-employment .
if you get it right , the wage will be enormous : rapid development , since your economies have the benefits of an increasing population in working age , and a lower rate of non-employment .

diese positive entwicklung ist gefährdet durch einen fiebrigen nationalismus , der bei den wahlen zum vorschein kommt , und der durch das versprechen , alte wunden zu öffnen und alte rechnungen zu begleichen , genährt wird .
that promising development is being endangered by a fevered electoral nationalism which seeks to gain votes by promising to reopen old wounds and settle old scores .
this positive development is endangered by fied-brilliant nationalism , which is being proposed in the elections , and the promise of opening up old wounds and making old bills the same .
this positive development is at risk by a fierce nationalism , which comes in the elections , and the promise of opening up old wounds and making old bills in the same way .

dies ist gut für europa , denn es führt zu einer besseren verwendung des kapitals und kurbelt das wachstum an , da deutsche spareinlagen nun ihren weg in abgelegene und vorher benachteiligte regionen der eurozone finden .
this is good for europe , because it helps improve the allocation of capital and stimulates growth by transporting german savings to the remote and previously disadvantaged regions of the euro zone .
this is a good thing for europe , because it leads to better use of capital and kurdish growth , as german spres now find their way into remote and disadvantaged regions of the euro area .
this is a good thing for europe , because it leads to a better use of capital and kurdish growth , since germany &apos;s sparel has now found its way in remote and previously disadvantaged regions of the euro area .

ihre aufgaben in dieser hinsicht wurden 1948 in der allgemeinen deklaration der menschenrechte niedergeschrieben und 1975 in den abkommen von helsinki bekräftigt . in diesen dokumenten werden menschenrechte rechtlich höher eingestuft , als die souveränität einzelner staaten .
its tasks in this area were affirmed in the 1948 universal declaration of human rights and the 1975 helsinki accords , which give human rights legal supremacy over the sovereignty of individual states .
in this respect , in 1948 , the universal declaration of human rights was written and confirmed in the helsinki agreement in 1948 , and in 1975 , human rights are legally higher in these documents than the sovereignty of individual states .
in this respect , in 1948 , their tasks were set out in the general declaration of human rights in 1948 and confirmed in the helsinki agreements , in which human rights are legally defined in these documents , as the sovereignty of individual states .

meciar schlug zu , sprach von der &quot; ungarischen bedrohung &quot; und machte mit einem streich vier jahre harter arbeit der slowakischen regierung , vertreter der ungarischen minderheit in die slowakische regierung zu integrieren , zunichte .
so meciar pounced , denouncing the &quot; hungarian menace , &quot; undoing in a stroke four years of hard work by slovakia &apos;s current government to integrate representatives of the ethnic hungarian minority into slovakia &apos;s government .
mr meciar suggested that the &apos; hungarian threat &apos; was destroyed by the &apos; hungarian threat &apos; and , with one of four years of hard work by the slovak government , destroying representatives of the hungarian minority in the slovak government .
it was suggested that the hungarian threat was called &apos; hungarian threat &apos; and that , with four years of hard work by the slovak government , to destroy representatives of the hungarian minority in the slovak government .

wenn ein so großer teil des produktivitätsvorsprungs der usa tatsächlich darauf beruht , dass man wal-mart und ähnliche großeinkaufsmärkte blind draufloswachsen lässt , was passiert dann , wenn diese quelle des wachstums versiegt ?
if so much of the us productivity edge really amounts to letting wal-mart and its big-box cousins run amok , what will happen after this source of growth tapers off ?
if such a large part of the united states &apos;s productivity upheaval is actually based on the fact that walt mart and similar large-scale purchases are being disposed of , what happens if this source of growth is sidelined ?
if such a large part of the us &apos;s productivity advance is actually based on the fact that walking mart and similar sales of sophisticated markets can be increased , which will happen if this source of growth is endured ?

tatsächlich hat sich das tempo , mit dem die ezb während der jüngsten monate inflationswarnungen ausgesprochen hat , gesteigert : aus der früheren &quot; wachsamkeit &quot; wurde im september &quot; besondere wachsamkeit &quot; und im oktober &quot; hohe wachsamkeit in bezug auf teuerungsgefahren &quot; .
indeed , the pace of ecb warnings about the risks of inflation has quickened in recent months -- the earlier &quot; we are vigilant &quot; became &quot; we are particularly vigilant &quot; in september , which became &quot; strong vigilance with regard to upside risks to price stability is warranted &quot; in october .
indeed , the speed with which the ecb has expressed its opinion over the last few months of inflation has increased : from the previous &apos; vigilance &apos; , special vigilance &apos; was made in september and in october &apos; high vigilance in relation to expensive risks &apos; .
indeed , the speed with which the ecb has expressed its opinion during recent months of inflation has increased : from the previous &apos; vigilance &apos; , special vigilance was given in september and in october &apos; high vigilance in relation to expensive dangers &apos; .

seitdem ist man sich in den usa weitgehend darüber einig , dass zyklische , wirtschaftliche schwierigkeiten es verlangen , haushaltsdefiziten in kauf zu nehmen , um das leiden zu lindern , die gesamtnachfrage anzuregen und die wirtschaftserholung zu beschleunigen .
since then the broad consensus in the us has been that cyclical economic distress requires the use of budget deficits to ameliorate suffering , stimulate aggregate demand , and hasten recovery .
since then , it has been widely agreed in the united states that cyclical , economic difficulties require the purchase of budgetary deficits in order to alleviate the suffering , encourage the overall demand and speed up economic recovery .
since then , the united states has largely agreed that cyclical , economic difficulties require us to buy budgetary deficits in order to alleviate the suffering , to encourage the total demand and speed up economic recovery .

dies ist der grund , warum syriens leugnen , dass es im irak eine störrolle spiele , selten ernst genommen wird und warum assad keine unterstützung seitens der amerikaner für neuerliche verhandlungen mit israel über die golan-höhen erreicht hat .
that is why syria &apos;s denials that it is playing a spoiler role in iraq are rarely taken seriously , and why assad has not gained american support for renewed negotiations with israel over the golan heights .
this is the reason why syria denies that it is an disturbed role in iraq , rarely takes seriously and why assad has not achieved support from the americans for new negotiations with israel on the golan courtesy .
this is the reason why syria deny that there is a problem in iraq , rarely being taken seriously , and why assad no support from the americans for new negotiations with israel on the gulf farms has been achieved .

dort begann es 1996 . im jahr 1997 erfasste dieser boom los angeles , new york und sidney , im jahr 1998 miami , moskau und shanghai und um das jahr 2002 vancouver .
boom mentality spread to los angeles , new york , and sydney around 1997 , to paris in 1998 , to miami , moscow , and shanghai in 2001 , and vancouver around 2002 .
in 1996 , it began in 1996 , and in 1997 , this boom , new york and siddda , in 1998 , miaci , moscow and shanghai , and the year 2002 .
in 1996 , it began in 1996 , and in 1997 , these boats were unfled , new york and siddddn , in 1998 , mimonnet , moscow and shanghai , and the year 2002 .

wir nahmen an allen großen europäischen entwicklungen in der musik , der literatur oder im film teil ( man denke beispielsweise an &quot; danton &quot; , einer von andrzej wajdas filmen aus der zeit der solidarnosc , bei denen es sich um polnisch-französische koproduktionen handelte ) .
we participated in all the major developments in european music , literature , and film ( think of andrzej wajda &apos;s films from the solidarity era , such as &quot; danton , &quot; which were french co-productions ) .
we took part in all the great european developments in music , literature or film ( for example , &apos; danton &apos; , one of andrzej wajim , from the time of solidarity , which was about polish co-productions ) .
we took part in all the major european developments in music , literature or in the film ( for example , &apos; danton &apos; , one of andrcej wajens &apos;s films from the time of solidarity , which was the case with polish french co-productions ) .

europäische liebhaber der darstellenden kunst verweisen auf die usa , wo unter anderem auch von musikdirektoren berühmter orchester erwartet wird , dass sie in vollem umfang an fundraising-aktivitäten teilnehmen und im namen des jeweiligen orchesters auf ebene lokaler initiativen aktiv werden .
performing arts advocates in europe point to the us where , among other things , music directors of even major orchestras are now expected to fully participate in fundraising activities and be active in the local community on the orchestras behalf .
the united states , among other things , is expected to take full part in fundo activities and to take active initiatives on behalf of the relevant orchestra at local level .
the united states , among other things , is expected by music chorers , to participate fully in flower activities and to be actively active in the name of the relevant orp at local level in local initiatives .

eine solche strategie durchzusetzen , kann von land zu land verschieden ausfallen . sie hängt nämlich von den vorhandenen fähigkeiten der verwaltung , dem vorherrschenden system wirtschaftlicher anreize , der flexibilität des fiskus , dem grad an raffinesse des finanzsystems und der dieser strategie vorgegebenen volkswirtschaft ab .
implementing such a strategy may differ from country to country , depending on administrative capacity , the prevailing incentive regime , the flexibility of the fiscal system , the degree of sophistication of the financial sector , and the underlying political economy .
a strategy of this kind can be implemented from country to country , because it depends on the existing skills of administration , the pre-economic incentives system , the flexibility of the fission , the degree of raffer of the financial system and the economy set up by this strategy .
in fact , it depends on the existing skills of the administration , the current economic incentives system , the flexibility of the fiscal focus , the degree to which the financial system has been set up and the economy set up by this strategy .

unsere zivilisation ist eine , die den egoismus zugunsten der eigenen familie und gruppe akzeptiert , die mit wenigen ausnahmen die autonomie des individuums in fragen der moral anerkennt und die gotteslästerung , kritik an der autorität und sogar zivilen ungehorsam als grundlegende freiheiten betrachtet .
ours is a civilization that accepts selfishness towards one &apos;s own family and group ; that tolerates , with few exceptions , autonomy in moral matters ; and that considers blasphemy , criticism of authority , and even civil disobedience fundamental freedoms .
our civilisation is one of our civilisation , which accepts selfishness in favour of its own family and group , which recognises the autonomy of individuals on morality with a few exceptions , and considers the gottling , criticism of the authority and even civilian freedoms as fundamental freedoms .
one of our civilisation is a civilisation that accepts selfism in favour of its own family and group , which , with a few exceptions , recognises the autonomy of the individual in moral matters and considers that gottling , criticism of the authority and even civil , is regarded as fundamental freedoms .

ließ sich sharon wirklich von den demografen überzeugen , dass das &quot; großisrael &quot; , das einst sein traum zu sein schien , tatsächlich das ende des jüdischen staates bedeuten würde , oder bedeutete seine rückzugsstrategie des &quot; gaza zuerst &quot; tatsächlich &quot; gaza allein &quot; ?
was sharon really convinced by demographers that the &quot; great israel &quot; that once seemed to be his dream would actually mean the end of a jewish state , or did his disengagement strategy of &quot; gaza first &quot; really mean &quot; gaza last &quot; ?
did sharon really convince sharon of the demographic that the &apos; big israel &apos; , which seemed to be its dream , would actually mean the end of the jewish state , or would it mean that its &apos; gaza &apos; strategy first &apos; was &apos; actually &apos; gaza &apos; alone ?
did sharon really convince sharon that the &apos; big israel &apos; , which seemed to be his dream , would actually mean the end of the jewish state , or would it mean that its &apos; gaza &apos; first &apos; strategy was actually &apos; in gaza alone ?

nach schlechter schnitten für denselben zeitraum die unheilspropheten ab : sie übertrieben die chancen auf negative veränderungen an denselben stellen , an denen die übertrieben zukunftsgläubigen das positive hervorhoben , sowie in weiteren bereichen . ( ich warte noch immer auf den unmittelbar bevorstehenden zerfall kanadas , nigerias , indiens , indonesiens , südafrikas , belgiens und des sudans . )
in the same period , doomsters performed even more poorly , exaggerating the chances of negative changes in all the same places where boomsters accentuated the positive , plus several more ( i still await the impending disintegration of canada , nigeria , india , indonesia , south africa , belgium , and sudan ) .
in the same period , it has an exaggeration of the opportunities for negative changes in the same way as those that have given rise to the most positive results , and in other areas ( i have still been waiting for the immediate collapse of canada , nigeria , indonesia , indonesia , indonesia , indonesia , sudan , sudan and sudan ) .
for the same period , it overlooks the same potential for negative changes , which highlight the positive creditor , and , in other areas , i am still waiting for the immediate fall of canada , the nigerian , india , india , south africa , sudan and the sudanese ) .

in ihrem bericht für 2003 schätzen die treuhänder der amerikanischen sozialversicherungstreuhandfonds , dass in den nächsten 75 jahren zur aufrechterhaltung der zahlungsfähigkeit des amerikanischen sozialversicherungssystems eine summe von 3,5 trillionen dollar nötig sein wird , was beinahe den gesamten heutigen staatsschulden der usa ( 3,9 trillionen dollar ) entspricht .
in their 2003 report , the trustees of the us social security administration trust funds estimate that maintaining the social security system &apos;s solvency for the next 75 years will require an amount whose present value is $ 3.5 trillion , nearly equal to today &apos;s total us government debt ( $ 3.9 trillion ) .
in its report for 2003 , the american social security fund estimates that the 75 years to maintain the american social security system will require a sum of eur 33.5 billion , which is almost what the united states is going to pay for today &apos;s national debt of trillion ( trillion ) .
in its 2003 report , the american social security fund , that in the next 75 years to maintain the american social security system , a sum of 3.5 million dollars will be needed , which is almost in line with the total debt of the us today ( dollar ) in its report for the american social security fund .

