aber die meisten menschen sehen die dinge anders .
but most people don &apos;t see things this way .
but most people see things differently .
but most people see things differently .

die heutigen arbeitgeber wollen hoch qualifizierte arbeitnehmer .
today &apos;s employers want highly skilled workers .
today &apos;s employers want highly qualified workers .
today &apos;s employers want high qualified workers .

der ausstieg hat begonnen .
the exit process has begun .
the phasing-out has begun .
the phasing-out has begun .

die einseitige straße zum frieden
the unilateral road to peace
the unilateral road to peace
unilateral road to peace

humanitäre interventionen rechtfertigen
justifying humanitarian intervention
humanitarian interventions are justified .
humanitarian interventions justify humanitarian intervention

unter den kommunistischen regimes sind ideologien völlig instrumentalisiert worden .
under the communist regimes , ideologies became totally instrumental .
ideologies have been completely used under the communist regime .
ideologies have been completely used under the communist regime .

die zähmung der politiker auf beiden seiten des atlantiks
taming politicians on both sides of the atlantic
the list of politicians on both sides of the atlantic
the list of politicians on both sides of the atlantic

lateinamerika kann sich noch weiterer langfristiger vorteile rühmen .
latin america boasts still other long-term advantages .
latin america can have more long-term benefits .
latin america can yet more long-term benefits .

deshalb sind wir auf koalitionen der willigen angewiesen .
so we are left with coalitions of the willing .
that is why we are dependent on coalitions of the willing .
that is why we need to rely on coalitions .

trotzdem ist der rest der welt nicht machtlos .
even so , the rest of the world is not powerless .
nevertheless , the rest of the world is not powerless .
nevertheless , the rest of the world is not powerless .

der terrorismus ist eine gewalttätige version eines &quot; agilen virtuellen unternehmens . &quot;
terrorism is a violent version of an &quot; agile virtual enterprise . &quot;
terrorism is a violent version of a &apos; virtual company &apos; .
terrorism is a violent version of a &apos; virtual company &apos; .

in großbritannien und den vereinigten staaten haben die monetaristen ihre wette gewonnen .
in britain and the united states , this monetarist bet turned out well .
in britain and the united states , monetary arists have won their feet .
in britain and the united states , the monetary arists have won their weather .

länder , die derzeit subventionierte lebensmittel importieren , werden schlechter dastehen .
countries that import currently subsidized food will be worse off .
countries that currently import subsidised food will be worse off .
countries that are currently subsidized to import food will be worse .

im inland ist die regierung noch immer mit ihren wirtschaftsreformen im rückstand .
the government is still lagging on its domestic economic reforms .
the government is still lagging behind its economic reforms .
the government is still lagging behind with its economic reforms .

um voranzukommen , brauchen entwicklungsländer eine neue wasserinfrastruktur und ein besseres management .
to move forward , developing countries need new water infrastructure and better management .
developing countries need a new water infrastructure and better management .
in order to move forward , developing countries need a new water infrastructure and better management .

der schlüssel zu erfolgreichen , höheren investitionen in die wasserinfrastruktur sind entsprechend höhere investitionen in wasserinstitutionen .
the key to successful increased investment in water infrastructure is an equally increased investment in water institutions .
the key to successful , higher investment in water infrastructure is , in line with higher investment in water institutions .
the key to successful , higher investment in water infrastructure is in line with higher investment in water institutions .

der widerstand der ezb und der kommission gegen eine rasche euroeinführung entbehrt jeder grundlage .
the opposition of the ecb and the commission to rapid euro adoption lacks strong foundations .
the opposition from the ecb and the commission to the rapid introduction of a euro based on each basis .
the resistance of the ecb and the commission to a speedy introduction of euro is based on every basis .

für die politiker ist es allerdings einfach , eine unverantwortliche geldpolitik an den tag zu legen .
but it &apos;s easy for politicians to be irresponsible about monetary policy .
however , it is easy for politicians to show an irresponsible monetary policy .
however , it is easy for politicians to impose an irresponsible monetary policy on the day .

der fünfte schock war die deutsche wiedervereinigung , die in wirtschaftlicher hinsicht ein fehlschlag war .
the fifth shock was german unification , which is a failure in economic terms .
the fifth shock was the german reunification , which was a failure in economic terms .
the fifth shock was the german reunification , which was a failure in economic terms .

eine der wenigen guten ideen in der lissabon-strategie war die aufhebung der handelsbarrieren für dienstleistungen .
one of the few good ideas contained in the lisbon strategy was to remove barriers to trade in services .
one of the few good ideas in the lisbon strategy was the lifting of trade barriers to services .
one of the few good ideas in the lisbon strategy was the lifting of trade barriers to services .

aber nichts dergleichen liegt offen genug zu tage , um die behörden zu veranlassen , ihre prioritäten zu überdenken .
but none of this is apparently enough to force officials to re-examine their priorities .
but nothing is open enough to days to encourage the authorities to rethink their priorities .
but nothing is open enough to carry out the authorities to review their priorities .

im gegensatz zu den zwei anderen psychologischen gründen , hat die spekulative ansteckung einmal ein ende .
in contrast to the other two psychological causes , speculative contagion has a natural end .
contrary to the two other psychological reasons , speculative infection has ended .
in contrast to the two other psychological reasons , the speculation reduction has once ended .

die neue ccs-technologie kann dabei den ausstoß von co2 bei der stromproduktion um 80 % reduzieren .
this new technology , called &quot; carbon capture and sequestration , &quot; can cut by 80 % the carbon dioxide emitted during the production of electricity .
the new cccs technology can reduce co2 emissions by 80 % in electricity production .
the new cs technology can reduce co2 emissions in electricity production by 80 % .

zumal 70 % des europäischen bip auf dienstleistungen entfallen , sind die potenziellen auswirkungen eines verbesserten wettbewerbs beachtlich .
because services account for 70 % of european gdp , the potential impact from enhanced competition is substantial .
since 70 % of european gdp accounts for services , the potential effects of improved competition are significant .
since 70 % of european gdp accounts for services , the potential effects of improved competition are significant .

eine derartige expansive haushaltspolitik würde jedoch ein land für einen baldigen eurobeitritt disqualifizieren .
however , such fiscal expansion would probably disqualify a country from entering the euro any time soon .
however , such an extension of budgetary policies would discredit a country for a rapid euro accession .
however , such an increase in budgetary policy would discredit a country for the early entry of euroaccession .

die debatte wird erstaunlicherweise immer hitziger , obgleich es ungewiss ist , ob nmd jemals funktionieren wird .
amazingly , debate is heating up even though it is uncertain that nmd will work .
the debate is astonishing , even though it is uncertain whether nmd will ever work .
it is astonishing that the debate is always heated , even though it is certainly not true that nmd will ever work .

die ansicht der opposition - die von dem rechten flügel der bush-regierung geteilt wird - ist ebenso wenig überzeugend .
the opposition &apos;s view--shared by rightists in the bush administration--is equally unconvincing .
the opposition &apos;s view - shared by the right of the bush administration - is equally unconvincing .
the opposition &apos;s view - which is shared by the right of the bush government - is just as convincing .

außerdem wurden andere wasserprobleme , wie z. b. das überschwemmungsrisiko , auf ein überschaubares niveau reduziert .
in addition , other water-related issues , such as the risks posed by flooding , have been reduced to manageable levels .
in addition , other water problems , such as the risk of flooding , have been reduced to an excessive level .
in addition , other water problems , such as the risk of floods , have been reduced to excessive levels .

zulassung und gebrauch von medikamenten erfordern ein gewissenhaftes abwägen der erwünschten und unerwünschten wirkungen .
drug approval and use requires a careful weighing of desirable and undesirable effects .
authorisation and use of medicines require careful consideration of the desired and undesirable effects .
authorisation and use of medicines require a fair balance of the desired and unwanted effects .

letzten endes mündeten die budgetverhandlungen in einen dreikampf zwischen großbritannien , frankreich und den neuen mitgliedsstaaten .
in the event , it turned into a three-way battle between britain , france and the new member states .
at the end of the day , the budgetary negotiations began in a three-way battle between britain , france and the new member states .
at the end of the day , the budgetary negotiations began in a three-way struggle between britain , france and the new member states .

obwohl die hoffnung , den friedensfahrplan wiederzubeleben , durch die besten absichten motiviert ist , entspricht sie nicht der realität .
while motivated by the best of intentions , the hope of reviving the road map is out of touch with reality .
although the hope of reviving the peace roadmap is motivated by the best intentions , it is not true of reality .
although the hope of reviving the peace roadmap is motivated by the best intentions , it is not in reality .

umgekehrt ist die peitsche erforderlich , um sicherzustellen , dass solche initiativen nicht investitionen unproduktiv und verschwenderisch binden .
in turn , the stick is needed to ensure that these incentives do not lock in unproductive and wasteful investments .
on the other hand , the peitals are required to ensure that such initiatives do not involve investment unproductive and wavering .
on the other hand , the pet is necessary in order to ensure that such initiatives do not involve investment unproductive and wasted .

doch nach fünf jahren militärischer anstrengungen haben die von der bekämpfung eines geeinten aggressors ausgehende strategien die lage nur verschärft .
yet after five years of military exertions , strategies based on targeting a united aggressor have only made the situation worse .
after five years of military efforts , however , the situation has only been exacerbated by the fight against a united aggression .
after five years of military efforts , however , the situation has only been exacerbated by the fight against a united aggression policy .

und wenn wir ökonomen ein bestimmtes verhalten sehen , dass zerstörerische nebeneffekte hat , besteuern wir es gerne .
and when economists see behavior that has destructive side effects , we like to tax it .
and if we see a certain behaviour in economic terms that destructive effects have , we would like to tax it .
if we look at economic behaviour , then we are happy to see a certain degree of behaviour that the destruction of the accident has a result , we would like to do so .

die gläubiger wussten oder hätten zumindest wissen sollen , dass das geld nicht für die indonesische entwicklung vorgesehen war .
lenders knew , or should have known , that not all of the money was going to help indonesian development .
the creditors knew or should at least have known that the money was not earmarked for indonesian development .
the creditors knew or , at least , should have known that the money was not provided for the indonesian development .

es ist gar nicht nötig , 100 % der wähler auf seine seite zu bekommen , es müssen nur genug sein , um die wahlen zu gewinnen .
it is not necessary to please 100 % of the voters , only enough to win .
it is not necessary to obtain 100 % of voters on his side , but it must be enough to win the elections .
it is not necessary to obtain 100 % of the voters on their side , but it is only enough to win the elections .

präsidialsysteme tragen daher immer auch das hohe risiko langandauernder pattsituationen in sich - wie man heute in venezuela sieht .
presidential systems therefore risk lengthy stand-offs that threaten democracy--as in venezuela today .
it is therefore always the high risk that the paternity situation continues - as is seen today in venezuela .
it is therefore always the high risk of long-lasting patents in venezuela - as we see today in venezuela .

defizite bringen nicht nur unmittelbar vorrangige politische themen aufs tapet , sondern auch fragen der verteilungsgerechtigkeit und risikoverteilung zwischen den generationen .
deficits raise not only immediate political issues , but also issues of distributive justice between generations , and of intergenerational risk sharing .
deficits are not only causing priority political issues , but also questions of distribution of justice and risk sharing between generations .
deficits do not only cause immediate political issues , but also questions of distribution of justice and risk distribution between generations .

man probierte es mit vielen strategien , vor allem mit handelsliberalisierung , der privatisierung ineffizienter staatsbetriebe und mit haushaltsreformen .
many policies have been tried , especially trade liberalization , privatization of inefficient state enterprises , and budgetary reforms .
we have been proclaimed with many strategies , in particular trade liberalisation , privatisation of inefficient state farms and budgetary reforms .
it was proclaimed with many strategies , particularly with trade liberalisation , privatisation of inefficient state farms and budgetary reforms .

trotz aids und des wiederauflebens von malaria und tuberkulose hat die lebenserwartung in weiten teilen der welt aufgrund verbesserter öffentlicher gesundheitssysteme zugenommen .
despite aids and the resurgence of malaria and tuberculosis , life expectancy has increased in much of the world due to improved public health systems .
despite aids and the reconstruction of malaria and tuberculosis , life expectancy in large parts of the world has increased due to improved public health systems .
despite aids and the reconstruction of malaria and tuberculosis , life expectancy in large parts of the world has increased due to improved public health systems .

so erregen sich die gemüter über etwas , das -- falls es jemals in ferner zukunft eintreten wird -- viel bewirken mag oder auch nicht .
so tempers are rising over something which , if and when it happens in the distant future , may or may not have much impact .
that is the worrying thing about something that - if ever it will continue to happen in the future - may or will not happen .
that is the way in which the cradle of something that , if ever in the future , will ever happen , will have a great deal to be done or not .

eine wirksame strategie muss zwei aufgaben bewältigen , nämlich investitionen in nicht übliche bereiche ermutigen und projekte und investitionen ausjäten , die missraten dürften .
an effective strategy must accomplish two tasks : encourage investment in non-traditional areas , and weed out projects and investments that fail .
an effective strategy must tackle two tasks , namely investment in non-normal areas , encouraging projects and investment , which should be misused .
an effective strategy must deal with two tasks , namely investment in non-normal areas , encouraging projects and investment , which should be misunderstood .

obwohl die aktuelle regierungskoalition , die aus konservativen und populisten besteht , erfolgreich ist , mag ungarns rechter die wirkliche herausforderung noch bevorstehen .
although the current governing coalition , consisting of conservatives and populists , has been successful , the real reckoning for hungary &apos;s right may still be yet to come .
although the current coalition of government , which consists of conservatives and populists , it may be hungary &apos;s real challenge .
despite the fact that the current government coalition , which consists of conservatives and populists , is successful , hungary may have the real challenge .

solche fragen waren in der vergangenheit weniger wichtig , u.a. deshalb , weil grundlegende demokratische werte weniger abstrakt waren , als sie es heute zu sein scheinen .
such questions were never so urgent in the past , partly because fundamental democratic values were less abstract than they seem nowadays .
such issues were less important in the past , including because basic democratic values were less abstract than they seem to be today .
such issues were less important in the past , including because fundamental democratic values were less abstract than they seem to be today .

die ironie besteht in diesem fall darin , dass chávez damals selbst das muster für die lösung der heutigen pattsituation geliefert hat .
the paradox here is that chávez &apos;s earlier example may provide the solution to today &apos;s standoff .
in this case , the irony is that chávez himself provided the model for resolving today &apos;s paternity situation .
in this case , the irony is that chávez , at the time , has set itself the model for resolving today &apos;s patent situation .

der hauptsächliche zweck dieser neuen verfassung ist ihre präambel , in der der kosovo als ein unveräußerlicher teil serbiens verankert wird .
the main purpose of his new constitution is its preamble , which enshrines kosovo as an inalienable part of serbia .
the main purpose of this new constitution is its preamble to kosovo as an inalienable part of serbia .
the main purpose of this new constitution is its preamble in which kosovo is enshrined as an inalienable part of serbia .

aus diesem grund schlug ich putin vor , einen eigenen ombudsmann für menschenrechte in tschetschenien zu installieren , der dann die ganze zeit vor ort wäre .
this is why i suggested to putin that chechnya have its own regional rights ombudsman who would spend all his time there .
for this reason , i proposed that putin set up a own ombudsman for human rights in chechnya , which would then be the whole time on the ground .
for this reason , i proposed that putin set up an ombudsman for human rights in chechnya , which would then be the whole time on the ground .

der vierte schock war die osterweiterung , die außergewöhnliche handels- und anlagechancen im osten eröffnete , zugleich aber eine massive niedriglohnkonkurrenz mit sich brachte .
the fourth shock was eastern eu enlargement , which has brought extraordinary chances for trade and investment in the east , but has also brought massive low-wage competition .
the fourth shock was the eastward enlargement , the extraordinary trade and investment opportunities in the east , but at the same time there was a massive low level of competition .
the fourth shock was the enlargement of the east , the extraordinary trade and investment opportunities opened up in the east , but at the same time a massive low price competition .

das dadurch verursachte elend ist offensichtlich , doch wird auch das wirtschaftswachstum gebremst , auf das millionen von menschen angewiesen sind , um der armut zu entkommen .
this will cause obvious hardship , but it will also hold back the economic growth needed for millions of people to escape poverty .
the poverty caused by this is obvious , but economic growth is also being reduced to the millions of people who need to escape poverty .
it is obvious that this is caused by poverty , but economic growth will also be reduced to the millions of people in order to escape poverty .

während die truppen auf einen flexiblen einmarsch und rückzug ausgelegt waren , setzte die bush-administration sie schließlich für eine altmodische besetzung des landes ein .
while the forces were deployed for a flexible entry and withdrawal , the bush administration ended up using them for an old-fashioned occupation .
while the troops were based on a flexible margin and withdrawal , the bush administration finally provided them for a country &apos;s old-fashioned occupation .
while the troops were based on a flexible margin and withdrawal , the bush administration finally put them in favour of an old motives of the country .

andere wiederum halten in chodorkowskys fall nichts davon , denn er könnte die kaution leicht aufbringen und sich dann ins ausland absetzen .
others say that this is not an option in khodorkovsky &apos;s case - being very rich , he could easily jump bail and flee abroad .
others , in turn , do not think anything about it in chodorkovskys , because it could easily get rid of it and then go abroad .
otherwise , there is nothing to be said in rodorkovsky , because it could be easy to get rid of the brains and then move on abroad .

zeitlich beschränkte subventionen , öffentlich zur verfügung stehendes wagniskapital und exportbeihilfen sind einige wege , auf denen diese herangehensweise realisiert werden kann . aber es gibt noch viele andere .
time-bound subsidy schemes , public venture funds , and export subsidization are some of the ways in which this approach can be implemented , but there are many others .
temporary subsidies , publicly available capital and export subsidies are some ways in which this approach can be implemented , but there are many others .
for the time being limited subsidies , public capital and export subsidies are some ways of achieving this approach , but there are many others .

in wahrheit jonglieren wirtschaftspolitiker mit einer ganzen anzahl möglicher katastrophen herum . erscheint ein szenario zu bedrohlich , wird es unverzüglich durch ein scheinbar harmloseres ersetzt .
the truth is that economic policymakers are juggling sets of potential disasters , exchanging the one that appears most threatening for a threat that seems more distant .
the truth is that in truth jong economic politicians , with a whole range of possible disasters , seems to be threatened by a scenario , it will be replaced without delay by a apparently nightmare .
in truth , mr president , economic politicians , with a whole number of possible disasters , seem to be in danger of threatening a scenario , it is immediately replaced by a apparently lofty .

die einführung des euro wäre für sie eine wunderbare möglichkeit , diesen risiken aus dem weg zu gehen und sich auf die schaffung von realem wachstum in ihren volkswirtschaften zu konzentrieren .
adopting the euro would give them a great way to escape such risks and focus on creating real growth in their economies .
the introduction of the euro would be a wonderful opportunity for them to take these risks out of the road and to focus on the creation of real growth in their economies .
the introduction of the euro would be a wonderful opportunity for them to go along with these risks and to focus on the creation of rice growth in their economies .

sie stellt ein forum dar , in dem neue handelsliberalisierungsabkommen verhandelt werden , lösungen für protektionistische und diskriminierende politik gesucht und meinungsverschiedenheiten mit handelspartnern beigelegt werden .
it provides a forum in which to negotiate new trade liberalization agreements , seek remedies against protectionist and discriminatory policies , and resolve disputes with trading partners .
it is a forum in which new trade liberalisation agreements are negotiated , seeking solutions to protectionist and discriminatory policies and resolving differences with trade partners .
it is a forum in which new trade liberalisation agreements are negotiated , solutions to protectionist and discriminatory policies are sought and differences of opinion with trade partners .

aber die unbesonnene anwendung dieser mechanismen zur erreichung kurzfristiger ziele kann langfristige kosten verursachen . das rechtfertigt manche beschränkung der freiheit von politikern , die makroökonomische politik zu beeinflussen .
but reckless use of either mechanism for short-term goals may create long-term costs , justifying some restrictions on politicians &apos; latitude in influencing macroeconomic policies .
however , the unjust application of these mechanisms to achieve short-term objectives can cause long-term costs , which justifies some restrictions on the freedom of politicians to influence macroeconomic policy .
however , the unexpected application of these mechanisms to achieve short-term objectives may cause long-term costs , which justifies some restrictions on the freedom of politicians to influence macroeconomic policy .

wie bei so vielen anderen dingen kam es auch in diesem fall anders : die großen gewinner sind die ölkonzerne , während die us- und die weltwirtschaft zu den verlierern zählen .
as in so many other ways , things have turned out differently : the oil companies are the big winners , while the american and global economies are losers .
like so many other things , there have also been different in this case : the big winners are the oil companies , while the us and the world economy are among the losers .
as with so many other things , there has also been different in this case : the large winners are the oil companies , while the us and the world economy are among the losers .

klar jedoch scheint , dass die ezb die pressekonferenz im oktober genutzt hat , um politiker , gewerkschaften und die märkte zu warnen , dass die lange phase geldpolitischer inaktivität zu ende geht .
but what seems clear is that the ecb used the october press conference to warn politicians , trade unions , and the markets that its long period of monetary-policy inactivity is coming to an end .
however , it seems clear that the ecb took advantage of the press conference in october in order to warn politicians , trade unions and markets that the long period of monetary activity is coming to an end .
however , it seems clear that the ecb has used the press conference in october to warn politicians , trade unions and markets that the long period of monetary activity is to end .

diese spannungen sind in der tat derart weit reichend , dass jede chance auch nur auf den beginn des dringend erforderlichen aussöhnungsprozesses nun weit in die zukunft verlagert werden muss .
so pervasive is this tension , in fact , that any chance of even beginning the much-needed reconciliation process must now be pushed far into the future .
in fact , these tensions are so far-reaching that every opportunity must now be shifted to the future only at the beginning of the much-needed reconciliation process .
in fact , these tensions are so far-reaching that any opportunity must now be transferred to the future at the beginning of the urgently needed reconciliation process .

tatsächlich werden organisationen , die sich offiziell verpflichtet haben , alle nationen in ihre entscheidungsfindung einzubeziehen , oft von kleinen gruppen mächtiger nationen beherrscht , während die anderen kaum noch an den sitzungen teilnehmen .
indeed , organizations that are officially committed to involving all nations in their decision making are often controlled by small groups of powerful nations , while others merely go through the motions of participation .
in fact , organisations that have officially committed themselves to involving all nations in their decision-making , often dominated by small groups of powerful nations , while others are hardly participating in meetings .
in fact , organisations that have officially committed themselves to including all nations in their decision-making process are often dominated by small groups of powerful nations , while the others are not even taking part in meetings .

kürzlich vorgelegte beweise , wonach bessere panzerwesten für die soldaten die zahl der toten und verwundeten erheblich gesenkt hätte belegen , wie kurzfristige sparsamkeit zu langfristigen kosten führen kann .
recent evidence that deaths and injuries would have been greatly reduced had better body armor been provided to troops suggests how short-run frugality can lead to long-run costs .
the recent evidence that better panic for soldiers would have significantly reduced the number of dead and injured people , showing how short-term austerity can lead to long-term costs .
recent evidence of proof that better panic for the soldiers would have significantly reduced the number of deaths and people who have died , could lead to short-term austerity costs .

im irak haben die usa gewalt als letztes mittel angewandt , gegen ein erwiesenermaßen aggressives land und nachdem ein hohes maß an internationalem konsens darüber erzielt worden war , welche auflagen der irak hätte erfüllen müssen .
in iraq , the us used force as a last resort , against a country with a clear record of aggression , and after a large degree of international consensus had developed about what iraq needed to do .
in iraq , the united states used violence as a last resort , against a proven aggressive country and , having reached a high level of international consensus on the requirements of iraq .
in iraq , the united states has applied violence as a last resort , against a clear aggressive country , and after a high level of international consensus has been reached on the requirements of iraq .

obwohl sich präsident george w. bush zweimal für den tod der mädchen entschuldigte , werden weiter vehement änderungen des sofa-abkommens gefordert , das den gesetzlichen rahmen für die stationierung amerikanischer truppen in südkorea bildet .
although president george w. bush apologized twice for the deaths of the girls , demands continue to escalate for changing the status of force agreement ( sofa ) that governs the legal treatment of american troops stationed in south korea .
despite the fact that president george bush has promised twice for the death of girls , there are still strong amendments to the sofaa agreement calling for the legal framework for the deployment of american troops in south korea .
despite president george bush &apos;s apologies for the death of girls , there are still strong changes to the softy agreement , which is the legal framework for the deployment of american troops in south korea .

die preise in glamour-städten werden vermutlich bei der nächsten ernstlichen rezession , oder im falle eines schocks für die lokale wirtschaft sowie bei zu rasant steigenden zinssätzen , drastisch fallen .
prices in glamour cities are likely to drop sharply the next time there is a serious recession , or if the local economy suffers a severe shock , or if interest rates rise too fast .
the prices of glamour-cities will probably fall dramatically in the next serious recession , or in the event of a shock for the local economy , as well as on rapidly increasing interest rates .
the prices in glamb cities will probably be dramatically affected by the next serious recession , or in the event of a shoot for local economy , as well as in rapidly increasing interest rates .

seit den frühen 1980er jahren gab es in lateinamerika wenig fortschritte . in weiten teilen der region stiegen die pro-kopf-einkommen nur langsam ( wenn überhaupt ) und eine große krise jagte die andere .
since the early 1980 &apos;s , latin america has been stuck , with per capita incomes growing slowly ( if at all ) in most of the region , and with one big crisis following another .
since the early 1980s , little progress has been made in latin america , and in large parts of the region the per capita income has only increased slowly ( if at all ) and a major crisis has affected others .
since the early 1980s , there has been little progress in latin america , and in large parts of the region , the per capita income has only been slow ( if at all ) and a major crisis was the other .

es war auch das unrühmliche ende der sechsmonatigen ratspräsidentschaft großbritanniens , während der sich das image des landes als merkwürdiger außenseiter in der europäischen union festigte .
it also brought to a sorry close the uk &apos;s six-month presidency of the european council , confirming britain &apos;s long-standing reputation as the odd-man-out in the european union .
it was also the unwarranted end of the six-month presidency of the united kingdom , while the country &apos;s image was seen as a strange foreign policy in the european union .
it was also the unpleasant end of the six monatics presidency of the united kingdom , while the image of the country as a strange foreign er in the european union .

erst nach seiner wiederwahl im herbst 2002 gab er seine vorherige populistische haltung auf , die durch kurzfristige korrekturen und das neokorporatistische bestreben , zwischen gewerkschaften und arbeitgeberverbã <unk> nden zu vermitteln , gekennzeichnet war .
only after his re-election in autumn 2002 , did he give up his previous populist stance , short-term responses and neo-corporatist ways of trying to talk trade unions and employers &apos; associations into compromise .
it was only after its re-election in autumn 2002 that it had its prior populist attitude , which was marked by short-term corrections and the neoliberal desire to communicate between trade unions and employers &apos; representatives .
only after his re-election in autumn 2002 , he marked his previous populist attitude , which was characterised by short-term corrections and the neo-corridors &apos; desire to enact between trade unions and employers &apos; services .

vielleicht liegt hier auch der grund für die weigerung präsident bushs , premierminister orban zu treffen und man vermutet , dass ungarn der beitritt zur nato verweigert worden wäre , hatte orban bereits davor solche töne angeschlagen .
fear about this may be one reason why president bush refused to meet prime minister orban recently , and there are frequent suggestions that , had orban spoken as he now does before hungary joined nato , his country &apos;s application would have been rejected .
perhaps the reason for the refusal of president bush to meet prime minister orban and we suspect that hungary would have been refused to join nato was that orban had already been beaten by this kind of anger .
perhaps there is also the reason for the refusal of president bush to meet prime minister orban , and we suspect that hungary had been refused to join nato , orban had already been beaten against this kind .

wenn ein teil dieses geldes in investitionen im inland wie beispielsweise in den straßenbau , das schulwesen und die forschung geflossen wäre , hätte man die amerikanische wirtschaft damit kurzfristig stärker angekurbelt und ihr wachstum langfristig gesteigert .
we estimate that if a proportion of that money had been allocated to domestic investment in roads , schools , and research , the american economy would have been stimulated more in the short run , and its growth would have been enhanced in the long run .
if a part of this money had been invested in investment in , for example , road building , school and research , the american economy would have increased in the short term and increased its growth in the long term .
if a part of this money in investment , such as road building , school and research , the american economy would have been increased in the short term and increase its growth in the long term .

wenn der sicherheitsrat zu keiner entscheidung über den endgültigen status gelangt , wird dies zu einer bedenklichen lage führen : der kosovo würde seine unabhängigkeit einseitig erklären , und alle nationen müssten sich entscheiden , ob sie den neuen staat anerkennen .
if the security council fails to reach a decision on final status , it will produce a grave situation : kosovo would declare independence unilaterally , and all nations would have to make up their mind whether or not to recognize the new state .
if the security council does not reach any decision on the final status , this will lead to a worrying situation : kosovo would unilaterally explain its independence , and all nations should decide whether to recognise the new state .
if the security council does not reach any decision on the final status , this will lead to a serious situation : kosovo would unilaterally explain its independence , and all nations should decide whether they recognise the new state .

dennoch herrscht ein krasser widerspruch zwischen der universalität und vormachtstellung der menschenrechte einerseits und den prinzipien der souveränität und nichteinmischung in die inneren angelegenheiten eines staates , die ebenso in uno-dokumenten festgehalten sind .
yet a glaring contradiction exists between the universality and supremacy of human rights and the principles of sovereignty and non-interference in states &apos; internal affairs , which are also enshrined in un documents .
however , there is still a strong contradiction between the universal nature and preparedness of human rights , on the one hand , and the principles of sovereignty and non-interference in the internal affairs of a state that is also held in un documents .
nevertheless , there is a serious contradiction between the universal and power of human rights , on the one hand , and the principles of sovereignty and non-interference in the internal affairs of a state that is also held in un documents .

aber als bernal die kristalle in einem lichtmikroskop betrachtete , fiel ihm auf , dass eine große menge wasser in den kristallgittern verdampft war und die gitter daher ihre regelmäßigkeit verloren hatten .
but when bernal observed the crystals in a light microscope , he noticed that as the large amount of water in the crystal lattice evaporated , they became disordered .
however , when the crèches were all in a light microste , he was aware that a large amount of water was in the crèches and the giters had therefore lost their regular character .
however , as a bery , all of them were in a veil , he found that a great deal of water was lost in the crystal galls and that the giters had therefore lost their regular perseverance .

die probleme der eu bestehen in stagnierenden erträgen , einer hohen strukturellen arbeitslosigkeit , einem schwachen produktivitätsanstieg , der verschwenderischen und ungerechten gemeinsamen agrarmarktpolitik ( cap ) und in der bevorstehenden , strukturellen anpassungen an die eu-erweiterung .
the eu &apos;s problems are stagnant output , high structural unemployment , weak productivity growth , the wasteful and unfair common agricultural policy ( cap ) , and the forthcoming structural adjustments from the expansion of the eu itself .
the eu &apos;s problems are in stagnant contracts , high structural unemployment , a weak increase in productivity , the wasteful and unjust common agricultural policy ( cap ) and the forthcoming structural adjustments to eu enlargement .
the eu ’ s problems are in nights , a high level of structural unemployment , a weak increase in productivity , the downward and unfair common agricultural policy ( cap ) and in the forthcoming structural adjustments to eu enlargement .

mit der freigabe der kapitalkonten wird der wechselkurs der rupie mehr von den kapitalflüssen als von unterschieden der inflationsrate bestimmt , da indiens inflationsrate weitgehend mit der durchschnittlichen inflationsrate der oecd von ungefähr 3 % übereinstimmt .
with capital-account convertibility , the rupee &apos;s exchange rate will be determined more by capital flows than by inflation differentials , as india &apos;s inflation rate remains broadly in line with the oecd average of around 3 % .
the exchange rate of capital accounts will be determined by the exchange rate of capital as a distinction between inflation rates , as india &apos;s rate of inflation is largely in line with the average inflation rate of the oecd of around 3 % .
with the release of capital accounts , the exchange rate of capital is determined by more capital flights than from the rate of inflation , since india &apos;s inflation rate is largely in line with the average inflation rate of the oecd of approximately 3 % .

im jahr 1992 setzte dann deng xiaoping die rascheste und umfassendste durchmarktung in der geschichte einer gesellschaft in bewegung und beschleunigte damit chinas spektakulären aufstieg zu einer wirtschaftlichen supermacht .
then , in 1992 , deng xiaoping set in motion one of the most rapid and total marketizations of a society in history , catalyzing china &apos;s spectacular rise as an economic superpower .
in 1992 , then , the rase and the most comprehensive market management in the history of a society in a movement and accelerated china &apos;s spectacular rise in an economic superpower .
in 1992 , in 1992 , deng xiaoping then brought up the rab and most comprehensive market management in the history of a society in a movement and accelerated manner in china &apos;s spectacular spectacle to an economic superpower .

dank der skaleneffekte des gemeinsamen marktes konnte nokia seine erfindungen im vollen umfang zur geltung bringen , während siemens , der deutsche hersteller von mobiltelefonen , vor kurzem beschloss , sich aus dem handymarkt zurückzuziehen .
due to the economies of scale that the common market made possible , nokia was able to exploit its inventions fully , while germany &apos;s siemens recently decided to give up on the mobile phone market .
thanks to the skin effects of the common market , nokia has been able to make full use of its inventions , while the winner , the german manufacturers of mobile phones , recently decided to withdraw from the handyt market .
thanks to the effects of the common market , nokia has been able to carry out its inventions in full , while the german manufacturers of mobile telephones , recently decided to withdraw from the hand-on market .

ende der 1970er jahre wetteten die monetaristen , dass nur eine vorübergehende und bescheidene zunahme der arbeitslosigkeit die schleichende -- und voranschreitende -- inflation des industrialisierten westens zügeln könne und dass die kosten für eine rückkehr zu effektiver preisstabilität rückblickend als lohnend beurteilt würden .
at the end of the 1970 &apos;s , monetarists bet that only a transitory and modest increase in unemployment could rein in the creeping -- and trotting -- inflation of the industrial west , and that in retrospect the cost of returning to effective price stability would be judged worthwhile .
at the end of the 1970s , the monetary arists said that only a temporary and modest increase in unemployment could be seen as a downward and gradual inflation of the industrialised west , and that the costs of return to effective price stability would be regarded as worthwhile .
at the end of the 1970s , the monetary arists said that only a temporary and modest increase in unemployment would be a temporary and modest increase in unemployment , the gradual and advanced inflation of the industrialised west , and that the cost of return to more effective price stability would be considered to be more profitable .

daraufhin verlangte der bayerische ministerpräsident edmund stoiber , kanzlerkandidat der konservativen cdu / csu und unerschütterlicher verteidiger der sudetendeutschen , schröder solle als reaktion auf zemans ausbruch einen geplanten besuch in prag absagen .
edmund stoiber , bavaria &apos;s leader , the conservative cdu / csu candidate for german chancellor against current chancellor schroeder , and a staunch advocate of the sudeten germans , demanded that schroeder cancel a scheduled visit to prague in response to zeman &apos;s outburst .
as a result , the bavarian prime minister edmand stoiber , chancellor landit of the conservatives cdu / csu , and unwarranted defenders of sun german , should say that , as a response to manbroke , a planned visit to prague should be made .
then , the bayeran prime minister , mr edmiber and mr stober , chancellor landaandat dat of the conservative cu / csu and unwarranted defence of the sun german , mr schröder should say that a planned visit to prague should be sent to prague .

drei psychologische gründe stechen dabei heraus : erstens die veränderte wahrnehmung der menschen hinsichtlich der wertquellen in einer sich verändernden weltwirtschaft . zweitens das zunehmende vertrauen in &quot; glamouröse &quot; städte , die man überall kennt und drittens die schlicht schwindel erregende dynamik spekulativer blasen .
three psychological causes stand out : first , a change in people &apos;s perceptions about the source of value in a changing world economy ; second , increasing public faith in &quot; glamour &quot; cities with international name recognition ; and third , the plain giddy dynamics of speculative bubbles .
firstly , the change in the value of people in a changing world economy ; secondly , the increasing confidence in &apos; glamb cities &apos; , which is known everywhere and thirdly , the downgrading dynamism of speculators .
firstly , the change of people in the value of a changing world economy , and secondly , the growing trust in &apos; glamb &apos; cities , which are known everywhere and , thirdly , the only worrying dynamic dynamic of speculative speculators .

letztlich lässt sich johannes paul ii in keine schablone pressen und oft vereinigt er widersprüchliches in sich : die ablehnung des kompromisses mit der ökumene , härte mit herzlichkeit , intellektuelle offenheit mit dem beharren auf theologische orthodoxie .
in the end , john paul ii does not fit neatly into any category and often represents a meeting of opposites : rejection of compromise with ecumenism , toughness with warmth , intellectual openness with insistence on theological orthodoxy .
at the end of the day , john paul ii has not been in a cheque and is often contradictory : the rejection of the compromise with the ecumene , with great heart , intellectual openness , with the insistence on theological orthodoxy .
at the end of the day , john paul ii does not pretend to be a shouse and often contradictory in itself : the rejection of the compromise with the oil mentality , with heart , intellectual openness with the insistence on orthodox orthodox xy .

da die regierung aber weder andere ausgaben beschränkt noch steuern erhöht hat , wurden die militärausgaben fremdfinanziert und so kommen zu den direkten kosten wohl noch einmal zwischen 98 milliarden dollar ( konservativ ) und 385 milliarden dollar ( moderat ) an zinskosten für diese schulden hinzu .
arguably , since the government has not reined in other expenditures or increased taxes , the expenditures have been debt financed , and the interest costs on this debt add another $ 98 billion ( conservative ) to $ 385 billion ( moderate ) to the budgetary costs .
however , since the government has not limited any other expenditure or taxes , military expenditure has been financed , and the direct costs of the usd 98 billion ( conservative ) and 385 billion dollars ( usd 385 billion ) have been added to the cost of this debt .
however , since the government has not limited any other expenditure or taxes , military expenditure has been financed by foreign expenditure and , in this way , the direct costs will be added to the direct costs between 98 billion dollars ( conservative ) and 385 billion dollars ( moderate ) at interest costs for these debt costs .

mag schrã <unk> ders reformagenda angesichts der gravierenden probleme deutschlands - einer sich beschleunigenden abnahme der bevã <unk> lkerungszahl , einem ã ¼ berregulierten arbeitsmarkt sowie einem verschwommenen und verwirrenden steuersystem - auch als bei weitem zu zaghaft erscheinen , so werden viele der vorgenommenen einschnitte von den stammwã <unk> hlern der spd , insbesondere den mã <unk> chtigen gewerkschaften , als ã <unk> uã <unk> erst grausam wahrgenommen .
in view of germany &apos;s most pressing problems - an accelerating demographic decline , an overregulated labour market , and a cloudy and confusing tax system - schröder &apos;s reform agenda may look far too timid , but many cuts have been perceived as extremely cruel by the spd &apos;s core constituency , especially the powerful labour unions .
in view of the serious problems faced by germany , one of the reasons for the number of lords in the labour market that has been regulated , and a sophisticated and confused tax system - even far too far from being too timid , many of the preamble will be perceived by the whims of the whims of the whims , particularly in the case of the mims of the trade unions , in particular , as a cruel concern .
in view of the serious problems of germany - an uniformity in the liberalisation of the labour market , a trade organisation , which has been described as a shadows in the face of the serious problems of germany - a number of people who have been involved in the liberalisation process , a trade organisation which has been set up in the field of justice , and which seems to me to be a shadowed and confused tax system - as far as far as we are concerned , so many of the preparedness of the cuts in the world trade unions , particularly the md &apos;md , which has been the most serious concern for the development of the world trade unions .

aufgrund meiner sorge , dass die bush-administration die weltöffentlichkeit über die kosten des irakkrieges womöglich ebenso hinters licht führen könnte wie über die massenvernichtungswaffen des irak und dessen verbindungen zur al-kaida , tat ich mich mit der budgetexpertin linda bilmes von der universität harvard zusammen , um der frage der kriegskosten auf den grund zu gehen .
concerned that the bush administration might be misleading everyone about the iraq war &apos;s costs , just as it had about iraq &apos;s weapons of mass destruction and connection with al qaida , i teamed up with linda bilmes , a budget expert at harvard , to examine the issue .
on the basis of my concern , the bush administration could perhaps lead to the international public at the cost of the war on iraq , like the weapons of mass destruction of iraq and its links with al-qaeda , i am dealing with the budgetary experts from the harvard university to go together with the war on the cost of war .
because of my concern , the bush administration could lead to the global public at the expense of the war in iraq as well as the light of the weapons of mass destruction of mass destruction and its al-qaeda , i am in fact with the commissioner &apos;s budget , because i am concerned about the fact that the bush administration , together with the cost of the war , could lead to the global public on the costs of the war on the war of iraq , may lead to light as well as the light as the light of the weapons of mass destruction of iraq , and its links with the al-qmda , since i am in fact , with the fact , with the perliners of the perliners of the ecofin university university university university university university of the university of the harvest university university of harvest university university of harmes , who , together , together , in order , together , together with the last year , in order , in order , to the light , in order

