la portée de ces obligations est monumentale .
the scale of these obligations is monumental .
the scope of these obligations is monumo .
the scope of these obligations is monetarist .

le deuxième argument est plus délicat à prouver .
the second claim will be trickier to prove .
the second argument is more sensitive to prove .
the second argument is more delicate to prove .

cela signifie que le problème est politique .
what it does mean is that the problem is political .
this means that the problem is political .
this means that the problem is political .

redistribution de la gouvernance en asie
recasting governance in asia
redistribution of governance in asia
redistribution of governance in asia

cela va changer désormais .
now , this will change .
this will now change .
this will now change .

sa disparition affecterait tous les autres accords sur les contrôles des armes .
its disappearance would affect all other arms control agreements .
its disappearance would affect all other agreements on arms controls .
its disappearance would affect all the other agreements on arms controls .

en fait , c&apos; est sans doute le modèle commercial de l&apos; avenir .
in fact , they are probably the commercial model of the future .
in fact , it is probably the future trade model .
in fact , it is probably the commercial model of the future .

même ainsi , le reste du monde n&apos; est pas sans recours .
even so , the rest of the world is not powerless .
even so , the rest of the world is not without recourse .
even so , the rest of the world is not without recourse .

apprivoiser les politiciens des deux côtés de l&apos; atlantique
taming politicians on both sides of the atlantic
call on the politicians on both sides of the atlantic
depriving politicians from both sides of the atlantic

l&apos; inde est-elle prête pour une convertibilité complète ?
is india ready for full convertibility ?
is india ready for complete convergence ?
is india prepared for a complete conversion ?

les signes avant-coureurs d&apos; une inflation imminente font foison dans toute la zone euro .
warning signs of impending inflation abound across the euro zone .
the current signs of imminent inflation are taking place throughout the euro area .
the light signs of imminent inflation are fooled throughout the euro area .

il considère que le marché favorise l&apos; esprit d&apos; entreprise au détriment de la solidarité humaine .
he sees the market as <<unk>> ing entrepreneurship over human solidarity .
it considers that the market promotes the spirit of enterprise to the detriment of human solidarity .
it considers that the market encourages entrepreneurship to the detriment of human solidarity .

depuis la fin de la guerre froide , l&apos; amérique est la seule super-puissance mondiale .
since the cold war &apos;s end , america is the world &apos;s sole superpower .
since the end of the cold war , america is the only global superpower .
since the end of the cold war , america is the only world superpower .

aujourd&apos; hui m. chávez ne bénéficie plus du soutien de la majorité des classes défavorisées .
now chávez lacks majority backing even among the poor .
today mr dührkop no longer has the support of the majority of the disadvantaged classes .
today , mr chávez no longer has the support of the majority of disadvantaged classes .

l&apos; appel à un nombre accru de référendums reflète et avive cette tendance .
the call for more referenda both reflects and fuels this trend .
the call for an increased number of referendums reflects this trend .
the call for an increased number of referendums reflects and permitting this trend .

afin de désamorcer une bataille électorale avec son rival , schroeder y a consenti .
to defuse an electoral fight with his rival , schroeder agreed .
in order to break down an electoral battle with its riots , eder bey made it .
in order to disrupt an electoral battle with its riots , eder has done so .

la pression qui en résulte sur les institutions européennes des arts du spectacle provoque l&apos; inquiétude à plusieurs niveaux .
the resulting pressure on europe &apos;s performing arts institutions is causing concern at various different levels .
the pressure resulting from the european institutions of the belts leads to concern at several levels .
the pressure resulting from the european institutions of the arts is causing concern at several levels .

ce type de programme novateur s&apos; applique autant à des orchestres européens qu&apos; américains .
this type of innovative program is relevant for european as well as american orchestras .
this type of innovative programme applies as much to european and american orchesters .
this type of innovative programme applies as much to europeans as americans .

les principales conséquences de la guerre en irak ne sont pas à chercher sur le champ de bataille .
the iraq war &apos;s main consequences will not be on the battlefield .
the main consequences of the war in iraq are not to seek the area of battle .
the main consequences of the war in iraq are not to seek a battle .

ainsi , pourquoi cette vaste différence existe-t-elle en réalité tant en amérique qu&apos; en europe ?
so why do we see this large difference in reality in both america and europe ?
so why does this huge difference exist , in fact , in america and in europe ?
so , why does this broad difference exist in reality in america and in europe ?

des foules de textes apparaissent dans le monde musulman sur les études stratégiques du jihad .
scores of texts are appearing in the muslim world on jihadi strategic studies .
many of the texts appear in the muslim world on the strategic studies of jihad .
the texts of the texts appear in the muslim world on the strategic studies of jihad .

même avant l&apos; invasion américaine , il y avait des preuves accablantes prouvant que bush mentait .
even before the invasion , there was overwhelming evidence that bush was lying .
even before the american invasion , there were evidence that bush mstart .
even before the us invasion , there were evidence that bush mentated .

devons-nous craindre le fait que l&apos; europe ne soit plus aujourd&apos; hui un continent purement judéo-chrétien et blanc ?
should we fear the fact that europe is no longer a purely jewish / christian and white continent ?
should we fear that europe is no longer a purely christian and white continent today ?
should we fear that europe is no longer a purely christian and white continent ?

c&apos; est pratiquement impossible sans coopération avec des organisations non gouvernementales de défense des droits de l&apos; homme en russie .
this will be all but impossible without cooperation with non-governmental human rights organizations in russia .
it is almost impossible without cooperation with non-governmental human rights organisations in russia .
it is practically impossible without cooperation with non-governmental organisations for the defence of human rights in russia .

en ce qui concerne l&apos; affaire yukos , mon bureau ne peut intervenir dans aucune procédure légale en cours .
as to the yukos affair , my office cannot intervene in any legal process until it is completed .
as far as the governing case is concerned , my office cannot intervene in any legal procedure under way .
as far as the court is concerned , my office cannot intervene in any legal procedure under way .

mais l&apos; ordre westphalien est aujourd&apos; hui en déclin , ainsi que la signification des frontières étatiques .
but today it is the westphalian order that is in decline , along with the significance of state borders .
but the westphali order is now in decline , as well as the meaning of the state borders .
but the westphen order is now in decline , as well as the meaning of state borders .

entre temps , la diminution et le vieillissement de la population dans la majeure partie de l&apos; europe auront rendu l&apos; immigration indispensable .
meanwhile , diminishing and aging populations in most of europe will have made immigration a necessity .
in the meantime , the reduction and ageing of the population in the major part of europe will have made immigration essential .
between time , the reduction and ageing of the population in the most part of europe will have made the necessary immigration .

est-ce l&apos; illétrisme qui reste parfois élevé , même à la fin du primaire , ou le manque de moyens ?
is it because they are sometimes close to being illiterate even after primary school , or because it is unaffordable ?
is this the illiteracy which is sometimes high , even at the end of the primary , or the lack of resources ?
is it the illity that is sometimes high , even at the end of the primary , or the lack of resources ?

l&apos; acidité des attaques politiques envers la bce pourrait déclencher de dangereux débats sur la restriction de son indépendance .
the sharpness of political attacks on the ecb might trigger dangerous talk about restricting its independence .
the political attacks on the ecb could lead to dangerous debates on the restriction of its independence .
the political attacks on the ecb could lead to dangerous debates on the restriction of its independence .

la division apparente sur la politique extérieure s&apos; explique en partie par un malentendu sur la nature de &quot; l&apos; europe &quot; .
part of the seeming disconnect on foreign policy emerges from a misunderstanding about what &quot; europe &quot; is about .
the apparent division into foreign policy is partly due to a misunderstanding on the nature of europe &apos; .
the apparent division of external policy is partly due to a misunderstanding on the nature of europe &apos; .

l&apos; adhésion de la turquie apporterait une réponse forte , avec une résonance particulière dans le monde musulman .
turkey &apos;s accession to the union would give a powerful answer , one that would be heard with particular clarity in the islamic world .
turkey &apos;s accession would provide a strong answer , with a special rethinking in the muslim world .
turkey &apos;s accession would provide a strong response , with particular rethinking in the muslim world .

les coréens insistent sur le fait que les soldats américains qui se rendent coupables de crimes devraient être jugés par les tribunaux coréens .
ordinary koreans insist that us soldiers who commit crimes should be tried in korean courts .
the korean people emphasise that american soldiers who are guilty of crimes should be tried by the korean courts .
the korean authorities insist that american soldiers who are guilty of crimes should be judged by the korean courts .

en limitant la défense antimissiles stratégiques , le vieux traité offre une certaine assurance de dissuasion pour les etats possédant l&apos; arme nucléaire .
by limiting strategic missile defense , the old treaty provides a certain predictability of deterrence for all nuclear weapon states .
by limiting the anti-strategic defence , the old treaty offers a certain degree of deterrent assurance for the states with nuclear weapons .
by restricting anti-strategic missile defence , the old treaty offers a certain amount of deterrent assurance for the states with nuclear weapons .

la stratégie repose sur la pression des pairs et consiste à montrer du doigt les gouvernements qui ne progressent pas pour les confondre .
the strategy rests on peer pressure , naming and shaming governments that fail to make progress .
the strategy is based on peer pressure and is to point out the governments that do not make progress to confuse them .
the strategy is based on peer pressure and is to point out the governments that do not make progress to confuse them .

mais cela revient en fait à administrer du prozac à un patient avant que ce dernier ne devienne suicidaire .
it is like putting a patient on prozac before he becomes suicidal .
but in fact it is up to the prozacta to a patient before it becomes suicide .
but it is in fact up to the prozacta to a patient before it becomes suicide .

les principes de démocratie , de justice sociale , de solidarité sociale et la primauté du droit devront être étendus au-delà des frontières nationales .
principles of democracy , social justice , social solidarity , and the rule of law need to be extended beyond national boundaries .
the principles of democracy , social justice , social solidarity and the primacy of law must be extended beyond national borders .
the principles of democracy , social justice , social solidarity and the primacy of law must be extended beyond national borders .

pour les individus habitués à vivre dans un état totalitaire , ce n&apos; est pas chose aisée que d&apos; apprendre la signification du terme « participation » .
for people accustomed to living in a totalitarian state , learn what participation means is not easy .
for those who are accustomed to living in a totalitarian state , it is not easy to learn the meaning of the term &apos; participation &apos; .
for people who are used to live in a totalitarian state , it is not easy to learn the meaning of the term &apos; participation &apos; .

pour un système qui prônait l&apos; athéisme officiel et le mensonge légalisé , l&apos; eglise a représenté un reproche vivant .
for the system of official atheism and legalized mendacity , the church was a living rebuke .
for a system that advocated the official atheism and the legalised lie , egg has been a cause for life .
for a system which advocated the official atheism and the legalised lie , the egegre represented a living charge .

il s&apos; agit de complots générés de façon indépendante qui ont utilisé les ressources ad hoc , souvent à l&apos; intérieur du pays visé .
independently generated plots emerged and used ad hoc resources , often within the target country .
this is an independent county which has used ad hoc resources , often within the country concerned .
this is an independent comraft that has used the ad hoc resources , often within the country concerned .

le principal objectif de cette nouvelle constitution tient dans son préambule , qui maintient le kosovo dans son statut de partie inaliénable de la serbie .
the main purpose of his new constitution is its preamble , which enshrines kosovo as an inalienable part of serbia .
the main objective of this new constitution is in its preamble , which maintains kosovo as an inalienable part of serbia .
the main objective of this new constitution is in its preamble , which maintains kosovo in its inalienable status of serbia .

cela causera des difficultés évidentes , mais cela entravera également la croissance économique nécessaire à ces millions de personnes pour échapper à la pauvreté .
this will cause obvious hardship , but it will also hold back the economic growth needed for millions of people to escape poverty .
this will cause obvious difficulties , but it will also help the economic growth necessary to these millions of people to escape poverty .
this will cause obvious difficulties , but it will also help the economic growth needed for these millions of people to escape poverty .

ils ne comprennent pas que les responsables américains considèrent la syrie comme complice des activités des groupes terroristes islamistes dans les territoires palestiniens , en irak et au liban .
they fail to see that american officials regard syria as complicit in the activities of islamist terrorist groups in the palestinian territories , iraq , and lebanon .
they do not understand that the american leaders consider syria to be complicated by the activities of islamic terrorist groups in the palestinian territories , iraq and lebanon .
they do not understand that the american officials regard syria as complicating the activities of islamic terrorist groups in the palestinian territories , iraq and lebanon .

les officiels syriens pensent que la laïcité du parti baas lui garantit le soutien indéfectible des états-unis contre la résurgence islamiste .
syrian officials believe that because the baath party is secular , the us will invariably support it against an islamist resurgence .
the syrian official believes that the lake of the baas party guarantees the us &apos;s unmiserable support against islamist resurgence .
the syrian official believes that the layas of the baas party guarantees the unpleasant support of the united states against the islamic resurgence .

le bénéfice est considérable s&apos; ils réussissent : un développement accéléré grâce à l&apos; apport de toute une population jeune et au diminution du taux de dépendance .
the payoff is huge if they get it right : accelerated development as economies reap the benefits of a burgeoning working-age population and lower dependency ratios .
the benefit is considerable if they succeed : accelerated development through the contribution of a young population and the reduction in the dependency rate .
the benefit is considerable if they succeed : accelerated development thanks to the contribution of a young population and the reduction of dependence .

en effet , il considérait cette notion comme la voie la plus sûre vers le pouvoir car la vaste majorité de la population pensait exactement comme lui .
indeed , he saw it as his surest route to power , because the vast majority of the population thought exactly as he did .
indeed , he considered this concept as the most safe way to power , because the vast majority of the population thought exactly as it is .
in fact , it considered this concept as the most safe way towards power , because the vast majority of the population thought exactly as it is .

les déficits entraînent non seulement des problèmes politiques immédiats , mais également des problèmes de justice distributive entre les générations et de partage des risques inter générations .
deficits raise not only immediate political issues , but also issues of distributive justice between generations , and of intergenerational risk sharing .
deficits lead not only to immediate political problems , but also to the problems of the distribution of justice between generations and sharing the global risk of generations .
deficits lead not only to immediate political problems , but also to the problems of justice distributed between generations and sharing the risks of generations .

les parlements souhaitent parfois agir rapidement , et ils sont peut-être obligés de le faire , mais en règle générale , ils prennent suffisamment de temps pour examiner les questions dans le détail .
sometimes parliaments wish to act quickly , and perhaps must do so , but as a rule they take enough time to examine issues fully .
parliaments sometimes want to act quickly , and they may be obliged to do so , but in general , they take sufficient time to examine issues in detail .
the parliaments sometimes want to act quickly , and they may be obliged to do so , but in general , they take sufficient time to examine the issues in detail .

les élections peuvent être légitimées par une amendement à la constitution pour réduire le mandat présidentiel , comme le propose jimmy carter dans son récent effort de médiation .
elections can be made legitimate through a constitutional amendment shortening the presidential term , as proposed by jimmy carter in his recent mediation effort .
the elections can be legitimised by an amendment to the constitution in order to reduce the presidential term , as proposed by mrs carter in his recent mediation effort .
the elections can be legitimised by an amendment to the constitution in order to reduce the presidential mandate , as the rapporteur proposes to do in his recent mediation effort .

nos systèmes de retraite et nos budgets nationaux doivent être basés sur une « comptabilité générationnelle » qui garantit que le risque économique est systématiquement réparti entre les générations .
our pension systems and our national budgets must be based on a ``generational accounting &apos; &apos; that assures that economic risk is spread systematically across generations .
our pension systems and our national budgets must be based on &apos; generational accounting &apos; , which ensures that the economic risk is systematically reopened between generations .
our pension systems and our national budgets must be based on a &apos; generational accounting &apos; , which guarantees that the economic risk is systematically distributed between generations .

le candidat roh en a appelé à de nouvelles relations entre la corée du sud et les etats-unis , fondées sur le principe de l&apos; indépendance et de l&apos; égalité .
candidate roh called for a new relationship between south korea and the us , one based on the principle of independence and equality .
the roh candidate has called for new relations between south korea and the united states , based on the principle of independence and equality .
the roh candidate called for new relations between south korea and the united states based on the principle of independence and equality .

le paludisme représente un défi unique en son genre , dû principalement aux espèces de moustiques d&apos; afrique , particulièrement aptes à transmettre la maladie .
malaria poses a unique challenge , owing in large part to africa &apos;s mosquito species , which are especially adept at transmitting the disease .
paludism represents a unique challenge in its kind , mainly due to the species of africa ’ s mute , which are particularly praised to transmit the disease .
malaria represents a unique challenge in its kind , mainly due to the species of mustir in africa , particularly to transmit the disease .

bien que la croissance monétaire s&apos; élève à plus du double du taux de croissance réelle du pib , le risque inflationniste serait probablement faible en raison d&apos; une capacité excédentaire substantielle .
although monetary growth is more than twice the rate of real gdp growth , the inflationary risk is probably low because substantial excess capacity exists .
although monetary growth is more than the double rate of real gdp growth , inflation risk would probably be weak because of a substantial surplus capacity .
although monetary growth is more than double the rate of real growth in gdp , the inflationary risk would probably be low due to a substantial surplus capacity .

au bangladesh , le projet d&apos; assistance à l&apos; école secondaire féminine a aidé financièrement les jeunes filles âgées de 11 à 14 ans à poursuivre leurs études et à retarder le moment du mariage .
bangladesh &apos;s female secondary stipend program was successful in helping girls aged 11 to 14 to delay marriage and remain in school .
in bangladesh , the assistance project for women &apos;s secondary school has helped young girls from 11 to 14 years to continue their studies and delay marriage .
in bangladesh , the draft assistance to women &apos;s secondary school has helped young girls from 11 to 14 years to continue their studies and delay the time of marriage .

a chaque commentaire de hans blix sur les inspections de l&apos; onu qu&apos; il dirigeait en irak , les membres de l&apos; administration bush paraphrasaient ce que blix disait .
every time hans blix commented on the un inspections of iraq that he was conducting , members of the bush administration would paraphrase what blix said .
every comment from hans blix on the un inspections that he led in iraq , the members of the bush administration were saying what it said .
every hans &apos; comment on un inspections that he led in iraq , the members of the bush administration signed up to what he said .

le manque de bonne volonté de l&apos; amérique à financer petitement la paix contraste durement avec les sommes fantastiques que le congrès engagea rapidement dans l&apos; effort de guerre .
america &apos;s unwillingness to provide small sums to wage peace contrasts sharply with the huge amounts congress quickly granted to wage war .
the lack of goodwill of america to finance the grandworld of peace is hard to compete with the fantastic sums that congress is committed quickly in the war effort .
the lack of good will of america to finance peace in great contrast with the fantastic sums that the congress is committed quickly in the war effort .

en même temps , nos efforts visant à promouvoir la démocratie dans le monde entier servent les intérêts américains grâce à la reconnaissance objective du fait que les démocraties règlent leurs différends pacifiquement .
at the same time , our efforts to promote democracy worldwide serve us interests , owing to the hardheaded realization that democracies settle their differences peaceably .
at the same time , our efforts to promote democracy throughout the world serve american interests thanks to the objective recognition of the fact that democracies resolve their peaceful disputes .
at the same time , our efforts to promote democracy throughout the world serve the american interests thanks to the objective recognition that democracies resolve their peaceful differences .

pour d&apos; autres , ce n&apos; est pas possible dans le cas de khodorkovsky : il est très riche et pourrait donc facilement se dérober à la justice et fuir à l&apos; étranger .
others say that this is not an option in khodorkovsky &apos;s case - being very rich , he could easily jump bail and flee abroad .
for others , this is not possible in the case of khodorkovsky : it is very rich and could therefore be easily dismissed to justice and flee abroad .
for others , it is not possible in the case of khodorkovsky : it is very rich and could , therefore , easily disrupt justice and escape abroad .

mais aujourd&apos; hui , nous devons écarter tout sentiment de fascination et de gratitude et prendre conscience que la poursuite de l&apos; intégration européenne va dans l&apos; intérêt des etats-unis , qui l&apos; ont soutenu pendant 50 ans .
but today we must move away from fascination and gratitude and realize that the pursuit of european integration remains in the best interest of the us , which has supported it for 50 years .
today , however , we must reject any sense of fascination and gratitude and realise that the continuation of european integration is in the interests of the united states , which have supported it for 50 years .
today , however , we must dismiss any feeling of fascination and gratitude and realise that the continuation of european integration goes in the interests of the united states , which has supported it for 50 years .

les efforts déployés par vicktor orban pour rassembler sous la bannière du fidesz une droite divisée ont été partiellement couronnés de succès et sont unique en europe de l&apos; est .
premier orban &apos;s semi-successful efforts to unify the right under the banner of fidesz are unique among eastern europe &apos;s fractured and fractious rightist parties .
the efforts made by vicktor orban to bring together under the bannio of fidesz a divided right have been partially successful and are unique in eastern europe .
the efforts made by vicktor orban to bring together under the bench of fidesz a divided right were partly successful and are unique in eastern europe .

ces villes et d&apos; autres ont vu les prix de l&apos; immobilier s&apos; enflammer depuis ce moment-là . les prix sont montés d&apos; au moins 50 % en prix constants depuis 2000 .
these and other cities have been booming pretty much ever since ; prices in most are up at least 50 % in real terms since 2000 .
these cities and others have seen the prices of property have been dragged down since then , and prices are at least 50 % in constant prices since 2000 .
these cities and others have seen the price of the property link since then , and prices are at least 50 % in constant prices since 2000 .

ils sont une aubaine pour les consommateurs à bas revenus , et compensent en partie la croissance tiède des salaires dont beaucoup d&apos; entre eux ont pâti au cours des deux dernières décennies .
they are an enormous boon to low-income consumers , partly compensating for the tepid wage growth that many of them have suffered during the past two decades .
they are a beacon for low income consumers , and partly compensate for growth in wages which many of them have suffered over the last two decades .
they are a long way for low-income consumers , and partly compensate for the growth of wages which many of them have suffered over the last two decades .

cela détourne la bce de ses objectifs et vient étoffer l&apos; idée que l&apos; europe est une mauvaise chose , et , surtout , cela sera utilisé comme bouc émissaire par les gouvernements défaillants pour expliquer leurs échecs .
it distracts the ecb , adds to the impression that europe is bad , and , more importantly , will be used by ineffective governments as a scapegoat for their failings .
this is turning the ecb into its objectives , and it has just taken on board the idea that europe is a bad thing , and , above all , it will be used as a scapegoat by failed governments to explain their failures .
this is turning the ecb into its objectives and has developed the idea that europe is a bad thing , and , above all , it will be used as a scapegoat by the failed governments to explain their failures .

mais cela ne signifie pas que les questions impliquant la préservation de la vie ( ou d&apos; un mode de vie ) , comme la défense , ne doivent pas être passées au crible de l&apos; analyse économique froide et rigoureuse .
but that doesn &apos;t mean that issues involving the preservation of life ( or a way of life ) , like defense , should not be subjected to cool , hard economic analysis .
but this does not mean that the issues involving the preservation of life ( or a way of life ) , such as defence , should not be used in the cold and rigorous economic analysis .
this does not mean , however , that issues involving the preservation of life ( or a way of life ) , such as defence , must not be found in the dark and rigorous economic analysis .

d&apos; abord , comme en ont averti les sceptiques , quand des hordes d&apos; experts s&apos; affrontent pour les feux de la rampe , beaucoup sont tentés de prétendre qu&apos; ils en savent plus qu&apos; en réalité .
first , as the skeptics warned , when hordes of pundits are jostling for the limelight , many are tempted to claim that they know more than they do .
first of all , as the sceptical people warned , when the horses of experts face for the fires of the rampe , many are tempted to claim that they know more than in reality .
first of all , as has been warned by the sceptical , when experts are fighting for the fires of the rampe , many are tempted to claim that they know more than in reality .

les occidentaux ne se précipitent pas pour imiter les combattants de la liberté qui ont donné naissance à leur société , malgré les commémorations , les lieux de mémoire et la persistance de l&apos; oppression .
western citizens do not rush to emulate the freedom fighters who built their world , despite celebrations , memorials , and the persistence of oppression .
the western people are not rushing to imitate the fighters of freedom that have given rise to their society , despite the commemorations , memory places and the perseverance of oppression .
the western people are not hasty to impress the fighters of freedom that have given rise to their society , despite the commemorations , the memory places and the continued existence of oppression .

aujourd&apos; hui , les économistes sont de même troublés par des fantômes indésirables , alors qu&apos; ils réfléchissent sur la réapparition de maux économiques qu&apos; on croyait morts et enterrés depuis longtemps .
today , economists are similarly troubled by unwanted ghosts , as they ponder the reappearance of economic ills long thought buried and dead .
today , economists are even disturbed by undesirable fanaticans , while they reflect on the re-emergence of economic evils that have been believed to have been dead and buried for a long time .
today , economists are even disturbing by undesirable fanatics , while they reflect on the reemergence of economic evils that have been dead and burned for a long time .

si leur croissance explosive se poursuit au cours des 20 prochaines années , les américains considéreront-ils un jour leur prolifération comme un exemple spectaculaire de l&apos; échec des modèles de croissance équilibrée à l&apos; échelle régionale ?
if they continue their explosive growth over the next 20 years , will americans someday come to regard their proliferation as a spectacular example of the failure to adopt region-wide blueprints for balanced growth ?
will the americans see their proliferation as a dramatic example of the failure of balanced growth models at regional level over the next 20 years ?
if their explosive growth continues over the next 20 years , will the americans once again consider their proliferation as a dramatic example of the failure of balanced growth models at regional level ?

une des méthodes pour triompher de cette contradiction consiste à introduire dans la charte de l&apos; onu un nouveau chapitre dédié aux droits de l&apos; homme et à reformuler le chapitre iv , qui concerne l&apos; utilisation de la force dans les relations internationales .
one way to overcome this chasm is to introduce into the un charter a new chapter devoted to human rights and to reformulate chapter iv , which concerns the use of force in international relations .
one of the ways in which this contradiction is tricky is to introduce a new chapter on human rights into the un charter and to reformulate chapter iv , which concerns the use of force in international relations .
one of the methods to triumph this contradiction is to introduce a new chapter on human rights in the un charter and to reformulate chapter iv , which concerns the use of force in international relations .

en effet , par ses mots et par l&apos; exemple qu&apos; il montre , le pape perturbe le monde : ce dernier souhaite vivre dans la richesse et le confort et le pape nous rappelle que nous devons également vivre dignement .
indeed , by his words and example , the pope disrupts the world : it wants to live in wealth and comfort ; he reminds us that we must also live in dignity .
in fact , with his words and , for example , the pope is disrupting the world : it wants to live in wealth and congolese , and the pope reminds us that we also have to live with dignity .
in fact , in its words and , for example , it shows , the pope is disrupting the world : the latter wants to live in wealth and contrust and the pope reminds us that we must also live with dignity .

les fermiers africains produisent environ un tiers ( voire moins ) de nourriture de moins par hectare que les autres exploitants du monde , ce qui a pour conséquence une famine à grande échelle , exacerbée par le lourd fardeau de la maladie .
africa &apos;s farmers produce roughly one-third or less food per hectare of farmland than their counterparts around the world , resulting in massive hunger , which is exacerbated by a heavy disease burden .
the farmers in africa produce around a third ( or even less ) food less than the other farmers in the world , which is the result of large-scale famine , exacerbated by the heavy burden of disease .
farmers in africa produce around one third ( or less ) food less than the other farmers in the world , which has a result of large-scale hunger , exacerbated by the heavy burden of the disease .

quand les leaders de l&apos; union européenne se sont réunis au printemps dernier pour faire le point sur leurs progrès , ils ont admis de manière pitoyable que les objectifs de la stratégie de lisbonne avaient peu de chance d&apos; être atteints .
when eu leaders met last spring to assess progress , they pitifully recognized that the lisbon strategy &apos;s goal was unlikely to be met .
when the leaders of the european union met last spring in order to make the point on their progress , they admitted in a punitive way that the objectives of the lisbon strategy had little chance of being achieved .
when the leaders of the european union met last spring in order to make progress on their progress , they admitted that the objectives of the lisbon strategy had little chance of being achieved .

malgré toute la puissance américaine , il n&apos; y a pas grand-chose que les etats-unis peuvent accomplir dans le monde qu&apos; ils ne pourraient pas mieux réussir avec la participation active d&apos; autrui ( gouvernements , organisations internationales ou organisations non gouvernementales ) .
for all of america &apos;s power , there is little that the us can do in the world that it can &apos;t do better with the active participation of others , be they governments , international organizations , or non-governmental organizations .
despite the whole american power , there is little that the united states can do in the world that they could not succeed better with the active participation of others ( governments , international organisations or non-governmental organisations ) .
in spite of all the american power , there is little that the united states can do in the world that they could not succeed better with the active participation of others ( governments , international organisations or non-governmental organisations ) .

les banquiers centraux de l&apos; europe craignent que leurs maîtres politiques ne leur commandent de relâcher leur politique monétaire , que les réformes structurelles nécessaires pour libérer l&apos; offre agrégée ne soient pas accordées et qu&apos; il en résulte un retour à l&apos; inflation des années 1970 .
europe &apos;s central bankers fear that their political masters will order them to loosen monetary policy , that the structural reforms needed to free up aggregate supply will not be forthcoming , and that the result will be a return to the inflation of the 1970 &apos;s .
the central bankers in europe are afraid that their political masters do not want to release their monetary policy , that the structural reforms necessary to free the supply of supply are not granted and that it is a return to the inflation of the 1970s .
the central bankers of europe fear that their political leadership does not force them to release their monetary policy , that the structural reforms needed to release the age-supply are not granted and that it results in a return to the inflation of the 1970s .

ironie du sort , les recherches approfondies sur des modèles alternatifs ont été financées par le département américain de la défense , qui , en tant que plus gros acheteur de machinerie complexe du monde , voulait des biens de meilleure qualité , moins chers et davantage sur mesure .
ironically , extensive research into alternative models was funded through the us department of defense , which , as the world &apos;s largest buyer of complex machinery , wanted better , cheaper and more tailored goods .
ironically , research into alternative models has been financed by the us defence department , which , as the largest bucker of complex machinery in the world , wanted better , less expensive goods and more measure .
ironically , research into alternative models has been financed by the us defence department , which , as the largest buck of complex machinery in the world , wanted better quality , cheaper and more measure .

au lieu de cela , la vie de zhao fut maintenue en suspens , assignée en résidence surveillée , si commodément oubliée comme une sorte de célébrité en cryogénie , gelée , sans aucun espoir de résurrection .
instead , zhao was allowed to remain in suspended animation , under house arrest , conveniently forgotten like some cryogenically frozen celebrity with no hope of resurrection .
instead of this , the life of zhao was maintained in outstanding circumstances , assigned under house arrest , if it is not forgotten as a kind of celebration in oengineering , frozen , without any hope of resurrection .
instead of this , the life of zhao has been held in pending , under arrest under arrest , if commended as a sort of celebration in oengineering , frozen , without any hope of resurrection .

que ce soit stephen roach de morgan stanley ou paul krugman de princeton , les gouverneurs de la federal reserve américaine ou quiconque au japon , les économistes de par le monde s&apos; inquiètent de la déflation .
from stephen roach at morgan stanley to paul krugman at princeton , to the governors of the us federal reserve and the senior staff at the european central bank , to almost everyone in japan , economists all over the world are worrying about deflation .
the governors of the united states or anyone in japan , the economists of the world , the economists of the economists in the united states , are concerned about the defender of the united states or anyone in japan .
whether it is stephen in roach of morgan stanley or paul krugman de preton , american federal governors or anyone in japan , the economists of the world are concerned about deflation .

en mai 1997 , le tarapore committee on capital account converti<unk> a élaboré un processus de libéralisation en trois étapes d&apos; ici 1999-2000 , avec un accent mis sur la consolidation fiscale , un taux d&apos; inflation cible autorisé et un système financier solide .
in may 1997 , the tar<<unk>> committee on capital account convertibility charted a three-stage liberalization process to be completed by 1999-2000 , with an accompanying emphasis on fiscal consolidation , a mandated inflation target , and a strong financial system .
in may 1997 , the tartest of capital that has been taken into account , has drawn up a process of liberalisation by three stages by 1999-2000 , with an emphasis on fiscal consolidation , a target inflation rate and a solid financial system .
in may 1997 , the venture of capital risk-the-art survey has drawn up a process of liberalisation in three stages by 1999-2000 , with emphasis on fiscal consolidation , a permitted target rate of inflation and a solid financial system .

les renards sont souvent d&apos; accord avec les hérissons jusqu&apos; à un certain point , avant de compliquer les choses : &quot; oui , mon collègue a raison quand il dit que la monarchie saoudienne est vulnérable , mais rappelez-vous que les coups d&apos; états sont rares et que le gouvernement dispose de nombreux moyens de réprimer l&apos; opposition . &quot;
foxes will often agree with hedgehogs up to a point , before complicating things : &quot; yes , my colleague is right that the saudi monarchy is vulnerable , but remember that coups are rare and that the government commands many means of squelching opposition . &quot;
the renditions are often in agreement with them up to a certain point , before making things difficult : &apos; yes , my colleague is right when he says that saudi arabia is vulnerable , but remember that the states are rare and that the government has many means to reject the opposition &apos; .
it is often in agreement with them to a certain extent , before complicating things : &apos; yes , my colleague is right when he says that the monmondian is vulnerable , but remember that the states are rare and that the government has many means of reopening the opposition &apos; .

les autres ont manifesté depuis plusieurs années leur intérêt pour adopter l&apos; euro dès le début , de manière unilatérale dans certains cas , avant même leur entrée dans l&apos; union -- une position ouvertement défendue par la banque nationale de pologne , et à un moindre degré par la banque nationale de hongrie et la banque nationale de la république tchèque .
the others have declared for several years their interest in adopting the euro early on , in some cases unilaterally , even before entry into the eu--a position openly supported by the national bank of poland , and less forcefully by the national bank of hungary and the czech national bank .
for several years , the others have demonstrated their interest in adopting the euro in a unilateral way , in some cases , even before their entry into the union - a position openly defended by the national bank of poland , and at least by the national bank of hungary and the national bank of the czech republic .
for several years , the others have shown their interest in adopting the euro from the outset , unilaterally in some cases , even before their entry into the union - a position openly defended by the national bank of poland , and at least by the national bank of hungary and the national bank of the czech republic .

elle , elle , ne fait pas partie d&apos; une alliance ( comme l&apos; europe ) ou d&apos; un réseau de traité de contrôle des armes grâce auxquel des solutions politiques peuvent être trouvées ( comme la russie ) , et c&apos; est un facteur qui contribue à l&apos; instabilité de l&apos; asie et à la nervosité chinoise .
in contrast to europe and russia , china is not party to an alliance ( as is europe ) or to a network of arms control treaties through which political solutions can evolve ( like russia ) , factors that contribute to asian instabilities and chinese sensitivity .
it is not part of an alliance ( such as europe ) or a network of arms control through which political solutions can be found ( such as russia ) , and it is a factor that contributes to the instability of asia and the chinese nerve .
it does not form part of a alliance ( such as europe ) or a network of arms control under which political solutions can be found ( such as russia ) , and it is a factor that contributes to the instability of asia and the chinese nerve .

en outre , contrairement aux promesses de ses défenseurs , la libéralisation financière a en fait résulté en des mouvements de capital net allant de ceux qui en disposaient le moins vers ceux qui en disposaient le plus à long terme , tout en augmentant la volatilité financière et en affaiblissant les activités économiques .
in addition , contrary to the promises of its proponents , financial liberalization has actually resulted in net capital flows from the capital-poor to the capital-rich over the long term , while increasing financial volatility and weakening economic activity .
furthermore , contrary to the promises of its defenders , financial liberalisation has actually resulted in the movement of net capital from those who had the least to those who had the most in the long term , while increasing financial volatility and weakening economic activities .
in addition , in contrast to the promises of its defenders , financial liberalisation has , in fact , resulted in net capital movements from those who had the least to those who had the most long-term in the long term , while increasing financial volatility and weakening economic activities .

nous avons participé à tous les développements européens majeurs en matière de musique , de littérature et de cinéma ( avec , par exemple , les films d&apos; andrzej wajda de l&apos; ère solidarnösc , tels que « danton » , une co-production française ) .
we participated in all the major developments in european music , literature , and film ( think of andrzej wajda &apos;s films from the solidarity era , such as &quot; danton , &quot; which were french co-productions ) .
we have taken part in all the major european developments in music , literature and cinema ( for example , the films in andrzezezejda de solidarity , such as &apos; danton &apos; , a french co-production ) .
we have taken part in all the major european developments in music , literature and cinema ( for example , the films of andrzejda wada of the nööööen , such as &apos; danton &apos; , a french co-production ) .

le fait qu&apos; orban ait appuyé les exigences de stoiber a été ressenti comme un cadeau tombé du ciel par le nationaliste slovaque vladimir meciar dans sa nouvelle tentative de devenir premier ministre , car cela lui permettait d&apos; affirmer que ses opposants nationaux se préparaient à céder à la pression de l&apos; union européenne et à obliger la slovaquie à indemniser les hongrois expulsés par benes en 1945 .
that orban seconded stoiber &apos;s demands came as something of a gift from god to the slovak nationalist vladimir meciar in his bid to become prime minister once more , as it allowed him to argue that his domestic opponents were preparing to surrender to eu pressure and force slovakia to compensate the hungarians expelled by benes in 1945 .
the fact that orban supported the stoiber requirements has been felt as a gift from the slovak nationalist , meciar in his new attempt to become prime minister , because it allowed him to say that his national opponents were prepared to give back to the pressure of the european union and to force slovakia to compensate the hungarian people who have been arrested in the beng , who have been arrested .
the fact that orban has supported the requirements of stoiber has been seen as a gift of the slovak nationalistic sky in its new attempt to become prime minister , because it allowed it to say that its national opponents were prepared to give up the pressure of the european union and to greece to pay compensation to the hungarian nationalists expelled by benate naples .

mais nous voulons une coopération structurée ( c&apos; est-à-dire que certains états européens peuvent inciter à l&apos; établissement d&apos; une capacité de défense ) car nous ne sommes pas préparés à laisser les plus prudents et les plus hésitants d&apos; entre nous répéter la tragédie des balkans des années 1990 , lorsque les européens ne pouvaient pas agir et que les américains ne le voulaient ( pendant un moment ) .
but we want structured co-operation - meaning that some european states may press ahead in defense capacity - because we are not prepared to let the more cautious and hesitant dictate a recurrence of the balkan tragedy of the 1990 &apos;s , when europeans couldn &apos;t act and americans wouldn &apos;t ( for a while ) .
but we want structured cooperation ( that is to say , that some european states can encourage the establishment of defence capacity ) because we are not prepared to leave the most cautious and hesitating between we repeat the tragedy of the balkans of the years , when europeans were not able to act and the americans did not want to do so at a time , because we were not prepared to leave the most cautious and hesitators to leave the tragedy of the balkans of the years of the 1990s , when europeans were unable to act and did not want the americans for a time .
but we want structured cooperation ( that is to say , that some european states can encourage the establishment of a defence capacity , because we are not prepared to leave the most cautious and hesitate to repeat the tragedy of the balkans of the 1990s , when europeans were unable to act and that the americans did not want to do so at a time at a time .

