la politique a là aussi un rôle à jouer .
politics will still play its role .
politics also has a role to play .
politics also has a role to play .

ces deux points de vue sont discutables .
both interpretations are flawed .
these two points of view are questionable .
these two points of view are questionable .

cette théorie est loin d&apos; être convaincante .
but this theory is not convincing .
this theory is far from convincing .
this theory is far from convincing .

il est temps d&apos; être sérieux :
the time has come to get serious :
it is time to be serious :
it is time to be serious :

le syndrome du grand homme
the great man syndrome
the big man &apos;s disease
the big man &apos;s briefing

l&apos; intégration européenne est-elle animée par le respect des valeurs d&apos; autrui ?
is european integration animated by respect for another &apos;s values ?
is european integration based on respect for the values of others ?
is european integration based on respect for the values of others ?

le 18 brumaire d&apos; arnold schwarzenegger
the eighteenth brumaire of arnold schwarzenegger
the 218 mayor of arnoco schwarzenegger
the 18 gross mayor of arnoe schwarzenger

mais même cette réussite apparente s&apos; est révélée moralement ambiguë .
but even this seeming success was morally ambiguous .
but even this obvious success has proved to be morally ambiguous .
however , even this apparent success has proved to be morally ambiguous .

le premier argument invoqué sera le plus facile à vérifier .
the first claim should be the easiest to verify .
the first argument invoked will be the easier to check .
the first argument invoked will be the most easy to check .

les économistes aiment à penser en termes de coût .
economists like to think of things in terms of prices .
economists help to think in terms of cost .
economists like thinking in terms of cost .

la réserve fédérale américaine est bien entendu extrêmement indépendante .
the us federal reserve board is , of course , very independent .
of course , the american federal reserve is extremely independent .
of course , the us federal reserve is extremely independent .

les îles de basse altitude comme les maldives seront submergées .
low lying islands like the maldives will become submerged .
the basle islands like the maldives will be submerged .
the basle islands are like maldives will be submerged .

les dégâts commencent dès la ligne de départ alors que le trajet reste incertain .
damage is done from the word go while the end of the road remains obscured .
the damage is starting from the start , while the tram remains uncertain .
the damage is starting from the outset when the journey remains uncertain .

le brésil a fait preuve de prédispositions pour être une puissance d&apos; exportation technologique .
brazil has demonstrated the ability to be a technological export power .
brazil has been prevalent in order to be a technological export power .
brazil has shown that it is a prerequisite to be a technological export power .

mais de telles considérations paraissent être hors de portée des calculs de l&apos; administration bush .
but such considerations appear to be beyond the bush administration &apos;s reckoning .
but such considerations seem to be out of the calculations of the bush administration .
but such considerations seem to be outside the calculations of the bush administration .

j&apos; avoue que je considère l&apos; héritage du communisme avec davantage de scepticisme .
i confess that i view the heritage of communism with more skepticism .
i admit that i consider the heritage of communism with more scepticism .
i admit that i regard the legacy of communism with more scepticism .

par ailleurs , le g7 a choisit de contribuer de manière significative en offrant de soulager la dette .
on the other hand , the g-7 made a truly important contribution in offering debt relief .
on the other hand , the g7 has chosen to make a significant contribution by providing debt relief .
furthermore , the g7 has chosen to make a significant contribution by offering relief to debt .

chacun d&apos; eux parlait sans contraintes des institutions , des procédures démocratiques et du respect de la loi .
each spoke easily about institutions , democratic procedures , and respect for the rule of law .
each of them spoke without the constraints of the institutions , democratic procedures and compliance with the law .
each of them spoke without constraints of the institutions , democratic procedures and compliance with the law .

d&apos; autres maladies tropicales parasitiques sont des fléaux tout aussi lourds sur le continent .
other tropical parasitic diseases imply similarly extraordinary burdens in africa .
other tropical diseases are just as heavy on the continent .
other tropical tropical diseases are just as heavy on the continent .

il considère les défauts du libéralisme comme étant particulièrement pernicieux dans les pays postcommunistes .
he sees the failings of liberalism as particularly pernicious in postcommunist countries .
it considers the shortcomings of liberalism as being particularly pernicious in the post-communist countries .
it considers the shortcomings of liberalism as being particularly pernible in the post-communist countries .

les économistes appellent ces cycles de poussées fiscales des « stabilisateurs automatiques » .
economists call these cyclical fiscal boosts ``automatic stabilizers . &apos; &apos;
economists are calling for these tax cycles of &apos; automatic destabilising &apos; .
economists call for these tax cycles of &apos; automatic stabilising &apos; .

en france et aux pays-bas , les électeurs n&apos; ont pas expliqué pourquoi ils ont voté contre le projet de constitution .
french and dutch voters did not say why they voted against the planned constitution .
in france and the netherlands , the voters did not explain why they voted against the draft constitution .
in france and the netherlands , the voters did not explain why they voted against the draft constitution .

ils n&apos; ont demandé qu&apos; une seule chose : la réduction des taxes douanières et un meilleur accès aux marchés étrangers .
they did ask one thing : a reduction of tariff barriers and greater access to markets abroad .
they have asked only one thing : the reduction of customs taxes and better access to foreign markets .
they have only asked for one thing : reducing customs taxes and better access to foreign markets .

les gouvernements asiatiques agissent avec opiniâtreté pour accroître les capacités scientifiques et technologiques de leurs économies .
asian governments relentlessly act to raise the scientific and technological capacities of their economies .
the asian governments are working hard to increase the scientific and technological capabilities of their economies .
the asian governments are acting strongly in order to increase the scientific and technological capacities of their economies .

la situation s&apos; améliore aujourd&apos; hui dans certains pays , comme au brésil , qui augure bien pour le futur .
the situation today is improving in some places - such as brazil - which augurs well for the future .
the situation is improving today in some countries , such as brazil , which are well aware of the future .
the situation is now improving in some countries , such as brazil , which is a good thing for the future .

en revanche , le bénéfice est douteux pour les travailleurs allemands qui auraient aussi voulu profiter de ce capital .
but it is of doubtful benefit to german workers who also would have liked to cooperate with that capital .
on the other hand , the benefit is questionable for german workers who would also have liked to take advantage of this capital .
on the other hand , the benefit is dubious for german workers who would also have liked to take advantage of this capital .

après tout , la promotion du respect des droits de l&apos; homme a été le principe directeur de l&apos; établissement de l&apos; onu .
promoting respect for human rights was , after all , the guiding principle behind the un &apos;s establishment .
after all , the promotion of respect for human rights has been the guiding principle of the establishment of the un .
after all , the promotion of respect for human rights was the guiding principle of the establishment of the un .

en outre , le public peut venir à apprécier un répertoire aventureux à force qu&apos; on le lui propose .
moreover , the audience may come to appreciate an adventuresome repertoire the more it becomes exposed to it .
in addition , the public can see a strong reprehensible reprehensible that he is proposing .
in addition , the public can appreciate the fact that it is being proposed .

pourtant , les gouvernements ont un rôle à jouer dans l&apos; encouragement d&apos; un environnement favorable au sein duquel les marchés peuvent opérer .
but governments retain a role in fostering an enabling environment within which markets operate .
however , governments have a role to play in promoting a favourable environment in which markets can operate .
however , governments have a role to play in promoting a favourable environment in which markets can operate .

il est nécessaire de peser avec soin les effets bénéfiques et indésirables des médicaments avant de les approuver et de les utiliser .
drug approval and use requires a careful weighing of desirable and undesirable effects .
it is necessary to take care of the beneficial and undesirable effects of medicines before we approve them and use them .
it is necessary to bear in mind the beneficial and undesirable effects of medicines before approving them and use them .

conséquence de cette négligence , un résidu social et politique délétère imprègne le kosovo actuel .
as a result of this neglect , a noxious social and political residue pervades today &apos;s kosovo .
as a result of this negligence , there is a lack of social and political residue to the current kosovo .
as a result of this negligence , a residual social and political resilience is the current kosovo .

les décideurs politiques asiatiques d&apos; aujourd&apos; hui doivent faire face à un environnement bien différent de celui de leurs prédécesseurs cinquante ans plus tôt .
today &apos;s asian policymakers confront a very different environment from that faced by their predecessors fifty years ago .
today &apos;s asian political decision makers have to deal with a much different environment from that of their predecessors 50 years earlier .
the asian political decision-makers in today must face a much different environment from that of their predecessors 50 years earlier .

ses sympathisants glorifient m. chávez comme le défenseur des pauvres assiégés par une élite égoïste et comploteuse .
his sympathizers glorify chávez as a defender of the poor besieged by a selfish , coup-plotting elite .
his sympathy with mr dührkop as the defender of the poor beaten by a selfish and comical elite .
his sympathy with mr chávez as the defender of the poor beaten by a selfishness and comrac elite .

mais ces comptables ne nous offrent pas de méthode permettant de savoir quand les déficits sont justifiables et quand ils ne le sont pas .
but what these accountants do not provide is a way to judge when deficits are justifiable and when they are not .
but these accounting do not offer us a method to know when deficits are justified and when they are not .
but these accounting accounts do not provide us with a method to know when deficits are justified and when they are not .

il est grand temps que les institutions européennes s&apos; attaquent de façon plus sérieuse aux défis et aux possibilités que présente l&apos; élargissement .
it is high time that eu institutions address more seriously the challenges and opportunities posed by enlargement .
it is high time for the european institutions to tackle in a more serious way the challenges and opportunities posed by enlargement .
it is high time for the european institutions to deal more seriously with the challenges and opportunities presented by enlargement .

et même si le système fonctionne , il faudra bien entre 10 et 15 ans , peut-être plus , avant qu&apos; il soit opérationnel .
even if it does work , it will be ten to fifteen years , possibly longer , before nmd is operational .
even if the system works , it will have to be possible between 10 and 15 years , perhaps more , before it is operational .
even if the system works , it will have to be between 10 and 15 years , perhaps more , before it is operational .

en outre , comme l&apos; avaient encore une fois prédit les sceptiques , les experts prétendant en savoir plus qu&apos; en réalité paient rarement leurs erreurs .
second , again as the skeptics warned , over-claimers rarely pay penalties for being wrong .
in addition , as the sceptical once again said , experts presume to know more than in reality rarely pay for their mistakes .
furthermore , as the sceptical said once again , the experts who claim to know more than rarely pay for their mistakes .

le choix du conseil de sécurité d&apos; approuver l&apos; indépendance dépend largement de la possibilité de prévenir un veto russe , ce qui nécessitera des efforts diplomatiques considérables .
whether the security council will approve independence largely depends on averting a russian veto , which will require considerable diplomatic effort .
the choice of the security council to approve independence is largely dependent on the possibility of preventing a russian veto , which will require considerable diplomatic efforts .
the choice of the security council to approve independence largely depends on the possibility of preventing a russian veto , which will require considerable diplomatic efforts .

certains membres de l&apos; opposition en allemagne adoreraient faire de même avec le chancelier gerhard schröder , bien qu&apos; ils n&apos; aient pas ( encore !
some members of the opposition in germany would dearly love to do the same to chancellor gerhard schröder , though they have not ( yet !
some members of the opposition in germany would like to do the same with chancellor gerhard schröder , even though they have not yet ( !
some members of the opposition in germany would like to do the same with chancellor gerhard schröder , although they do not have - yet !

ils ont attribué des probabilités de 70 % à de sinistres scénarios qui ne se sont concrétisés que dans 12 % des cas .
they assigned probabilities of 70 % to bleak scenarios that materialized only 12 % of the time .
they have allocated 70 % of the scenarios which have only been implemented in 12 % of cases .
they have given rise to 70 % of the scenarios that have only been implemented in 12 % of cases .

depuis la chute du communisme , divers groupes proches de solidarité ont voulu incarner la droite , semant le trouble dans le discours politique .
as a result , various political groups associated with the solidarity trade union movement have , since communism &apos;s fall , aspired to represent the political right , confusing the terms of political discourse .
since the fall of communism , various groups close to solidarity have wanted to embodiment the right , soaring the unrest in the political speech .
since the fall of communism , various close groups of solidarity have wanted to embodiment the right , sowing the fty in the political speech .

la politique monétaire constitue toutefois un moyen bien plus maladroit , indirect et imprécis de choisir les gagnants et les perdants que la politique fiscale .
however , monetary policy is a much more awkward , indirect and imprecise way of choosing winners and losers than fiscal policy .
monetary policy is , however , a much more unfortunate , indirect and unprecise way of choosing the winners and the losers that tax policy has .
monetary policy is , however , a much more miserable , indirect and unprecise way of choosing the winners and the losers than fiscal policy .

il est certain qu&apos; un ralentissement de l&apos; activité économique inattendu ou une forte augmentation de la valeur de l&apos; euro pourrait repousser l&apos; augmentation inévitable des taux .
to be sure , an unexpected slowdown in economic activity or a strong rise in the value of the euro could postpone the inevitable rate hike .
it is true that a slowdown in the unexpected economic activity or a strong increase in the value of the euro could lead to the inevitable increase in rates .
it is certain that a slowdown in the unexpected economic activity or a strong increase in the value of the euro could increase the inevitable increase in rates .

ceux qui se sont opposés aux actions de la coalition en irak répondent généralement que « l&apos; ordre » doit avoir la primauté sur « l&apos; anarchie » .
those who opposed the actions of the coalition in iraq usually fall back on the answer that &quot; order &quot; must have primacy over &quot; anarchy &quot; .
those who have opposed the actions of the coalition in iraq usually respond to the &apos; order &apos; must have the primacy of &apos; anatorial &apos; .
those who opposed the actions of the coalition in iraq generally respond to the &apos; order &apos; must have the primacy of &apos; anity &apos; .

cette paraphrase modifiait de façon subtile les commentaires de blix afin de soutenir les arguments de l&apos; amérique en faveur de la guerre .
the paraphrasing would subtly change blix &apos;s comments to suit america &apos;s case for war .
this initiation would change the comments made by blix in order to support the arguments of america in favour of war .
this initiation has been changed in a submissive way to support the arguments of america in favour of war .

aussi les propos s&apos; échauffent à propos de quelque chose qui , s&apos; il existe un jour , n&apos; aura peut-être que peu d&apos; impact .
so tempers are rising over something which , if and when it happens in the distant future , may or may not have much impact .
it is also the case that what is said about something which , if there is one day , will perhaps have little impact .
there is also talk about something which , if there is one day , will perhaps have little impact .

le nord du kosovo , aujourd&apos; hui en grande partie sous le contrôle de belgrade , ne doit pas être cloisonné de fait tout en ne l&apos; étant pas de nom .
northern kosovo , now largely under belgrade &apos;s control , must not be partitioned off in all but name .
the north of kosovo , which is now largely under the control of belgrade , must not be removed in fact while not being a name .
the north of kosovo , which is now largely under the control of belgrade , must not be closed at all while not being name .

la banque est axée sur la représentation des intérêts de ses pays emprunteurs , en les aidant à développer des actifs pour le commerce du carbone en fonction de leurs propres priorités .
the bank is focused on representing the interests of its borrowing countries , helping them to develop assets for carbon trading according to their own priorities .
the bank is focused on the representation of the interests of its borrowers , helping them to develop assets for carbon trade according to their own priorities .
the bank is focused on the representation of the interests of its loans , helping them to develop assets for carbon trade according to their own priorities .

il est temps à présent de construire , pas de démanteler ou de saper , les institutions internationales qui auront à gérer notre réponse au changement climatique dans les années à venir .
so now is the time to build , not disrupt or impede , the international institutions that will manage our response to global climate change in the years ahead .
it is now time to build , not to dismantle or undermine , the international institutions that will manage our response to climate change in the coming years .
it is now time to build , not to dismantle or undermine , the international institutions that will have to manage our response to climate change in the coming years .

en 1909 , il revint en angleterre pour occuper une chaire à leeds , tout en poursuivant son travail sur la nature des rayons x .
in 1909 he returned to britain to take up a chair at leeds , continuing his work on the nature of x-rays .
in 1982 , it revised in england in order to deal with a chor , while continuing its work on the nature of the rax .
in 19hasty , he reviews in england in order to deal with a chains in lelees , while keeping his work on the nature of rays .

mais ces transferts dépendraient de la politique financière de l&apos; ue au moment de l&apos; adhésion , du résultat des négociations et de l&apos; évolution de la situation économique turque .
the size of these transfers , however , would depend on the eu &apos;s financial policies at the time of admission , the outcome of accession negotiations , and economic developments in turkey .
but these transfers would depend on the eu &apos;s financial policy at the time of accession , the result of the negotiations and the development of the turkish economic situation .
but these transfers would depend on the eu &apos;s financial policy at the time of accession , the result of the negotiations and the development of the turkish economic situation .

en conséquence , l&apos; entrepreunariat de ce type ( découvrir ce qui peut être produit ) est habituellement sous-représenté du fait du manque d&apos; incitation commerciale .
consequently , entrepreneurship of this type--learning what can be produced--will typically be under-supplied in the absence of non-market incentives .
as a result , the preoccupation of this type ( discover what can be produced ) is usually under-represented by the lack of commercial incentives .
as a result , there is usually a lack of trade incentives for the benefit of this type .

depuis que le monde est focalisé sur l&apos; irak , la corée du nord et une éventuelle crise avec l&apos; iran au sujet des armes nucléaires , le kosovo passe un peu inaperçu .
with the world focused on iraq , north korea , and a possible clash with iran over nuclear weapons , kosovo has fallen off the radar screen .
since the world has been focused on iraq , north korea and a possible crisis with iran on nuclear weapons , kosovo is going to be a little invisible .
since the world has been focused on iraq , north korea and a possible crisis with iran on nuclear weapons , kosovo is a little unnoticed .

je me suis fourvoyé pendant 20 ans : les régimes d&apos; europe occidentale sont restés stables malgré l&apos; exclusion d&apos; une vaste proportion de citoyens d&apos; une réelle participation dans la vie économique .
for 20 years , i have been wrong : west european polities have remained stable despite the exclusion of a large proportion of citizens from meaningful participation in much of economic life .
i have seen myself for 20 years : western european regimes have remained stable despite the exclusion of a large proportion of citizens of real participation in economic life .
i saw myself for 20 years : western european regimes have remained stable despite the exclusion of a large proportion of citizens from real participation in economic life .

une des caractéristiques primordiales de ces dernières décennies reste l&apos; augmentation importante de la productivité dans le domaine des services aux états-unis , mais cela ne s&apos; est absolument pas produit en europe .
one of the defining features of the past decades is the sharp increase in services productivity in the us ; none of that happened in europe .
one of the most important features of recent decades remains the significant increase in productivity in the united states &apos; services , but this has not happened in europe at all .
one of the key characteristics of recent decades remains the significant increase in productivity in the services sector in the united states , but this has not happened at all in europe .

il est parfois ardu de savoir si le décès ou l&apos; hospitalisation d&apos; un patient est imputable à un médicament particulier , à la maladie traitée ou à l&apos; association des deux .
whether a patient &apos;s death or hospitalization is due to a particular drug , the underlying illness , or a combination of the two can be hard to determine .
it is sometimes arduous to know whether the death or hospital of a patient is due to a particular medicine , the disease dealt with or the association of the two .
sometimes it is difficult to know whether the death or the treatment of a patient is due to a particular medicine , the disease dealt with or the association of the two .

le conseil doit être rendu explicitement responsable de la « sécurité de l&apos; homme » et de sa protection , outre son rôle actuel de sauvegarde de notions plus traditionnelles de sécurité internationale .
the council should be made explicitly responsible for &quot; human security &quot; and be given a responsibility to protect it , in addition to its current role in safeguarding more traditional notions of international security .
the council must be explicitly responsible for the &apos; human security &apos; and its protection , in addition to its current role of safeguarding more traditional international security concepts .
the council must be explicitly responsible for the &apos; human safety &apos; and for its protection , in addition to its current role in safeguarding more traditional international security concepts .

la première erreur des électeurs californiens porte sur « l&apos; attrait de l&apos; immédiat » , ce qui est loin d&apos; être surprenant dans un état où la satisfaction immédiate constitue soi-disant une valeur fondamentale .
californian voters &apos; first mistake is thus what may be called &quot; the lure of the immediate &quot; --none too surprising in a state where instant gratification is supposedly a core value .
the first mistake of the fornian voters is &apos; the attering of the immediate &apos; , which is far from surprising in a state where immediate satisfaction is a fundamental value .
the first mistake of the electrofornians is &apos; the immediate workshop &apos; , which is far from surprising in a state where immediate satisfaction is supposed to be a fundamental value .

ces coûts budgétaires ( sans tenir compte des intérêts ) se montent à 652 milliards de dollars pour nos estimations les plus modestes , et à 799 milliards de dollars pour nos estimations modérées .
these budgetary costs ( exclusive of interest ) amount to $ 652 billion in our conservative estimate and $ 799 billion in our moderate estimate .
these budgetary costs ( without taking account of interest ) are at usd 652 billion for our most modest estimates , and usd 799 billion for our moderate estimates .
these budgetary costs ( without taking account of the interests ) are usd 652 billion for our most modest estimates , and usd 799 billion for our moderate estimates .

mais l&apos; organisation de l&apos; invasion de l&apos; irak , pour laquelle rumsfeld avait préconisé le recours à moins de soldats que prévu , montre une piètre compréhension des systèmes distribués .
but the planning for the iraq invasion , in which rumsfeld advocated the use of fewer troops than advised , suggests a poor understanding of distributed systems .
but the organisation of the invasion of iraq , for which sfeld had recommended the use of less soldiers than planned , shows a pioneering understanding of the systems distributed .
but the organisation of the invasion of iraq , for which sfeld recommended the use of less soldiers planned , shows a pious understanding of the distribution systems .

mais dans un monde où , comme le disait yeats , &quot; les pires sont pleins d&apos; intensité passionnée et les meilleurs manquent de toute conviction , &quot; cela vaut la peine d&apos; essayer .
but in a world where , as yeats said , &quot; and the best lack all conviction , while the worst are full of passionate intensity , &quot; it is worth trying .
but in a world in which , as the yee said , &apos; the worst are full of passionate intensity and the best of conviction , &apos; that is worth trying .
but in a world where , as the yev said , &apos; the worst are exciting and the best of conviction , &apos; it is worth trying to do so .

les californiens , bien entendu , ne seront pas privés du droit de vote , mais leur entêtement risque d&apos; engendrer une forme imprévisible et irresponsable de politique d&apos; état .
californians , of course , won &apos;t be disenfranchised , but their willfulness threatens to yield a wayward and irresponsible form of state politics .
of course , the fornians will not be deprived of the right of vote , but their fear of creating an unpredictable and irresponsible form of state policy .
of course , the fornians will not be deprived of the right to vote , but their risk of creating an unpredictable and irresponsible form of state policy .

néanmoins , les pays d&apos; amérique latine n&apos; ont pas encore essayé de déclencher une révolution technologique , certainement pas avec le degré d&apos; importance , la compétence , l&apos; engagement et le financement dont ont fait preuve les pays asiatiques .
still , latin american countries have not yet tried to foster a technological revolution , certainly not with the focus , skill , commitment , and financing that asian countries have shown .
nevertheless , the latin american countries have not yet tried to launch a technological revolution , certainly not with the degree of importance , competence , commitment and funding demonstrated by the asian countries .
however , the latin american countries have not yet tried to launch a technological revolution , certainly not with the degree of importance , competence , commitment and funding shown by the asian countries .

cinq années ont passé depuis les attaques terroristes de septembre 2001 sur new york et washington , et pourtant il semble que les décideurs n&apos; ont que très peu appris sur le mode de fonctionnement des cellules terroristes et sur leurs faiblesses .
five years have passed since the terrorist attacks on new york and washington of september , 2001 , yet it seems that policymakers have learned little about how terrorist cells operate , and what their weaknesses are .
five years have passed since the terrorist attacks in september 2001 on new york and washington , and yet it seems that decision makers have little to learn about the way in which terrorist cells operate and their weaknesses are functioning .
five years have passed since the terrorist attacks in september 2001 on new york and washington , yet it seems that decision-makers have only learned very little about the way in which terrorist cells operate and on their weaknesses .

réconcilier ces objectifs serait un test difficile même pour le politicien le plus expérimenté et le plus cynique , alors de là à savoir si le président roh peut réussir relève de la divination .
reconciling those goals would test even the most experienced and cynical of politicians , so it is anyone &apos;s guess as to whether president roh can succeed .
this would be a difficult test for the most experienced and most cynicism , so if president roh can succeed in divy .
these objectives would be a difficult test for the most experienced and cynical politician , so if president roh can succeed in the divator .

ce fut , bien sûr , le décès de l&apos; ancien chef du parti , hu yaobang , un libéral de la trempe de zhao , qui déclencha les manifestations de 1989 .
it was , of course , the death of former party chief hu yaobang , a liberal like zhao , which set off the protests in 1989 .
it was , of course , the death of the former leader of the party , hu yaobang , a liberal of the pope of zhao , who launched the demonstrations in 1989 .
it was , of course , the death of the former leader of the party , hu yaobang , a liberal of zhao , who launched the demonstrations in 1989 .

l&apos; émergence d&apos; une « société civile mondiale » embryonnaire exacerbe l&apos; exigence de figures universelles et charismatiques , représentantes d&apos; un espoir de responsabilisation mondiale , avec certains accents populistes .
the emergence of an embryonic &quot; world civil society &quot; heightens demand for universal and charismatic figures , holding out the hope of global accountability , but also carrying populist overtones .
the emergence of a &apos; global civil society &apos; embryo would exacerbate the demand for universal and charisic figures , representing a hope of global responsibility , with certain populists of populists .
the emergence of a &apos; world civil society &apos; , the embryo is exacerbating the demand for universal and charity , representing hope of global responsibility , with some populist accreditation .

les résultats , au-delà des avantages sanitaires que cela procure à tous , ont fourni la preuve d&apos; une croissance économique record : il suffit d&apos; examiner les investissements hydroélectriques pour comprendre l&apos; impact positif des projets de gestion de l&apos; eau dans de nombreux pays .
the result , beyond the health benefits for all , has been a proven record of economic growth ; one only has to look at investment in hydropower to see the positive impact of water management projects on many economies .
the results , beyond the health benefits of all of them , have provided evidence of record economic growth : it is enough to look at hydroelectric investments to understand the positive impact of water management projects in many countries .
the results , beyond the health benefits that this gives all , have provided evidence of record economic growth : it is enough to look at hydroelectric investment in order to understand the positive impact of water management projects in many countries .

en effet , les organisations qui se sont officiellement engagées à impliquer toutes les nations dans leur prise de décisions sont souvent contrôlées par de petits groupes de nations puissantes , tandis que d&apos; autres ne font qu&apos; accomplir un simulacre de participation .
indeed , organizations that are officially committed to involving all nations in their decision making are often controlled by small groups of powerful nations , while others merely go through the motions of participation .
indeed , the organisations which have formally committed themselves to involving all nations in their decision-making are often monitored by small groups of powerful nations , while others do nothing but make a contribution .
indeed , the organisations that have officially committed themselves to involving all nations in their decision-making processes are often controlled by small groups of powerful nations , while others are doing nothing more than making the participation .

ceci nécessiterait d&apos; accroître les investissements dans la recherche et le développement sur l&apos; énergie afin d&apos; élaborer des technologies à la fois nouvelles et meilleures , un processus qui doit être soutenu par des partenariats plus solides entre le public et le privé .
this would require increasing investments in energy research and development for new and improved technologies -- a process that needs to be supported by stronger public-private partnerships .
this would require greater investment in research and energy development in order to develop new and better technologies , a process that must be supported by stronger partnerships between the public and the private sector .
this would require an increase in investment in research and development in energy in order to develop new and better technologies , a process which must be supported by stronger partnerships between the public and private .

comment savoir ? &#93; l&apos; idée de départ consistait à solliciter des milliers de prédictions auprès de centaines d&apos; experts au sujet des destins de dizaines de pays , et de noter ces prédictions en fonction de leur exactitude .
the basic idea was to solicit thousands of predictions from hundreds of experts about the fates of dozens of countries , and then score the predictions for accuracy .
how was the starting point to ask for thousands of experts from hundreds of experts on the host of tens of countries , and to note these prejudices according to their accuracy .
how do we know how the starting idea was to request thousands of prejudices to hundreds of experts about the beneficiaries of tens of countries , and to note these prejudices on the basis of their accuracy .

pour le moment , les électeurs coréens , apparemment insensibles aux menaces présentées par les armes nucléaires de la corée du nord , soutiennent la politique de roh pour le maintien du dialogue et des échanges économiques avec le nord .
for now , korean voters--apparently impervious to the threat that north korea &apos;s nuclear weapons poses--support roh &apos;s policy of maintaining dialogue and economic exchange with the north .
at the moment , the korean voters , apparently absurd to the threats presented by the nuclear weapons of north korea , support the roh policy for maintaining dialogue and economic exchanges with the north .
at the moment , the korean voters , apparently absurd at the threats presented by the nuclear weapons of north korea , support roh policy for the maintenance of dialogue and economic trade with the north .

ce n&apos; est que si les salaires s&apos; ajustent à la baisse pour s&apos; adapter au nouvel environnement mondial que les travailleurs allemands redeviendront compétitifs , et que le pays connaîtra à nouveau un bas taux de chômage , en exploitant son capital humain jusqu&apos; à la contrainte de capacité .
only if wages adjust downward to accommodate the new international environment can german workers become competitive again , so that the country returns to a higher employment level , exploiting its human capital up to the capacity constraint .
it is only if wages are adjusted to reduce to adapt to the new global environment that german workers will become competitive , and that the country will once again have a low rate of unemployment , using its human capital until they are forced into capacity .
only if wages are adapted to the fall in order to adapt to the new global environment that german workers will become competitive , and that the country will have a low rate of unemployment once again , using its human capital to the constraints of capacity .

les choix politiques qu&apos; il avait épousés durant sont mandat sont eux morts depuis longtemps : le 19 mai 1989 , quand il est apparu sur la place tienanmen juste avant l&apos; aube pour supplier , les larmes aux yeux , et demander pardon aux manifestants .
but the political agenda that he espoused while in office passed away long ago , on may 19 , 1989 , when he appeared in tiananmen square just before dawn to beg tearfully for the forgiveness of protesters .
the political choices he had made during his term of office have been dead for a long time : on 19 may 1989 , when he became on tienanmen &apos;s place just before the aulest , for which i am in the eyes , and asked for the demonstrators to be forgiven .
the political choices he had made during his term have been dead for a long time : on 19 may 1989 , when he became on the tienanmen &apos;s place just before the aug , the tears in the eyes of the house , and asked for the demonstrators to do so .

en europe centrale , ce phénomène a été amplifié du fait que les partis au pouvoir , toutes tendances confondues , ont dû privatiser l&apos; économie et introduire sous la pression de l&apos; union européenne , des réformes qui en occident auraient été accomplies par la droite .
in central europe this effect has been amplified by the fact that , regardless of ideological leanings , rulings parties have had to privatize the economy and , under pressure from the european union , introduce reform measures that would , in a classical western system , usually be undertaken by the political right .
in central europe , this phenomenon has been increased by the fact that the parties in power , all confused trends , have had to privatise the economy and introduce reforms in the west , which would have been carried out by the right .
this phenomenon in central europe has been increased by the fact that the parties in power , all confused trends , have had to privatise the economy and introduce under pressure from the european union , reforms that would have been carried out by the right .

ces valeurs ont alimenté le combat contre les totalitarismes nazi et soviétique , le fascisme et la dictature militaire . en leur nom , les minorités se sont vues reconnaître les droits à l&apos; égalité et à la dignité , la décolonisation a été conduite .
such values animated the fight against nazi and soviet totalitarianism , fascism , and military dictatorship ; in their name , decolonization was achieved , and minorities gained equality and dignity .
these values have given rise to the fight against nazi and soviet totalitarianism , fascism and military dictatorship , and in their name minorities have recognised the rights of equality and dignity , the decency has been conducted .
these values have resulted in the fight against the nazi and soviet totalitarianism , fascism and military dictatorship , and , on their behalf , minorities have recognised the rights of equality and dignity , the denial of settlement has been conducted .

mais lorsque bernal observa les cristaux dans un microscope léger , il nota que lorsque l&apos; importante quantité d&apos; eau contenue dans le réseau des cristaux s&apos; évaporait , l&apos; ordre des cristaux s&apos; en trouvait bouleversé .
but when bernal observed the crystals in a light microscope , he noticed that as the large amount of water in the crystal lattice evaporated , they became disordered .
however , when bernal observed the rates in a microscope , he nota that when the large quantity of water contained in the rate network was avoided , the order of the rates was being undermined .
when , however , when bernal observed the rates in a microscope , it is nota that when the large amount of water contained in the rate network was avoided , the order of the rates was being broken down .

avec une seule exception notable dans les annã <unk> es 1950 , aucun des deux principaux partis politiques d&apos; allemagne ( les dã <unk> mocrates sociaux et les dã <unk> mocrates chrã <unk> tiens modã <unk> rã <unk> ment conservateurs ) n&apos; a jamais rã <unk> ussi ã obtenir une majoritã <unk> absolue au parlement .
with one notable exception in the 1950 &apos;s , none of germany &apos;s two main political parties - the social democrats and the moderately conservative christian democrats - has ever managed to win an absolute majority in parliament .
with a single significant exception in the 1950 revolution , none of the two main political parties in germany ( the dbicrats and the dagcrats and the blowed blowing of the mistreata brake , which is a brake , has never been used as a threat if an absolute majority in parliament were to be obtained .
with a single significant exception in the 1950 era , none of the two main political parties in germany ( the tordmocrats and the dashes of the enacted mocracy , which has never been brought to the fore .

de même , les sommes versées pour les soldats tués ne se montent qu&apos; à 500 000 dollars , ce qui est bien inférieur aux estimations standards du coût économique d&apos; un décès sur une vie , auquel on se réfère parfois sous le nom de valeur statistique d&apos; une vie ( de 6,1 à 6,5 millions de dollars ) .
similarly , payments for those who are killed amount to only $ 500,000 , which is far less than standard estimates of the lifetime economic cost of a death , sometimes referred to as the statistical value of a life ( $ 6.1 to $ 6.5 million ) .
in the same way , the amounts paid for the soldiers killed are only usd 500 000 , which is much lower than the cost of the economic cost of a life death , which is sometimes referred to as the statistical value of a life ( from 66.1 to usd 6.5 million ) .
equally , the sums paid for soldiers killed are only usd 500 000 , which is much less than the estimates of the economic cost of death on a life , which sometimes refers to the name of statistical value of a life ( 6.1 to 6.5 million dollars ) .

nous n&apos; essayons pas d&apos; expliquer que le peuple américain a été délibérément trompé sur les coûts de la guerre , ou que la grossière sous-estimation de l&apos; administration bush doit être mise sur le compte de l&apos; incompétence , comme celle-ci le défend avec véhémence dans le cas des armes de destruction massive .
we do not attempt to explain whether the american people were deliberately misled regarding the war &apos;s costs , or whether the bush administration &apos;s gross underestimate should be attributed to incompetence , as it vehemently argues is true in the case of weapons of mass destruction .
we are not trying to explain that the american people have been deliberately misled to the costs of war , or that the gross under-estimates of the bush administration must be taken into account the incompetence , as the united states is defending in the case of weapons of mass destruction .
we are not trying to explain that the american people have been deliberately misled on the costs of war , or that the gross subestimate of the bush administration must be taken into account in the light of incompetence , as advocated in the case of mass destruction in the case of weapons of mass destruction .

une telle situation laisse présager deux conséquences fatales : d&apos; abord , qu&apos; il n&apos; existe aucun moyen plus avantageux de retourner certaines parties de l&apos; opinion publique des pays candidats contre l&apos; union européenne que de permettre aux populistes locaux de dépeindre l&apos; union comme un agent de diffusion de la puissance allemande .
two savage consequences are foreseeable : first , that there is no better way to turn parts of public opinion in the candidate countries against the eu than by allowing local populists to portray the union as an agent of spreading german power .
there are two fatal consequences in this situation : firstly , that there is no more beneficial way to return some parts of the public opinion of the candidate countries against the european union than to allow local populists to paint the union as a vehicle broadcasting of the german power .
there are two fatal consequences for this situation : firstly , there is no more favourable way to return to certain parts of the public opinion of the candidate countries against the european union than to allow local populists of depaths to delight the union as a dissemination of the german power .

mais toute tentative visant à limiter la discrétion fiscale du gouvernement fédéral américain à la manière du pacte de stabilité ( par exemple , la loi gramm / rudman tristement célèbre de l&apos; ère clinton ) s&apos; écroule toujours à la fin devant la pression du président et du congrès .
but any attempt to limit the fiscal discretion of america &apos;s federal government in the manner of the stability pact-for example , the infamous gramm / rudman rules of the clinton era-always collapse in the end in the face of presidential and congressional pressure .
however , any attempt to limit the fiscal discretion of the us federal government to the way in which the stability pact ( for example , the law / rudman / rudder of the clinton era ) is continuing to put an end to the pressure of the president and congress .
however , any attempt to limit the tax discretion of the american federal government in the way of the stability pact ( for example , the law of the famous clinton era ) is becoming an end to the pressure of president and congress .

aux états-unis , le gouvernement bush reste sceptique quant au pouvoir stimulant des politiques monétaires et veut entretenir de gros déficits budgétaires pour réduire le chômage , espérant que les dangers futurs qu&apos; impliquent des déficits persistants -- investissement affaibli , croissance ralentie , perte de confiance , inflation incontrôlable et dépréciation des taux de change-- puissent être adroitement manipulés ou ne se révèleront qu&apos; après le départ de l&apos; équipe bush de la présidence .
in the us , the bush administration is skeptical of the stimulative power of monetary policy and wants bigger fiscal deficits to reduce unemployment , hoping that the future dangers posed by persistent deficits -- low investment , slow growth , loss of confidence , uncontrolled inflation and exchange rate depreciation-- can be finessed , or will not become visible until after the bush team leaves office .
the bush government remains sceptical about the stimulating power of monetary policies and wants to maintain major budget deficits to reduce unemployment , hoping that the future dangers involved in persistent deficits - weakened investment - growth , loss of confidence , loss of confidence , unchecked inflation and delight of the changing rates - can be suddenly mapped out or run after the bush presidency of the bush presidency .
the bush government remains sceptical about the incentive for monetary policies and wants to maintain major budget deficits to reduce unemployment , hope that the future dangers of persistent deficits - which are weakened - growth , loss of confidence , inflation , uncontrollable and uncontrollable and depletion of changing rates - will be able to be suddenly evacuated or will only take place after the president of the president of bush .

cet héritage a façonné l&apos; environnement intellectuel dans lequel fut formée l&apos; équipe père-fils composée de william et lawrence bragg et au sein de laquelle lawrence bragg , d&apos; abord comme étudiant puis comme étudiant chercheur , développa en 1912 les idées menant à l&apos; analyse structurale par radiographie .
this legacy shaped the intellectual environment in which the father-and-son team of william and lawrence bragg were trained , and where lawrence bragg--first as an undergraduate and then as a research student--developed in 1912 the ideas that led to x-ray structural analysis .
the intellectual environment in which the team was formed by william and lawrence and in which lawrt braglig , first of all , studied as a study and then study , developed in 1912 the ideas leading to the structure by radio , was formalised by the team of william william and lawrlighg and lawgggglig in which , first to study as a study , developed in 1912 of the ideas leading to the structure by radio .
the intellectual environment , in which the willam of willience and bragg , and in which the brarence is , first of all , to study this study as a study , has led to the intellectual environment in which the intellectual environment was formed in which the william team , willirence and bragence team , and in which the lawrence of which , first and first of which , as study and then , as a study , was studied by the study , led in 1912 the ideas on the structured analysis of the radiostructure led by radio .

