rozhodně ne slepou vírou v technologie .
not blind faith in technology .
it is certainly not a blind faith in technology .
certainly not a blind eye to technology .

jsou francouzští politici chytřejší ?
are french policymakers smarter ?
are french politicians more likely ?
are french politicians faithful ?

je tedy boom u konce ?
has the boom ended ?
so is the boom ?
so is it bold to the end ?

to však není fér .
but that is unfair .
however , this is not fair .
however , this is not fair .

ale co čína ?
but what about china ?
but what about china ?
but what about china ?

i tento domnělý úspěch byl ale morálně nejednoznačný .
but even this seeming success was morally ambiguous .
however , this indicative success has been morally ambiguous .
however , this indigenous success has been morally unambiguous .

kosovo se totiž stalo petriho miskou mezinárodní intervence .
indeed , kosovo has become a petri dish for international intervention .
because kosovo has become a trick of international intervention .
in fact , kosovo has become a petrol mission of international intervention .

když se sníží soukromé příjmy , sníží se i příjmy veřejné .
when private incomes fall , so do public revenues .
when private revenue is reduced , public revenue will also be reduced .
when private revenue is reduced , public incomes will also be reduced .

pro kosovo neexistuje žádné jiné realistické řešení než nezávislost .
no realistic solution exists for kosovo but independence .
there is no other realistic solution for kosovo than independence .
there is no other realistic solution for kosovo than independence .

je indie připravena na úplnou směnitelnost ?
is india ready for full convertibility ?
is india ready to be fully mixed ?
is india prepared for full rigour ?

jejich prioritou je financování bezprostředních problémů a požitků přislíbených dnes .
their priority is paying for immediate problems , and for today &apos;s promised benefits .
their priority is the financing of immediate problems and the benefits promised today .
their priority is the financing of immediate problems and the benefits promised today .

v británii a ve spojených státech tato monetaristická sázka vyšla .
in britain and the united states , this monetarist bet turned out well .
in britain and in the united states , this monetary policy has risen .
in britain and in the united states , this monetary arrogance has increased .

stejně tak se nesnažíme hodnotit , zda existovaly efektivnější způsoby vedení války .
nor do we attempt to assess whether there were more cost-effective ways of waging the war .
likewise , we will not assess whether there have been more effective ways of conducting war .
similarly , we do not look at whether there were more effective ways of managing war .

neméně bezútěšné příklady představují etiopie a jemen .
ethiopia and yemen are equally stark examples .
ethical examples represent ethiopia and yemen .
less uncomfortable examples represent ethiopia and yemen .

myšlenku , že technologie mohou znamenat spásu , lze zavrhnout snadno .
it is easy to dismiss the suggestion that technology can save the day .
the idea that technology can mean committed can be shut down easily .
the idea that technology can mean committed can be completed easily .

zdá se však , že podobné úvahy jdou nad rámec kalkulací bushovy administrativy .
but such considerations appear to be beyond the bush administration &apos;s reckoning .
it seems , however , that similar considerations go beyond the bush administration framework .
however , it seems that similar considerations go beyond the calm of the bush administration .

čím si tedy vysvětlit onu záhadnou absenci skutečného růstu v uplynulých 25 letech ?
what , then , accounts for the puzzling lack of real growth over the past 25 years ?
so what can i explain to the mysterious absence of real growth in the last 25 years ?
so what can i explain to the habit of real growth in the last 25 years ?

získal také první rentgenové snímky částečně orientovaných vzorků dna .
he also obtained the first x-ray patterns of partially oriented samples of dna .
it has also received the first rgenic dreams of partially oriented patterns .
it has also received the first rgenic reduction of partisans partly oriented temperatures .

řada mladých lidí je však na střední školu špatně připravena a míst je poskrovnu .
yet many young people are ill prepared for secondary school , and places are scarce .
however , a number of young people are poorly prepared for the school , and there is a scandal .
however , many young people are poorly prepared in central school , and there is a comparisons .

má-li země překonat problémy a pokračovat v růstu , bude muset zpružnit svůj trh práce .
in order for the country to meet the challenges and to continue to grow , it would have to make its labor markets flexible .
if countries are to overcome problems and continue growth , they will have to flexibility their labour market .
if the country is to overcome problems and continue growth , it will have to flexible its labour market .

má-li publikum pokrokový vkus , pak jsou soukromé peníze a neotřelý program naprosto slučitelné .
if the audience has progressive tastes , private money and innovative programming are entirely compatible .
if the publicity is a progressive piece , then private money and an inappalling programme are completely compatible .
if the publication of a progressive piece , then private money and an unshameful programme are absolutely compatible .

právě proto by se diskuse o reformě rady bezpečnosti neměly zaměřovat na změnu jejího složení , nýbrž jejího poslání .
this is why debates about reforming the security council should focus not on changing its composition , but on its mission .
that is why the debate on the reform of the security council should not focus on changing its composition , but on its mission .
that is why the debate on the reform of the security council should not focus on changing its composition , but its mission .

jako ombudsman jsem se například stavěl proti omezení práva rusů na soudy před porotou .
for example , as ombudsman , i was opposed to curtailing the right of russians to jury trials .
as a ombudsman , i have , for example , opposed the restrictions on the right of russians to the courts before the year .
for example , as a ombudsman , i was opposed to the restriction of the law of russians against the courts .

existují ovšem obavy , které znepokojují , nejsou-li přímo zásadním jablkem sváru .
but there are concerns that , if not fundamentally divisive , are worrying .
there are , of course , concerns that concern , if they are directly a fundamental scratch .
however , there are fears that are concerned if the cornerstones are directly relevant .

dalším úkolem je pomáhat zemím , jež propadly násilí , aby dokázaly začít pomalý proces obnovy .
another is to assist countries that have collapsed into violence to begin the slow process of recovery .
another task is to help countries that have fallen through violence in order to start the slow recovery process .
another task is to help countries that have seen violence in order to start a small recovery process .

ovšemže , svět se na některých frontách dočkal v posledních desetiletích jistého pokroku .
to be sure , the world has seen progress on some fronts in recent decades .
sheep , the world has seen some fronts on some fronts in recent decades of certain progress .
indeed , the world has seen some fronts on some fronts in recent decades of progress .

vše ostatní bude pravděpodobně stejně stabilní jako žebříček deseti nejpopulárnějších hitů tohoto týdne .
anything else is likely to be about as stable as this week &apos;s top ten pop songs .
all the other things will probably be as stable as the ten most popular game of this week .
everything else will probably be as stable as the flagship of ten of the most popular hurts of this week .

nákaza uvnitř i napříč trhy pak může působit směrem dolů a tlačit ceny níže po dobu několika let .
then , contagion within and across markets can work in a downward direction , propelling prices lower for years .
they can then move in the markets both inside and across the markets and push prices for a few years .
then , within and across the markets , the markets can move in the direction and push prices for a few years .

můj úřad v těsné spolupráci se státem zajistil , že se ve většině případů poroty i nadále využívají .
my office worked closely with the state to assure that , in most cases , juries are used .
my office in close cooperation has ensured that , in most cases , the pockets continue to be used .
my office in close cooperation has ensured that , in most cases , the roles continue to be used .

ve třicátých letech bylo trnem v oku některých středoevropských zemí versailleské uspořádání .
in the 1930s , the pet hate of some central european countries was &quot; the versailles order . &quot;
in the 1930s , some of the central european countries of versaillese have been in the middle of the 1930s .
in three years &apos; time , it was in the eyes of some central european countries of versailov .

chcete vědět , který videoklip brzy nažene hrůzu zákonodárcům po celém světě ?
do you want to know which video clip will soon be scaring the daylights out of policymakers throughout the world ?
do you want to know what videop will soon be women from legislators throughout the world ?
do you want to know which videop vicinop will soon be widened by the various legislators throughout the world ?

v jiné zemi jsem hovořil s vůdcem islámské fundamentalistické opozice , která vedla dlouhotrvající občanskou válku proti vládě .
in one country , i spoke with a leader of the islamic fundamentalist opposition , which had waged a long civil war against the government .
in another country , i spoke with the leader of the islamic fundamentalist opposition , which led a long-standing civil war against the government .
in another country , i spoke with the leader of the islamic fundamentalist opposition , which led a long-lasting civil war against the government .

místo toho slibují občanům určitou životní úroveň ( včetně hodnoty lékařských služeb ) , která je očistěna o inflaci .
instead , they are promises of a certain standard of living ( including the value of medical services ) , corrected for inflation .
instead , they promise a certain standard of living for citizens ( including the value of medical services ) , which is clean to inflation .
instead , they promise citizens a certain standard of living ( including the values of medical services ) , which is clean inflation .

abychom toho byli schopni , mezi našimi deklarovanými principy a naším skutečným jednáním nesmí zet příliš hluboká propast .
to do so , there cannot be too wide a gap between our stated principles and our actual behavior .
in order to be able to do this , there must be too deep gaps between our dedeclared principles and our real negotiations .
in order to be able to be able to do so , between our deliberate principles and our real negotiations , it must not become too profound .

vlády musí rozšířit příležitosti pro mladé lidi tím , že zlepší kvalitu zdravotnických a vzdělávacích služeb a současně i přístup k nim .
governments must broaden opportunities for young people by improving access to , and the quality of , health and educational services .
governments must extend opportunities for young people by improving the quality of health and education services and , at the same time , access to them .
governments must extend opportunities to young people by improving the quality of health and education services , while also accessing them .

náprava problému vyžaduje úplnou spolupráci lékařů , avšak k tomu je třeba zbavit je strachu ze soudních sporů .
fixing the problem requires full cooperation from clinicians , but this requires ending their fear of litigation .
the correction and correction of the problem requires full cooperation between doctors , but the fear of judicial disputes must be removed .
the correction of the problem requires full cooperation between doctors , but we need to get rid of this from judicial disputes .

rozvojové problémy v africe představují jen jeden z příkladů , jak lze palčivá celospolečenská témata řešit vývojem a rozšířením zdokonalených technologií .
the development challenges in africa are just one example of how tough societal problems can be addressed by the design and spread of improved technologies .
development problems in africa represent only one example of how palpable lifelong social issues can be dealt with by developing and expanding improved technologies .
development problems in africa represent only one example of how we can deal with the challenges of development and the expansion of improved technologies .

tato referenda částečně odrážela nespokojenost s domácí politikou a částečně zklamání ze způsobu , jakým vlády přistupují k evropským záležitostem .
those votes partly reflected displeasure with domestic policies , and partly disappointment with the way governments conduct european affairs .
this referendum partially reflected the dissatisfaction with domestic policy and partly disappointing the way in which governments treat european issues .
this referendum has partly reflected dissatisfaction with domestic policy and partly disappointing the way in which governments are taking european matters .

a jak dále s ecb , která po 30 měsících vyčkávání jen poposunula úrokové sazby o 0,25 % výše ?
and what next for the ecb , which has just nudged up interest rates by 0.25 % , after 30 months on hold .
how and how , moreover , with the ecb , which , after 30 months of expulsion , has only moved interest rates by 0.25 % ?
how , and how , with the ecb , which , after 30 months , has only moved the interest rate rate rates by 0.25 % ?

například dumě trvá neúměrně dlouho přijetí zákona o lobbování , který ve většině rozvinutých demokracií zřetelně definuje přijatelné a nepřijatelné chování .
for example , the duma has taken far too long to enact a law on lobbying , which in most developed democracies clearly defines what constitutes acceptable and unacceptable behavior .
for example , the dual spirit has insisted , for a long time , on the adoption of a lobbying law , which clearly defines acceptable and unacceptable behaviour in most developed democracies .
for example , i am insistently insisting on the excessive adoption of the lobbying law , which clearly defines acceptable and unacceptable behaviour in most developed democracies .

deflace - ustavičný pokles cen - byla pro firmy a spotřebitele silnou pobídkou k omezování výdajů a ke spoření peněz .
deflation --a steady ongoing decline in prices-- gave businesses and consumers powerful incentives to cut spending and hoard cash .
there was a strong incentive for reducing expenditure and savings of money for consumers - a continuous drop in prices - for companies and consumers .
it was a strong incentive for companies and consumers to reduce expenditure and to save money .

mzdové náklady v deseti zemích , které v roce 2004 vstoupily do eu , činí v průměru pouhých 14 % západoněmecké úrovně .
on average , wage costs in the ten countries that joined the eu in 2004 are only 14 % of the west german level .
the wage costs in 10 countries that joined the eu in 2004 are , on average , only 14 % of the western western standards .
the wage costs in ten countries that joined the eu in 2004 make only 14 % of the west meltdown .

v tuto chvíli by zvýšení o 50 bazických bodů mohlo ecb na dosažení výsledku stačit <unk> a pak by se zřejmě sazby daly ponechat v klidu .
for the ecb , an increase of 50 basis points could do the job at this point -- after which rates could probably be put on hold for some time .
at this point , increasing the 50 bail-out points could be enough to achieve the outcome of the ecb and then , perhaps , the rate would be left to the people .
at the moment , an increase in 50 bahrain points of the ecb would have been able to come to a result , and then the rates would perhaps be left to the people .

je dnes běžným postupem , že mezinárodní organizace publikují zprávu , která má dávat prostor všem , , akcionářům &quot; a odrážet jejich názory .
it is now standard practice for international organizations publishing a report to involve all the &quot; stakeholders &quot; and to reflect their opinions .
today , the ordinary procedure is that the international organisations publish a report that has space to give everyone , shareholders &apos; and reflect their views .
today , it is a normal procedure that international organisations publish a report that has room for all , shareholders &apos; and reflect their views .

solidarita , ve smyslu jednoty plynoucí ze společných zájmů , také zřetelně existuje jak uvnitř původní evropské patnáctky , tak uvnitř rozšířené unie .
solidarity , in the sense of unity resulting from common interests , also clearly exists within both the original eu-15 and the enlarged union .
solidarity , in the sense of unity arising from common interests , there is also apparently both within the original european patterns and within the enlarged union .
solidarity , in the sense of unity arising from common interests , also clearly exists both within the original european patent and within the enlarged union .

lidé svobodně vyjádřili své mínění - v tisku , televizi , internetových diskusích - ohledně georgem bushem plánované války proti iráku .
people expressed their opinion freely--in newspapers , on television , in internet chat rooms--concerning george bush &apos;s planned war on iraq .
people have freely voiced their views - in the press , television , television , internet debates - on george bush planned war against iraq .
people have freely expressed their opinion - in the press , television , television , internet discussions - on the george bush of the planned war against iraq .

vytrvalá opozice institucí eu však vedla většinu kandidátských zemí k tomu , že opustily ideu jednostranného nebo co nejrychlejšího zavedení eura po vstupu do unie .
but continuing opposition by eu institutions has led most candidate countries to abandon the idea of adopting the euro unilaterally or as quickly as possible after entering the union .
however , the permanent opposition of the eu institutions has led the majority of candidate countries to leave the ideal of unilateral or as quickly as possible the introduction of the euro following the entry into the union .
however , the permanent opposition of the eu institutions led the majority of candidate countries to leave the ideal of unilateral or as quickly as possible the introduction of the euro after the accession to the union .

britský premiér tony blair tehdy uhranul svět evropské politiky , když v evropském parlamentu prohlásil , že je <unk> vášnivým proevropanem <unk> .
tony blair , british prime minister , electrified the world of european politics by telling the european parliament that he was a &quot; passionate pro-european &quot; .
the british prime minister , tony blair , then wrote the world of european policy when he said in the european parliament that it is a europeanist pro-europeans .
the british prime minister , tony blair blair , at that time , was the world of european policy when he said in the european parliament that it is a hesitant pro-european .

pouta , jež nás váží dohromady , sice čtyřicet let rozdírala sovětská nadvláda , to však evropský charakter těchto států nijak zásadně nezměnilo .
the ties that bind us together were frayed by forty years of soviet domination , but this did not fundamentally change these states &apos; european character .
however , it has not changed the european character of these states , which brings us together , in four years &apos; time , the soviet supreme government , but it has completely changed the european nature of these states .
however , the oppressive that brings us together , namely the 40 years of the soviet domination , has not changed the european character of these states , but this has completely changed the european nature of these states .

to způsobí nejen očividné těžkosti , ale zároveň to zbrzdí hospodářský růst , který miliony lidí potřebují k tomu , aby vybředly z chudoby .
this will cause obvious hardship , but it will also hold back the economic growth needed for millions of people to escape poverty .
this will cause not only obvious difficulties , but also hinder economic growth , which millions of people need to escape from poverty .
this will cause not only obvious difficulties , but will also hinder economic growth , which millions of people need to escape from poverty .

nová vláda , kterou voliči s největší pravděpodobností zvolí v září , bude stát před obtížným úkolem předestřít němcům realitu a prosadit nezbytné reformy .
the new government that voters will most likely elect in september will be confronted with the difficult task of confronting germans with reality and pushing through the necessary reforms .
the new government , which voters most likely to choose in september in september , will be a difficult task to handle the reality of the germans and to enforce the necessary reforms .
the new government , which the voters , with the greatest likelihood of election in september , will become a difficult task ahead of the estimate of the reality and to promote the necessary reforms .

došlo k tomu poté , co asad loni v září rozhodl o neústavním prodloužení mandátu libanonského prezidenta emila lahúda , navzdory francouzským a americkým výstrahám .
this came after assad last september imposed an unconstitutional extension of lebanese president emile lahoud &apos;s mandate , despite french and american warnings .
it was the case that last september the axis decided on the non-constitutional extension of the mandate of the lebanese president eminently , despite french and american diet .
this was the case after the assassination last september decided to extend the mandate of the lebanon president emanas , despite the french and american intimidation .

v nížině , která se táhne od bavorska až k dunaji , místo ní nastupuje nová , ošklivá forma nacionálního populismu .
in its place , an ugly new form of national populism is emerging across the plain that extends between bavaria and the danube .
in a joke that goes away from bavaria to the danube , instead of becoming a new , shocking form of nationalist populism .
there is a new , petty form of nationalism from bavaria from bavaria to the danube instead of a new , petty form of nationalism .

kaliforňané pochopitelně nebudou zbaveni občanských svobod , ale existuje riziko , že jejich vzpurnost s sebou přinese vrtošivou a nezodpovědnou formu státní politiky .
californians , of course , won &apos;t be disenfranchised , but their willfulness threatens to yield a wayward and irresponsible form of state politics .
of course , califord will not be deprived of civil liberties , but there is a risk of being able to deal with them by a superfluous and irresponsible form of state policy .
of course , california will not be deprived of civil liberties , but there is a risk that their hesitation will bring a straightforward and irresponsible form of state policy .

vždy , když se hans blix vyjádřil k iráckým inspekcím osn , které řídil , členové bushovy administrativy parafrázovali blixova slova .
every time hans blix commented on the un inspections of iraq that he was conducting , members of the bush administration would paraphrase what blix said .
always when hans expressed themselves to the iraqi un inspection by the members of the bush administration parked the following words .
always , when homework on the iraqi inspection of the united nations , which was governed by the bush administration , the members of the bush administration have made the spring lax words .

chybějící silná opozice vsak politickou pravici demoralizovala a ta se roztřístila do četných seskupení , která nedokáží nalézt společný jazyk .
however , lack of a strong opposition corrupted the political right , which splintered into various groupings that cannot find a common language .
the lack of a strong opposition to the political right has demolished and fragmented into numerous groupings that cannot find a common language .
the lack of a strong opposition to the sahrawi political right has demolied , and this has spread into numerous sections , which cannot find a common language .

již dnes dokážou <unk> hybridní <unk> automobily , které kombinují benzinový a bateriový pohon , přibližně zdvojnásobit efektivitu využívání paliva a snížit emise oxidu uhličitého o polovinu .
already , &quot; hybrid &quot; automobiles , which combine gasoline and battery power , can roughly double fuel efficiency , cutting carbon dioxide emissions by half .
today , the hybrid cars that combine petrol and battery batteries are already able to double the efficiency of fuel use and reduce carbon dioxide emissions by half .
today , you can already see the embryos of swept cars , combining the efficiency of fuel use and reducing carbon dioxide emissions by half .

ježci jsou myslitelé , kteří milují převratné nápady a velkolepé teorie : libertarianismus , marxismus , environmentalismus atd .
hedgehogs are big-idea thinkers in love with grand theories : libertarianism , marxism , environmentalism , etc .
the jews are the people who love the coup d &apos;état and the blind theory : liberal tarianism , marxism , mentalism and so on .
jews are the leaders of people who love the dominated ideas and the impasse theory : liberals of anism , marxism , mentalism , etc .

tato politika izrael hluboce rozdělila : osadníci <unk> většinou , i když ne bez výjimky nábožensky založení <unk> mají pocit , že je šaron jakožto <unk> otec osad <unk> zradil .
this policy has deeply divided israel : the settlers -- mostly , but not exclusively religious -- feel betrayed by sharon , &quot; the father of the settlements . &quot;
this policy has been deeply divided by israel : the settlers of the parliamentary majority , although not without the exception of religious establishment , they feel that it is arrogant as the father of the ox of the czechs was radically radical .
this policy has been deeply divided by israel : the eight directors of the majority , even if not without the opt-out of religion , they feel that it is arrogance as a father of the assassination .

v zájmu zmírnění bolestných dopadů pro srbsko se rada bezpečnosti musí vystříhat přiznání nezávislosti způsobem , který by byl natolik pokřivený , že by nový stát nemohl efektivně fungovat .
in the interest of reducing the blow to serbia , the security council must avoid granting independence in ways that are so contorted that the new state cannot effectively function .
in order to alleviate the painful effects for serbia , the security council must refrain from giving independence in a way that would be so appalling that the new state could not function effectively .
in order to alleviate the painful effects for serbia , the security council must root independence in a way that would be so shameful that the new state could not function effectively .

dnes se ale musíme odpoutat od fascinace a vděčnosti a uvědomit si , že úsilí o evropskou integraci zůstává nadále v nejvlastnějším zájmu usa , jež ji podporují už 50 let .
but today we must move away from fascination and gratitude and realize that the pursuit of european integration remains in the best interest of the us , which has supported it for 50 years .
today , however , we must resist from fascinity and gratitude and realise that efforts for european integration continue to remain in the most owner of the us &apos;s interests , which have been supporting it for 50 years .
however , today , we need to answer from fashion and gratitude and realise that the efforts of european integration continue to be in the most owned interest of the us , which has been supporting it for 50 years .

ve všech rozvojových zemích vlády naléhavě potřebují vymyslet správnou kombinaci investic a politických přístupů , aby zajistily , že mladí lidé získají vzdělání , najdou práci , zůstanou zdraví , založí rodinu a stanou se angažovanými občany .
throughout the developing world , governments urgently need to devise the right mix of investments and policies to encourage their young people to get an education , find work , stay healthy , form families , and exercise citizenship .
in all developing countries , governments urgently need to think about the right combination of investment and political approaches in order to ensure that young people obtain education , find work , stay in health , based on a family and become involved in citizens .
in all developing countries , governments urgently need to think the right combination of investment and political approaches in order to ensure that young people receive education , find work , remain health , based on family and become involved citizens .

výsledkem byl systém pevných , ale upravitelných měnových kurzů z brettonwoodské konference , který se časem proměnil v systém pohyblivých kurzů z osmdesátých let .
the result was the fixed-but-adjustable exchange rate system of bretton woods , which over time mutated into the floating-rate system of the 1980s .
as a result , the system has been fixed , but the right currency exchange rate from bretton woods , which has recently turned into a system of mobility courses from eighty years .
the result was the system of solid , but the right currency exchange rates from the bretton woods conference , which has changed in time in the system of mobility rates from eighty years .

více než 80 % dětí dnes chodí na základní školu , což je zvýšení z 50 % v roce 1970 , a dětská úmrtnost klesla za stejné období o více než 10 % na 6,5 % .
more than 80 % of children now attend primary school , up from 50 % in 1970 , and infant mortality has fallen from more than 10 % to 6.5 % over the same period .
more than 80 % of children are coming to a basic school today , which is an increase of 50 % in 1970 , and child mortality has fallen under the same period of over 10 % to 6.5 % .
more than 80 % of children are coming to basic school today , which is an increase of 50 % in 1970 , and child mortality has fallen over 10 % to 6.5 % in the same period .

vlády mnoha zemí se zpočátku stavěly ke stahování skepticky , ale uvědomily si , že <unk> jak praví washingtonské rčení <unk> <unk> tohle je jediná hra ve městě <unk> .
many governments were initially <<unk>> tical about disengagement , but realized that -- as the washington saying goes -- &quot; this is the only game in town . &quot;
the governments of many countries were at the beginning of a lack of scepticism , but they realised that , as washington rton rhall knows , this is the only success in the city of a discharge .
the governments of many countries have started at the beginning to build scepticism , but they have realised that they would be the case in the court of washington , as the court of washington knows , this is the only scrap in the town .

to vyžaduje větší finanční zajištění , které by mělo pocházet od hlavních příjemců tržeb z prodeje léčiv , tedy od farmaceutického průmyslu , tak jako letovou bezpečnost financují aerolinie .
this requires more funding , which should come from the main beneficiary of drug sales -- the pharmaceutical industry -- just as oversight of aviation safety is funded by the airlines .
this requires greater financial security , which should come from the main beneficiaries of the market sale of medicines , that is , from the pharmaceutical industry , as well as airline safety .
this requires greater financial security , which should come from the main beneficiaries of the sale of medicines , that is , from the pharmaceutical industry , as well as the airline safety of airlines .

rozhodnutí severní koreje vyhostit ze země inspektory osn pro atomovou energii je jedním z mnoha důvodů , proč bychom dva týdny starou volbu ro mu-hjona novým jihokorejským prezidentem měli vnímat jako historický milník .
north korea &apos;s decision to expel un atomic energy inspectors is but another reason to view roh moo hyun &apos;s election as south korea &apos;s president two weeks ago as an historical watershed .
the decision of north korea is to exhaustive from the united nations inspectorate country for atomic energy is one of the many reasons why , two weeks ago , we would have a stamp for musharraf with the new south korean president as a historic milestone .
the decision of north korea is to expel from the united nations inspector for atomic energy is one of the many reasons why we would have a new south korean president to be seen as a historical milestone for two weeks .

navzdory četným ujištěním orgánů osn , že kosovo je na cestě k usmíření a skutečné samosprávě , představitelé nato naznačují , že existují plány , jak v této provincii zachovat dlouhodobou vojenskou přítomnost za účelem <unk> zajištění úspěšného dokončení politického procesu <unk> .
despite the frequent assurances of un authorities that kosovo is on a path toward reconciliation and true home rule , nato officials indicate that there are plans to maintain a long-term military presence in the province in order to &quot; guarantee that the political process will be concluded successfully . &quot;
despite the numerous assurances of the un authorities , kosovo is on the road to reconciliation and real governance , nato leaders indicate that there are plans to maintain long-term military presence in this province to ensure that the successful conclusion of the political process is successful .
despite the numerous assurances of the un institutions , that kosovo is on the road to reconciliation and real governance , nato leaders indicate that there are plans to maintain long-term military presence in this province in order to ensure the successful completion of the political process .

zlepšená akvakultura , v jejímž rámci jsou ryby chovány v umělých sádkách a nádržích , má ještě stále k dokonalosti daleko <unk> především z ekologických důvodů <unk> , ale přesto jde o nesmírně slibnou technologii .
improved aquaculture , in which fish are grown at manmade fishponds and reservoirs is still far from being a perfect technology , mainly for environmental reasons , yet it is enormously promising .
the improved aquaculture of aquaculture , in which fish are fish in artificial missiles and maintenance , is still far from being finalised for environmental reasons , but yet it is extremely promising technology .
improved aquaculture culture , in which fish are hidden in artificial camps and maintenance , is still far from being completed , above all , for environmental reasons , but it is nevertheless a very promising technology .

nahrazení guvernéra , kterého si znovu zvolili teprve před rokem , arnoldem schwarzeneggerem , muselo být pro kalifornské voliče obrovským - byť trestuhodným - potěšením .
replacing a governor whom they re-elected only a year before with arnold schwarzenegger must have given californian voters an enormous--if guilty--pleasure .
once again , the replacement of the governor of the governor , who once again chosen a year ago , arnold schwarfeggeter , had to be a huge opportunity for the catholic electorate - albeit cold - was a pleasure .
once again , the replacement of the governor of a governor who has chosen once again only a year ago , arnos schwarzenegg , had to be a great deal for califorth - even cod - a shameful one .

pravda je taková , že tvůrci hospodářských politik žonglují se shluky potenciálních katastrof : odmršťují tu , která se zdá nejnebezpečnější , a vytvářejí prostor pro tu , která je zdánlivě vzdálenější .
the truth is that economic policymakers are juggling sets of potential disasters , exchanging the one that appears most threatening for a threat that seems more distant .
it is true that the creditors of economic policies are spreading potential disasters : they are discarding the most dangerous , and create space for which it is far more remote .
it is true that the creative economic policies are song out potential disasters : they are dead by the most dangerous ones , and create a space for which they are more remote .

nebudou-li předloženy žádné důkazy o zbraních hromadného ničení v měřítku , které by znamenalo hrozbu , pak si - bez ohledu na to , co se v iráku bude dál dít - politický konec zaslouží jak bush , tak blair .
if no evidence of such weapons is produced , then both bush and blair deserve to be finished politically , no matter what else happens in iraq .
if there is no evidence about weapons of mass destruction , which would mean a threat , then - regardless of what will continue to happen in iraq - the political end deserves both bush and blair .
if there is no evidence of weapons of mass destruction on a scale that would pose a threat , then , regardless of what will continue in iraq - the end of the political nature , both bush and blair .

někdy v průběhu příštího měsíce či dvou zváží kontaktní skupina pro balkán <unk> složená z usa , velké británie , francie , německa , itálie a ruska <unk> ahtisaariho doporučení ohledně konečného statusu kosova a možná i navrhne nějaké řešení radě bezpečnosti , na níž bude ležet konečné rozhodnutí .
some time over the next month or two , the balkan contact group <<unk>> the us , uk , france , germany , italy , and russia -- will consider ahtisaari &apos;s recommendations on kosovo &apos;s final status and possibly propose a solution to the security council , which must make the final decision .
during the next month or two months , the contact group for the balkans , the united kingdom , the united kingdom , france , germany , italy and russia , mr ahtisaari &apos;s recommendation on the final status of kosovo , and perhaps not proposing any solution to the security council on which the final decision will be taken .
sometimes in the course of next month or two days , the contact group for the balkans , the united kingdom , the great britain , france , germany , italy and russia , italy and mr ahtisaari &apos;s recommendation on the final status of kosovo , and perhaps it will also propose some solutions to the security council , to which the final decision will be taken .

indové s trvalým bydlištěm v indii dnes mohou mít účet v cizí měně a investovat do akcií zahraničních společností , zatímco indové s trvalým bydlištěm mimo indii mohou repatriovat dědická / pozůstalostní aktiva .
resident indians can now maintain a foreign-currency account and invest in shares of foreign companies , while non-resident indians can repatriate legacy / inheritance assets .
today , the permanent licence in india can have a bill in foreign currency and invest in foreign companies , while indent residents outside india can repatriate the heritage / erosion .
today , the permanent resident residents in india can have a bill in foreign companies and invest in foreign companies , while indent residents , outside india , can repatriate the heritage / curtail / retail and active .

některé problémy , jimž čelí pravice ve střední evropě , se podobají problémům , jež musí řesit pravice vsude jinde v evropě , kde sociálně demokratické strany vyvlastnily mnoho kdysi liberálních názorů , aby si získaly výhradní postavení uprostřed politického spektra .
some problems faced by central europe &apos;s right are similar to those the political right faces elsewhere in europe , where social democratic parties expropriated many formerly liberal ideas to seize a monopoly of the political center .
some of the problems facing the right in central europe are similar to the problems that the right of central europe has to address the right of droughts elsewhere in europe , where social democratic parties have built many when they were once the liberal opinions , in order to obtain the exclusive position in the middle of the political spectrum .
the problems faced by the right in central europe are similar to the problems that the right-wing people in europe , where socially democratic parties have owned many liberal views , so that they can gain the exclusive position in the middle of the political spectrum .

místo aby se vrhly na pobřeží <unk> 80 % všech američanů žije do 80 kilometrů od tichého nebo atlantského oceánu <unk> , wal-marty se šířily organicky jako vytrvale se rozrůstající zásobovací řetězec .
rather than jumping out to the coasts -- 80 % of all americans live within 80 kilometers of the pacific or atlantic oceans -- wal-marts have spread organically through an ever-expanding supply chain .
80 % of the americans are living in 80 kilometres from the pacific or atlantic ocean , bridging marriages , organising organisational chaired as a continuous increase in the supply chain .
80 % of all the americans live in 80 kilometres from the pacific or atlantic ocean , marty-marty-marty-marriage have been spreading as a continuous increase in the supply chain supply chain .

díky strategii , kterou papež pro katolickou církev zformuloval , a díky jeho schopnosti zmobilizovat pro tuto věc miliony věřících nemůže již nikdo zopakovat stalinovu otázku : , , kolik divizí má papež ? &quot;
the strategy formulated by the pope for the catholic church , and his ability to mobilize millions of believers in its cause , meant that no one could ever again repeat stalin &apos;s question : &quot; how many divisions does the pope have ? &quot;
thanks to the strategy that papel for the catholic church has formulated , and thanks to his ability to mobilise this matter for millions of age , no one can repeat the stalin question : how much is the pel ? &apos;
thanks to the strategy that papel for catholic church has formulated , and thanks to his ability to this millions of age , no one can repeat the question of stalin : how many of the pope has my pope ? &apos;

orbán svou podporou stoiberových požadavků snesl dar s nebes slovenskému nacionalistovi vladimíru mečiarovi , který by se rád znovu stal slovenským premiérem . díky orbánovi mohl mečiar tvrdit , že jeho domácí soupeři se chtějí vzdát tlaku eu a donutit slovensko , aby odškodnila maďary , které v roce 1945 beneš odsunul .
that orban seconded stoiber &apos;s demands came as something of a gift from god to the slovak nationalist vladimir meciar in his bid to become prime minister once more , as it allowed him to argue that his domestic opponents were preparing to surrender to eu pressure and force slovakia to compensate the hungarians expelled by benes in 1945 .
by supporting the rubbbr of the slovak nationalist homeland , which would once again be the prime minister of slovakia , was able to claim to horbán his bacteria by supporting the rubbbr &apos;s demands with the failure of the slovak nationalistor , which would once again be the prime minister of slovakia , who would like to refrain from calling on his homeland to stop the pressure from the eu and to put pressure on the eu , and to compensate , and to compensate , to compensate the hungry the hungarians of hungarians , which the hungarian prime minister , who will refrain return .
i would like to support the blanket &apos;s support for the stoibo demands , with the impenetrar of the slovak brothermal brother , who would like to once again become the slovak prime minister , the slovak prime minister , who would be able to renounce his hurt his home bears and to force his homeland to redress his homeland and to compensate the hungarians in 1945 , who would be able to compensate the hungarian prime minister for the hungarian prime minister .

vskutku , tempo výstrah ecb ohledně rizika inflace se v posledních měsících zrychlovalo <unk> počáteční <unk> jsme ostražití <unk> se v září změnilo na <unk> jsme obzvláště ostražití <unk> a to se v říjnu proměnilo v <unk> bdělá ostražitost vůči rizikům růstu cen ohrožujících cenovou stabilitu je oprávněná <unk> .
indeed , the pace of ecb warnings about the risks of inflation has quickened in recent months -- the earlier &quot; we are vigilant &quot; became &quot; we are particularly vigilant &quot; in september , which became &quot; strong vigilance with regard to upside risks to price stability is warranted &quot; in october .
indeed , the pace of the ecb &apos;s risk of inflation in recent months has increased the initial use in september , particularly vigilant , and in october , it is hard to narrow the speed of the enlargement rate , the pace of the ecb &apos;s hazard with regard to the risk of inflation in the last few months , with the acceleration of the starvation of the starvation of the starvation of the starvation , in particular , in particular , we have turned into a particular diminishing of the risks to the massive growth in the space of the space of the space with a particular interest in particular interest in the massive risk of the massive growth in the cages of the ccages .
in fact , the pace of the ecb &apos;s risk of inflation in recent months has accelerated the initial fatal increase in the price of mid-september , and in october , we have made a restraint on the risk of the ecb &apos;s growth rate on the risk of inflation in the last few months , we have accelerated the initial frozen , in particular , a restraint on the risk of price growth in october , and in particular , this was a threat to the threat of the threat to the growth of the price for the stability in the year .

paradoxní je , že zatímco příznivci umění ve spojených státech se již dlouho vyslovují pro přijetí <unk> evropského modelu <unk> <unk> díky němuž se evropané těší z bohatého a rozmanitého kulturního života <unk> , sama evropa je nucena změnit svůj systém podpory na takový , který bude více záviset na soukromých penězích a pokladnách .
ironically , while arts advocates in the united states have long argued for adoption of the &quot; european model &quot; -- which has produced a rich and varied artistic life for europeans -- europe is being forced to change its system of support to one that depends more on private money and the box office .
the paradox of this is that , while the finger is changing in the united states for a long time to adopt the european model of the rich and diverse cultural life , it will change its system of aid for a given to a given limited period of paradox , which is more paradoxical , while the finger in the united states is already being turned into the adoption of the european model for the european model of a rich model , which is enjoyed by the rich and varied from a diverse and varied cultural life , which will change the aid system for the european union itself , which will change the aid system for the union to a relatively large degree of aid that will be dependent .
the paradoxical paradigm is a paradigm when it comes to the adoption of a european model for the rich and multifaceted cultural life , the europe of europe , which is going to change its support , is paradoxical , while it is a paradigm that it is changing in the united states , the adoption of a european model for a european model for the european model for the richard of europe , which is already in favour of the rich cultural life , is to change europe &apos;s support for such a less-favourevoidance , which is more favourable to support for the european union .

