proces odklonu od stávající politiky už začal .
the exit process has begun .
the process of cloning has already begun since the current policy .
the process of cloning from the current policy has already begun .

za co západní model demokratického rozvoje skutečně stojí ?
what is the western model of democratic development really worth ?
what is the western model of democratic development really behind ?
what does the western model of democratic development really cost ?

jak toto podivné chování vysvětlit ?
what explains this odd behavior ?
how will this strange behaviour be explained ?
how do this strange behaviour explain ?

neexistuje ani jednoduché vysvětlení příčin chudoby .
nor is there a simple explanation of what causes poverty .
there is no easy explanation of the causes of poverty .
there is not even a simple explanation of the causes of poverty .

hádejte proč .
guess why .
defend why .
do not defend why .

dynamičtější ?
more dynamic ?
more dynamic ?
more dynamic ?

musíme se spíš naučit se s nimi umět vypořádat .
rather , we have to learn to cope with them .
we have to learn more to deal with them .
we need to learn more to deal with them .

nezávislé kosovo musí být zabezpečeno a jeho menšiny chráněny .
an independent kosovo must be secured and its minorities protected .
independent kosovo must be guaranteed and protected by its minorities .
independent kosovo must be guaranteed and protected by its minorities .

ale ani zde není jisté , zda tento plán bude fungovat .
nobody can be sure that it will work either .
however , there is no doubt about whether this plan will work .
however , there is not certain whether this plan will work .

současný tým vedoucích představitelů je obrovským zklamáním .
the current team of leaders has been an enormous disappointment .
the current team of leaders is a huge disappointment .
the current team of leaders is a huge disappointment .

a přesto není zbytek světa bezmocný .
even so , the rest of the world is not powerless .
yet the rest of the world is not powerless .
yet the rest of the world is not powerful .

jediné sucho dokáže na dlouhou dobu snížit růstový potenciál o 10 % .
a single drought can cut growth potential by 10 % over an extended period .
the only drought can reduce the growth potential of 10 % for a long time .
the only drought is able to reduce the growth potential of 10 % for a long time .

svět , v němž se všechno mění , potřebuje ochránce toho , co zůstává stejné .
a world where everything changes needs a guardian of what remains the same .
the world , in which everything is changing , needs the ombudsman what remains the same .
the world , in which everything is changing , needs what remains the same .

ekonomové rádi přemýšlejí o věcech ve vztahu k jejich ceně .
economists like to think of things in terms of prices .
economists are happy to think about matters in relation to their price .
economists wish to think about matters in relation to their price .

jsou obzvlášť komplikované , vnímáme-li kulturu jako tmel evropské budoucnosti .
they are particularly difficult if we see culture as the cement of europe &apos;s future .
they are particularly complicated if we see culture like the metmel of the european future .
they are particularly complicated , if we regard culture as a metre of the european future .

při tvorbě zahraniční politiky je proměnlivost skutečně často kladem .
indeed , in foreign policymaking , inconsistency is often a virtue .
indeed , the provisional profile of foreign policy is often reflected in foreign policy .
indeed , in the creation of foreign policy , it is very often the percentage of measurement .

odpor ecb a evropské komise vůči rychlému přijetí eura kandidátskými zeměmi postrádá pevné základy .
the opposition of the ecb and the commission to rapid euro adoption lacks strong foundations .
the opposition from the ecb and the european commission to the rapid adoption of the euro with candidate countries lacks solid foundations .
the opposition of the ecb and the european commission to the rapid adoption of the euro with candidate countries lacks firm foundations .

škody nadělal už samotný start , zatímco finiš je v nedohlednu .
damage is done from the word go while the end of the road remains obscured .
the damage has already been done by the start , while finnish is in a lack of clarity .
the damage has already done itself , while finnish is in no way .

varovných signálů o blížící se inflaci je napříč eurozónou víc než dost .
warning signs of impending inflation abound across the euro zone .
equal signals on closer inflation are more than enough across the euro area .
equal signals are more than enough across the euro area .

předně je třeba říci , že euro je slabé , protože evropa je slabá .
primarily , the euro is weak because europe is weak .
first of all , it should be said that the euro is weak , because europe is weak .
first of all , it must be said that the euro is weak , because europe is weak .

na druhou stranu skupina g7 skutečně významně přispěla nabídkou odpuštění dluhů .
on the other hand , the g-7 made a truly important contribution in offering debt relief .
on the other hand , the g7 group has actually made a significant contribution to offering debt .
on the other hand , the g7 group has really made a significant contribution to the supply of debts .

není potřeba zavděčit se celému spektru voličů , vždyť na vítězství stačí určitá část .
it is not necessary to please 100 % of the voters , only enough to win .
there is no need to be grateful to the whole spectrum of voters , yet some part is enough to victory .
there is no need to grasp the whole spectrum of voters , always some part of the victory .

jednou z mála dobrých myšlenek obsažených v lisabonské strategii bylo odstranění bariér obchodu v oblasti služeb .
one of the few good ideas contained in the lisbon strategy was to remove barriers to trade in services .
one of the good ideas contained in the lisbon strategy was the removal of barriers to trade in services .
one of the good ideas contained in the lisbon strategy was the elimination of barriers to trade in services .

v muslimském světě se objevují desítky textů o džihádistických strategických studiích .
scores of texts are appearing in the muslim world on jihadi strategic studies .
there are dozens of texts in the muslims in the muslim world about jewish strategic studies .
there are dozens of texts in the muslim world on dire strategic studies .

na blízkém východě zase všichni čekají , až mezi araby povstane nový anvar sadat .
in the middle east , everyone waits for a new anwar sadat to arise among the arabs .
once again , in the middle east , everyone is waiting for a new anthem to be rebel .
in the middle east , everyone is waiting for a new anthem to become a new anthem .

v takovém případě by zásadním krokem k uklidnění světa byl jejich rychlý odchod z úřadu .
in that case , a critical step towards healing the world would be their quick departure from office .
in such a case , a major step towards calming the world would be their rapid decoupling from the office .
in such a case , it would be a fundamental step towards the calendar of the world to be their rapid postponement of office .

· občané a vlády musí z bezpečnosti léčiv učinit prioritu a vyčlenit na řešení těchto problémů adekvátní zdroje ;
· citizens and government must make drug safety a priority and commit adequate resources to fixing the problems ;
the citizens and governments must make a priority from the safety of medicines and allocate adequate resources to address these problems ;
after all , citizens and governments must take a priority from the safety of medicines and allocate adequate resources to solving these problems ;

a naopak : budeme-li skoupí směrem k dnešním chudým , měli bychom být štědří k potomkům .
likewise , if we are stingy today toward the world &apos;s poor , we should be lavish toward our descendents .
on the contrary : if we move towards today &apos;s poor , we should be generous for offspring .
on the contrary : if we move towards today &apos;s poor , we should be generous to offenders .

ani osn nemá monopol na legitimitu . ta závisí především na odůvodnění jednání a způsobu , jímž se uskutečňuje .
not even the un has a monopoly on legitimacy , which depends most on an action &apos;s rationale and the manner in which it is undertaken .
neither the un nor the un has a monopoly on legitimacy , which depends primarily on the justification of the negotiations and the way in which it is implemented .
neither the un nor the un has a monopoly on legitimacy ; it depends , above all , on the recital and the way it takes place .

tyto otázky jsou přitom choulostivé , neboť závisejí na tom , co udělají budoucí vlády .
the issues are subtle , because they hinge on what future governments may do .
however , these issues are delicate , as they depend on what future governments are doing .
these issues are ridiculous , since they depend on what future governments are doing .

připadá mu , že tržní ekonomika i přes své praktické úspěchy často postrádá srdce a lidskou tvář .
the market economy , despite its practical achievements , seems to him oftentimes to lack a heart and a human face .
it seems to me that the market economy , despite its practical achievements , often lacks the heart and human face .
it seems to me that the market economy , despite its practical achievements , is often lacking in the heart and human face .

čím dál větší měrou si začneme uvědomovat , že adaptace na národní úrovni je zásadní záležitostí , která potřebuje odpovídající finanční zajištění .
increasingly , adaptation at the national level will be recognized as a major issue that will require appropriate funding .
the more and more we will start to realise that adaptation at national level is a fundamental issue that needs adequate financial security .
the more and more we will start to realise that adaptation at national level is a fundamental matter that needs adequate financial security .

ve společnostech , kde se oficiální míra nezaměstnanosti po celé generace drží na 10 % nebo ještě výš , selhal vládní hospodářský management .
societies in which the official unemployment rate stands at 10 % or more for generations are societies in which government economic management has failed .
in companies where the official unemployment rate has been kept up to 10 % or even to 10 % , government management has failed .
in companies where the official unemployment rate for the whole generation will be at 10 % or even , the government &apos;s government has failed .

nezávislé fiskální úřady nebo pravidla jako pakt stability stojí v cestě tomuto politickému zužitkování fiskální politiky , což vyjde draho .
independent fiscal authorities-or fiscal rules such as the stability pact-stand in the way of this political use of fiscal policy , which is costly .
independent fiscal authorities or rules such as the stability pact are in the way of this political implementation of fiscal policy , which is auctioning .
the independent fiscal authorities or the rules such as the stability pact are on the road to this political rationale of fiscal policy , which will be dramatically .

hrůzy naprosto zbytečné války jsou skoro až příliš děsivé , než aby se nad nimi člověk zamýšlel .
the horrors of a senseless war are almost too frightening to contemplate .
the horrors of completely unnecessary wars are almost too horrible than the one intends to look at them .
the horrors are completely unnecessary wars of war , almost too appalling than one intends to do it .

mezinárodní finanční liberalizace například podkopala využití přístupnějšího a cíleného rozvojového kreditu k podpoře žádoucích ekonomických aktivit .
international financial liberalization , for example , has undermined the use of more inclusive and targeted developmental credit to promote desired economic activities .
international financial liberalisation , for example , has undermined the use of more accessible and targeted development corrections to support any economic activities .
for example , international financial liberalisation has undermined the use of more accessible and targeted development reimbursement to support any economic activities .

z hlavních varšavských ulic zmizela komunistická policie , a přesto se ulice staly vzorem spořádanosti .
communist police disappeared from the main streets of warsaw , yet the streets became models of order .
from the main warsaw street street , the communist police disappeared , and yet the streets have become a model of consumption .
from the main warsaw street street , the communist police have disappeared , and yet the street has become a model of pooling .

občané těchto států se obecně těší službám zajišťujícím všechny potřeby související s vodou , od pití přes zavlažování až po kanalizaci .
generally , these countries &apos; citizens enjoy services that provide for all water needs , from drinking to irrigation to sanitation .
the citizens of these states are generally pleased with services ensuring all the needs associated with water , from drinking to cancellation to channel .
in general , the citizens of these states are pleased with services ensuring all the needs relating to water , from drinking by train to cancellation .

to mě přivádí k dalšímu klíčovému bodu : pro úspěch jakékoliv budoucí humanitární intervence je použitelná strategie odchodu stejně důležitá jako strategie vstupu .
this brings me to another key point : a workable exit strategy is just as important to the success of any future humanitarian intervention as the entry strategy .
this brings me to another key point : for the success of any future humanitarian intervention , it is also important as the strategy for entry into force .
this brings me to another key point : the success of any future humanitarian intervention is equally important as the entry strategy .

několik sérií odchodů do penze prezidentovi v nadcházejících měsících umožní , aby na významná místa dosadil další svoje lidi .
in the coming month , several rounds of retirements should allow the president to place more of his people in positions of power .
a few days of fingerprints to the president in the coming months will make it possible for other people to be able to take on important places .
a few series of trips to the president in the coming months will make it possible for further people to be placed on the ground .

zvyk evropské unie <unk> zazátkovat &quot; rozpočet by každopádně zabránil explozi finančních nákladů spojených se vstupem turecka .
in any case , the eu &apos;s practice of &quot; capping &quot; its budget would prevent an explosion in the financial costs entailed by turkey &apos;s accession .
in any case , the european union will discover the &apos; budget would prevent the explosion of the financial costs of turkey &apos;s accession .
in any case , the european union is going to take the back of the &apos; budget would prevent the explosion of the financial costs associated with turkey .

evropa a usa musejí prosazovat své cíle společně a zároveň zajistit , aby se tato spolupráce nikdy nevyvinula ve spojenectví <unk> západ proti všem &quot; .
europe and the us must pursue their aims in cooperation , while ensuring that such cooperation never becomes an alliance of the &quot; west against the rest . &quot;
europe and the us must promote their objectives together and , at the same time , ensure that this cooperation will never be guilty of the connections of the west against all &apos; .
europe and the us must promote their objectives together , while ensuring that this cooperation never happens in the allies of the west against all &apos; .

zvláště v případě zemí , které přijaly euro , bude vládní výdaje na umění nějakou dobu omezovat požadavek , aby fiskální deficity nepřekročily 3 % hdp .
particularly for those countries that have adopted the euro , government spending on the arts will be constrained for some time by the requirement that fiscal deficits be kept to 3 % of gdp .
in particular , in the case of countries that have adopted the euro , government expenditure will be reduced for some time to demand that fiscal deficits do not exceed 3 % of gdp .
in particular , in the case of countries that have been adopted by the euro , government expenditure will be limited to some time to limit the requirement for fiscal deficits to exceed 3 % of gdp .

od pádu komunismu trpí středopravicové strany v česku , maďarsku , polsku a slovensku rozpolceností a chybějící vizí .
since communism &apos;s fall , center right parties in the czech republic , hungary , poland , and slovakia have suffered from disunity and a lack of vision .
from the fall of communism , the centre-right parties in chechnya , hungary , poland and slovakia are suffering from the collapse of communism and the lack of vision .
since the fall of communism , the centre-right parties in chechnya , hungary , poland and slovakia are suffering from the price and lack of vision .

katastrofa byla mezinárodní , a proto bylo na místě , že se vůdčí role při koordinaci odstraňování následků pohromy ujala organizace spojených národů .
the disaster was international , so it was appropriate that the united nations take the lead in coordinating the relief effort .
the disaster was an international disaster , and it was therefore right that the leading role in coordinating the prevention of the consequences of the disaster took place by the united nations .
the disaster was an international disaster , and it was therefore right that the leading role in coordinating the consequences of the united nations was taken by the united nations .

a za druhé se lze obávat toho , že s rozšířením eu a nato tyto nepříjemné debaty nakazí vztahy v rámci těchto mezinárodních institucí .
the second worry is that , as nato and the eu expand , these ugly debates will infect relations within these international bodies .
secondly , it can be feared that , with the enlargement of the eu and nato , these unpleasant debates show relations within these international institutions .
secondly , it can be worried that with the enlargement of the eu and nato , these unpleasant debates show relations within these international institutions .

můj úřad je otevřen nejen ruským občanům , ale i cizincům a lidem bez státní příslušnosti , kteří mají pocit , že jsou ohroženi na svých politických právech .
my office is open not only to russian citizens , but to foreigners and stateless people who feel their political rights have been compromised .
my office is open not only to russian citizens , but also to foreigners and people without nationality who feel they are at risk of their political rights .
my office is open not only to russian citizens , but also to foreign citizens and people without nationality , who feel that they are at risk of their political rights .

vzhledem k tomu , že indie stále ještě operuje s deficitem obchodní bilance , mohl by po každém negativním otřesu vznikat tlak na rupii .
because india is still running a trade deficit , there could be some pressure on the rupee following any negative shock .
given that india still operates with a debalance of trade balance , it could , after every negative appendix , put pressure on russia .
given that india is still opposing the trade deficit deficit deficit , it could , after any negative shock , put pressure on russians .

video zajímavě předvádí , jak se prodejny šířily jako okvětní lístky , zahušťovaly se a rozpínaly .
interestingly , the video shows how the stores spread out like petals of a flower , ever thickening and expanding .
video video proves an interesting example of how the sale has spread as may pupils , killed and denounced .
video video is taking an interesting look at the sale of the sale as a livelihoods , shocked and disrupted .

s prezidentem mu-hjonem bude muset přijít téměř generální přestavba jihokorejské domácí politiky a vztahů jak s usa , tak severní koreou .
under president roh , south korea &apos;s domestic politics and relations with the us and north korea will require an almost total overhaul .
with president mu-han , he will have to come up with almost general translation of south korea &apos;s domestic policy and relations with the us and north korea .
with president mu-hjon , it will have to come up with almost a general translation of south korean domestic policy and relations with both the us and north korea .

byl zahájen , aby vytvořil <unk> solidarités de fait &quot; ( skutečnou solidaritu ) , podpořil politickou stabilitu a upevnil demokracii a evropský sociální model .
it was initiated to create &quot; solidarités de fait , &quot; promote political stability , and consolidate democracy and europe &apos;s social model .
it has only been launched to create a &apos; real solidarity &apos; , to promote political stability and to consolidate democracy and the european social model .
it was launched to establish solidarity with the de facto &apos; solidarity &apos; ( real solidarity ) , to support political stability and to consolidate democracy and the european social model .

je to smutný závěr předsednictví , které před šesti měsíci začalo blairovým tvrzením , že je <unk> vášnivým proevropanem <unk> .
it is a sad conclusion to a presidency , launched six-months ago , with blair &apos;s claim that he was a &quot; passionate pro-european &quot; .
it is a sad conclusion to the presidency , which began a good iron claim six months ago that it is a holistic pro-europeans .
it is a sad conclusion of the presidency , which started a well-balanced claim six months ago , that it is a hesitant pro-european .

neboť nechávat národy a společenství žít s pocitem opomíjených lidí bez vlastního hlasu je nejen morálním zlem , ale jde o recept na frustraci , vztek a terorismus .
for it is not only morally wrong to leave nations and communities feeling marginalized and without voice ; it is a recipe for frustration , rage , and terrorism .
as they leave nations and communities to live with a sense of omitted people without their own voice is not only a moral hazard , but it is a recipe for frustration , patterns and terrorism .
since leaving the peoples and the community to live with a feeling of neglected people without their own voice , it is not just moral , but it is a recipe for frustration , education and terrorism .

rusko samozřejmě nabízí daleko více <unk> titulkových &quot; příkladů problémů v oblasti politických a lidských práv , jako jsou mrzká válka v čečensku nebo aféra jukos .
of course , russia provides far more headline-grabbling examples of political and human rights problems , such as the low-grade war in chechnya or the yukos affair .
russia , of course , offers far more headlines &apos; examples of problems in the area of political and human rights , such as the dead war in chechnya or the affair of jukos .
russia , of course , offers much more of the headquarters of the &apos; examples of political and human rights problems , such as the dead war in chechnya or the affair of takos .

k naprostému zmatku pak přispívá existence relativně silných nacionalistických a populistických stran , jejichž voličskou základnou jsou početní polstí zemědělci .
the confusion has been made complete by the existence of relatively strong nationalist and populist parties that use the numerous polish farmers as their electoral base .
then the existence of relatively strong nationalist and populist parties whose voters are the constituent base are the polish farmers .
then the existence of relatively strong nationalist and populist parties whose electorate are numerous polish farmers .

svobody fiskálních manévrů se zřejmě vzdaly na dobu potřebnou k zavedení eura , ale v normálních časech si svůj fiskální rajón budou nárokovat zpět .
they may have suspended their freedom of fiscal maneuver long enough to launch the euro , but in normal times , national governments will reclaim their fiscal turf .
apparently , the freedom of fiscal manoeuvre seems to be given the necessary time for the introduction of the euro , but in normal times , their fiscal location will be called back .
the freedom of fiscal manoeuvre seems to be given up for the time needed to introduce the euro , but in normal times , their fiscal rationale will be demanding back .

když se objevilo nové dítě doprovázené svou oddaně milující matkou , dokázali jsme si pouhým pohledem sdělit , že přicházející dítě bude elé belé .
when a new kid arrived , accompanied by a doting mother , we could convey to one another with a mere glance that the kid would be an elé belé .
when a new child has appeared accompanied by his departure tax , we have only been able to tell ourselves that a child adding to the child will be beaten .
when a new child has emerged with its decoupling tax , we have only been able to say that the child will be elled .

pokud jde o příjem na obyvatele , bylo německo v poslední době předstiženo hned několika členskými zeměmi eu včetně irska , velké británie , nizozemska a francie a stále roste pomaleji než všechny tyto země .
germany has recently been overtaken in terms of per capita income by several eu countries , including ireland , the uk , the netherlands , and france , and is still growing more slowly than all of them .
with regard to the income of the population , germany has recently been transferred immediately to several eu countries , including ireland , britain , the netherlands and france , and it is still growing slowly than all these countries .
with regard to the income for the population , germany has recently been transferred to several eu member states , including ireland , large britain , the netherlands and france , and it is still increasing than all these countries .

stojí-li však naše civilizace za to , abychom ji bránili , proč mají fundamentalisté , ať toho či onoho vyznání , na své straně ty nejodhodlanější bojovníky ?
but if our civilization is worth defending , why is it that fundamentalists , of whatever stripe , have the most committed fighters on their side ?
however , if our civilisation is behind us to defend it , why are fundamentalist , whether they or not know , on their side , the most determined fighters ?
however , if our civilisation is behind us to defend it , why do they have fundamentalists , whether or that of religion , on their side of the strongest boyers ?

v nejvyspělejších zemích světa ovšem bdělost nad fundamentálními demokratickými hodnotami coby tmelem společnosti již dávno nahradil příslib materiální prosperity , již svoboda umožnila .
but in the world &apos;s most advanced countries , the promise of material prosperity that freedom made possible has long since replaced attention to and defense of fundamental democratic values as the cement of society .
however , in the most advanced countries of the world , the default of the beautiful democratic values as the metone of the company has long been replaced by strict material prosperity , which has already enabled freedom .
however , in the most developed countries of the world , of course , the horrific democratic values as the meltdown of society has long been replaced by the promise of material prosperity , the freedom has already enabled .

v záležitostech obrany a bezpečnosti nabízí bezpečnostní doktrína eu obrovskou příležitost stavět na našich společných obavách z terorismu a proliferace , ale také na potřebě zajistit udržitelný rozvoj ve všech koutech světa .
on defense and security matters , the eu &apos;s security doctrine provides a great opportunity to build on our common worries : terrorism and non-proliferation , but also the need to ensure sustainable development in all quarters of the world .
in matters of defence and security , the eu &apos;s security doctrine offers an enormous opportunity to build on our common values of terrorism and terrorism , but also on the need to ensure sustainable development in all smoking in the world .
in defence matters and security , the eu offers security doctrine an enormous opportunity to build on our common concerns on terrorism and human beings , but also on the need to ensure sustainable development in all smokers of the world .

první zde existuje už po celá staletí : sociální rozpory , jejichž kořeny sahají až k porobě domorodých američanů evropany v šestnáctém století .
the first has been around for centuries : the social divisions that trace their origins back to the european conquest over native americans in the sixteenth century .
there is already the first one here for centuries : the social contradictions whose roots are rooted to robbing the indigenous americans in the sixth century .
there is now the first one for centuries : social contradictions , whose roots are hidden to the indigenous americans of europeans in the sixth century .

problém identity dále zhorsuje skutečnost , že větsina středoevropských národů , kde komunismus brzdil budování národní jednoty , dnes snadno propadá nacionalistickým sentimentům , jež pak někteří politikové rádi využívají .
the problem of identity is made even worse by the fact that most central european nations , where nation-building was retarded by communism , easily succumb to nationalist sentiments that in turn are misused by some politicians .
the problem of identity is exacerbated by the fact that the larger sinai of the central european nations , where communism has hampered the building of national unity , today it is easily a nationalist entity that some politicians are happy to use .
the problem of identity is also exacerbated by the fact that the sentence of the central european nations , where communism has brinted the construction of national unity , is easily proving nationalists that some politicians would like to use .

francouzi odmítli ústavu evropské unie , a to v prvé řadě <unk> jak se alespoň zdá <unk> z obavy , že další evropská integrace s sebou nutně přinese rozvratné síly neoliberalismu , za něž se draze platí .
the french rejected the european union constitution , primarily -- or so it appears -- because further european integration , it is feared , must bring in its wake the huge costs and disruptions of neo-liberalism .
the french rejected the constitution of the european union , first and foremost , as was at least a matter of concern that further european integration will necessarily result in the replacement force of non-liberalism for which it is dramatically paid .
the french rejected the constitution of the european union , and first of all , this includes , at least , the concern that further european integration will necessarily bring back forces of neoliberalism , for which they pay dramatically .

mezi francouzskými a britskými představiteli se přitom rozhořel vzrušený spor , který rozvrátil následný summit , než se británie v červenci ujala šestiměsíčního rotujícího předsednictví eu .
french and british leaders engaged in a heated quarrel that derailed the subsequent summit , before britain assumed the rotating six-month eu presidency in july .
at the same time , the outrageous dispute that has been returned to the subsequent summit between the french and british representatives has taken over the six-month rotating presidency of the eu .
meanwhile , between the french and british representatives , the exciting dispute , which returned the subsequent summit before britain took the six-month eu presidency in july .

člověk si tak může klást otázku , zda svět neučinil ze šarona prozřetelného muže , protože chtěl tak silně věřit , že se na blízkém východě stále <unk> za rohem ukrývá naděje <unk> .
in fact , one may wonder if the world has made of sharon a providential man because it wanted so much to believe that there was still &quot; hope around the corner &quot; in the middle east .
a man can ask the question of whether the world has not taken the arrogance of a clear man , because he wanted to believe so strongly that the middle east still lays down hopes for the term of success .
one can ask ourselves whether the world did not take the arrogance of a clear man , because it wanted to believe so strongly that , in the middle east , there is still a high level of hope for the roadmap .

zatímco američané spoléhají při financování živé klasické hudby na soukromé příspěvky odpočitatelné od daňového základu a tržby ze vstupného , evropané dávají přednost přímé vládní podpoře umění .
whereas americans depend upon tax-deductible private donations and box office receipts to finance live classical music , europeans prefer direct government support for the arts .
while the americans are relying on funding lively classic husbandry for private contributions from the tax base and market , europeans prefer direct government support .
while the americans rely on the funding of living classified classified private contributions from the tax base and market market , europeans prefer direct government support .

i přesto , že se region vzpamatovává z dlouhých desítek let komunistického lajdáctví , pomohla roztřístěnost politické pravice levici , zastoupené v některých případech bývalými komunisty , regulérně vyhrát v demokratických volbách .
despite the fact the region is still recovering from decades of communist mismanagement , the political right &apos;s fragmentation helped the political left , in some cases represented by former communists , to win democratic elections regularly .
despite the fact that the region has been remembered from long decades of communist layoune , it has helped the fragmentation of the political right of the left , represented in some cases by former communist communities , regulators to win in democratic elections .
despite the fact that the region is remembered from the long years of communist lama , it has helped the fragmentation of the political right of the left , represented in some cases by the former communities , to play a fair role in democratic elections .

více než 20 % všech firem v tak rozmanitých zemích , jako jsou alžírsko , bangladéš , brazílie , čína , estonsko a zambie , pokládají nedostatečnou kvalifikaci a vzdělání zaměstnanců za významnou či těžkou překážku .
more than 20 % of all firms , in countries as diverse as algeria , bangladesh , brazil , china , estonia , and zambia , rate inadequate skills and education of workers as a major or a severe obstacle .
more than 20 % of all firms in such diverse countries , such as algeria , bangladesh , brazil , china , estonia and zambia , have a lack of qualifications and education for workers as an important or difficult obstacle .
more than 20 % of all companies in such diverse countries , such as algeria , bangladesh , brazil , estonia , estonia and zambia , provide insufficient qualifications and education for an important or difficult obstacle .

všechny evropské státy zřejmě zpočátku věřily , že noví neevropští příchozí by se mohli asimilovat stejným způsobem , jako se v devatenáctém století asimilovali polští přistěhovalci v německém porúří .
all european countries probably believed at the outset that non-european newcomers could be assimilated in the same way that polish immigrants were assimilated into germany &apos;s ruhr region in the nineteenth century .
apparently , all european states have believed at the beginning that the new european shirts could be assisted in the same way as in the 19th century , polish immigrants in the german pork were beaten .
perhaps all european states have believed at the beginning that the new european story could be mixed in the same way as the polish immigrants in german slaughter in german slaughter .

usmířit všechny tyto cíle - to je těžká práce i pro toho nejzkušenějšího a nejcyničtějšího politika , a tak je ve hvězdách , jestli se to podaří prezidentu mu-hjonovi .
reconciling those goals would test even the most experienced and cynical of politicians , so it is anyone &apos;s guess as to whether president roh can succeed .
all of these objectives - this is a difficult job for the most experience and most cynical policy , and so it is in the knowledge of whether this can be done by president mu-honjon .
this is a difficult job for all these objectives - it is also difficult for the most experience and the most cynical policy , so it is in the game of whether president mum-honjonda will succeed .

porážka komunismu zanechala v duších těchto společností obrovskou černou díru , jež je nyní vyplňována nacionalismem , náboženským fanatismem a konzumním způsobem života po vzoru západu .
communism &apos;s defeat left a huge black hole in communities &apos; souls , which is now being filled with nationalism , bigotry , and western consumerism .
the slaughter of communism has left a huge black hole in the spirit of these companies , which is now being filled by nationalism , religious fanaticism and silence in a way of life after the western model .
the slaughter of communism has left a huge black blackmail in the spirit of these companies , which is now being carried out by nationalism , religious fanaticism and consumption in a way of life after the west .

i když se george w . bush za smrt dívek dvakrát omluvil , nepřestávají sílit požadavky , aby došlo k úpravě dohody o statutu síly ( sofa , status of force agreement ) , jíž se řídí právní přístup k americkým jednotkám rozmístěným v jižní koreji .
although president george w. bush apologized twice for the deaths of the girls , demands continue to escalate for changing the status of force agreement ( sofa ) that governs the legal treatment of american troops stationed in south korea .
although george bush apologise for the death of girl twice , they do not want to increase the requirements to amend the agreement on the status of force ( sofa , the status of the court of justice ) , which is governed by legal access to american troops in south korea .
even though george blanw was awaiting twice for the death of girls twice , they do not wish to increase the requirements for the agreement on the statute for power ( softis , the status of the east of georgia ) , which is governed by the legal approach to american unity in south korea .

právě teď máme šanci pohlédnout vpřed a získat globální obec <unk> bez výjimek , byť s odstupňovanou odpovědností <unk> pro směřování k bezpečnějšímu světu , který se vyhne děsivým rizikům degradace životního prostředí a sociálního střetu , jež v sobě ukrývá nečinnost .
now is the chance to look forward and enlist the global community -- with no exclusions , although with differentiated responsibilities -- in the pursuit of a more secure world , one that avoids the dire risks of environmental degradation and social conflict implied by inaction .
now we have the chance to look forward and obtain a global space without exception , even though a remarkable responsibility for the direction of a more safe world , which will avoid the dreadful risk of environmental degradation and the social conflict that does not hide activity in itself .
we now have a chance to look forward and obtain a global activist without exceptions , even with a remarkable responsibility for a more safe world , which will avoid the horrific risks of environmental degradation and social clashes that are hitherto cover inaction .

budoucí jednání se budou muset zabývat otázkou konečné hranice mezi izraelem a palestinou , osudem dvou set tisíc židovských osadníků na západním břehu jordánu , statusem jeruzaléma a problémem palestinských uprchlíků z let 1947-48 .
future negotiations will have to deal with the ultimate borders between israel and palestine , the fate of 200,000 jewish settlers in the west bank , the status of jerusalem , and with the problem of the 1947-48 palestinian refugees .
the issue of the final border between israel and palestine will have to be dealt with by two hundred thousand jews in the west bank , jerusalem , the status of jerusalem and the problem of palestinian refugees from 1947-48 .
the future negotiations will have to deal with the issue of the final border between israel and palestine , the fate of two hundred thousand jews in the west bank , jordan , jerusalem and the problem of palestinian refugees from 1947-48 .

ale všechny snahy o omezení fiskální volnosti americké federální vlády , například na způsob paktu stability či nechvalně proslulých pravidel vyrovnanosti rozpočtu clintonovy éry , vždy nakonec zkrachují pod náporem tlaku ze strany prezidenta i kongresu .
but any attempt to limit the fiscal discretion of america &apos;s federal government in the manner of the stability pact-for example , the infamous gramm / rudman rules of the clinton era-always collapse in the end in the face of presidential and congressional pressure .
however , all efforts to reduce the fiscal voices of the us federal government , for example , on the way in which the stability pact or let the rules on the balance of clinton &apos;s budget , always fail to threaten under pressure from president and congress .
however , all efforts to limit the fiscal choice of the us federal government , for example , the way in which the stability pact , or the valley rules of the clinton budget , are not always fought under the concept of pressure by president congress , for example , on the way in which the stability pact can be dealt with .

po počátečním zpochybňování existence vědeckých důkazů svědčících o problému teď největší znečišťovatel na světě , spojené státy , jednoduše odmítá cokoliv proti němu dělat ( kromě hlásání dobrovolného omezování <unk> které ovšem není příliš vidět , tedy přinejmenším v americe ne ) .
after first disputing that there was scientific evidence of the problem , the largest polluter in the world , the us , is now simply refusing to do anything about it ( other than preaching voluntary restraint <<unk>> of which there is little evidence , at least in america ) .
now the world &apos;s largest polluter , the united states , simply refuses to do anything against anything ( in addition to the announcement of voluntary restrictions , which , at least , is not seen in america , to see the existence of scientific evidence about the problem of the world &apos;s largest polluter , the united states , is simply refusing to do anything against it .
the most polluter in the world , the united states simply refuses to do anything ( apart from the announcement of voluntary restrictions on the existence of scientific evidence , namely the existence of scientific evidence , the greatest polluter of the world , the united states , which is simply refusing to do anything ( in addition to the announcement of voluntary restrictions , which , of course , is not very much to see , at least in america ) .

přesto<unk> <unk> e je zřejmě předčasnã <unk> hovořit v tuto chvã <unk> li s některã <unk> mi německã <unk> mi pozorovateli o â <unk> <unk> soumraku kanclã <unk> řovy kariã <unk> ry &quot; či jeho překvapujã <unk> cã <unk> krok označovat za â <unk> <unk> začã ¡ tek konce &quot; jeho pobytu v ãºřadu , je naprosto oprã ¡ vněnã <unk> jej označit za dramatickou ztrã ¡ tu moci .
while it seems to be premature to speak , as some in germany now do , of a &quot; twilight of the chancellor &quot; or to call schröder &apos;s surprising step &quot; the beginning of the end &quot; of his tenure , it is perfectly correct to describe it as a dramatic loss of power .
it is probably premature to talk to the prematurely of this surface , with a sense of clarity with the sense of clarity of the rapporteur &apos;s far-reaching clarity on the length of the clone czechs of the czechs of the czechs &apos; , or his surprise to give an overwhelming step to describe a long step for the end of the long term of residence &apos; , a lot of the liczechment of the shadow - and a lack of confidence in the czechs - and a great deal is to describe given to the cure of the czecht of the czechs - and the czechs of the czechs of the czechs of the czechs of the czechs of the cobese .
it seems to be premature to speak in the influenza of this influenza , with the validity of the influenza of the influenza of the influenza of the european parliament &apos;s watch of the embassy of the embassy of the embassies of the embassies of the embassies of the embassies of the caribbean &apos;s south-east of the caribbean &apos;s caribbean , or to despect a bbean &apos;t offendment to the offshore , it is a great deal of a great deal of the great deal of power to call for a large part of power of power .

němečtã <unk> kanclã <unk> ři tedy obvykle předsedajã <unk> koaličnã <unk> m vlã ¡ dã ¡ m a jejich faktickã ¡ autorita se zaklã ¡ dã ¡ na loajalitě stranickã <unk> ch sil , je<unk> <unk> majã <unk> v těchto politickã <unk> ch aliancã <unk> ch na povel .
as a consequence , german chancellors usually preside over coalition governments , and their effective authority is based on the loyalty of the party forces they command within such political alliances .
in fact , the sensitivity of the rapporteur , in the long term , of the sensitivity of the spectre of the spectre of the spectre of the cloud , that is , to say , the spectre of the spectre of the broad-despicippppp-kov , a spectre of a spectre of a spectre of a spectre of a spectre , the sense of the sense of the sense of a spectre of far-reaching , in the shadow of the shadow of the shadow of the shadow of the shadow of political herom , the czech political herolls of the coulls and their licopters .
thus , the governor of the european parliament &apos;s sentiment of the massacres of the goverclor , therefore , the specast b of the mandate of the mandate of the entrust of the coast of the embassim , of the coalim , for the coalim , the amim of the coalition of the coalim of the coalition of the coalition of the coalition of the coalition of the coalition of the coalim , and their factories of the vicites of the vicides of the ast , and their factories with the fact , the ast , the ailorosiesick guard &apos;i &apos;i &apos;i &apos;i &apos;s ailordilord &apos;i &apos;s ailord &apos;ailord &apos;ailois , and of the ah , of the

koho si vyberete : experta , který vyvažuje protichůdné argumenty a nakonec dospěje k závěru , že nejpravděpodobnějším výsledkem je pokračování dosavadního stavu , anebo experta , jenž přiková diváky na židle výroky o radikálních islamistech , kteří uchvátí moc a způsobí prudké zvýšení cen ropy ?
whom would you pick : an expert who balances conflicting arguments and concludes that the likeliest outcome is more of the same , or an expert who gets viewers on the edge of their seats over radical islamists seizing control and causing oil prices to soar ?
what are you going to see : who is contradictory arguments and , in the end , is the most likely result of the state of the condition , or the passage of the radio , who interprets the radio radio , who interprets the anti-predecessor arguments , and , in the end , the conclusion that the most likely result is that the continuation of the state of the condition , or so far , the continuation of the radio , or the radio passages , which the radio of radio radio radio radiation , who are on radio radio radiation , the radio radiation and radio radio , who will cease ?
do you take an expert : who does you consider the contradictory arguments and the conclusion that the most likely result of the state of experts , which will be the most likely result of the radio massacres , which is the most likely result of the radio of the radio mates , which will be the most likely result of the debate on the radio mates or the continuation of experts who , on radio islamity , who will disappear to be the most likely to increase the magic mates ?

ačkoliv sociã ¡ lnã <unk> demokratã <unk> nikdy schrã <unk> dera neměli skutečně v lã ¡ sce ( tedy rozhodně jej nemilujã <unk> tak , jak milovali nezapomenutelnã <unk> ho willyho brandta ) , volky nevolky jej nã ¡ sledovali , neboť ho vnã <unk> mali jako jedinou zã ¡ ruku volebnã <unk> ho ãºspěchu po frustrujã <unk> cã <unk> ch <unk> ¡ estnã ¡ cti letech ( 1982-1998 ) v opozici vůči helmutu kohlovi .
although the social democrats never really liked schröder ( they certainly do not love him in the way they did the unforgettable willy brandt ) , they willy-nilly followed him so long as they saw him as the only guarantor of electoral success after 16 frustrating years ( 1982-1998 ) in opposition to helmut kohl .
despite the fact that the socialist mysterious sense of lousm has never had a sense of sense of conceived sense and , in fact , in the sense of the fact that the cloud was not really a success in the clone ( that was certainly not a czechs of a czechs , as they did not forget the czechs , and the radio &apos;étz , as the only winner of the only window of the czechs of a given the only window of a shadow for the czechs of the czechs in the czechs of the czeczechs , as the only winner of the czechs of the czechs of the czechs of the czechs of the green light in the czechs of the czechs , and dow , and windon behalf
despite the fact that mr ltmannth &apos;s manoeuvre has never been a member of the sentiment of the schrderssa &apos;s act of a truly embashemy in the clone ( that was certainly not a micsb of milros ( i certainly did not welcome it , as they did not forget the reactionary willness of the willly assassination ) , the call for the volcanic ash , because he was hosted in the only part of the election , as a single party , was a subscrippling of a in the 1998 .

