válka by ovšem měla alespoň nějaký smysl .
still , the war would then at least make some sense .
however , the war should at least make sense .
however , the war should at least make some sense .

tady nejde o stranickou záležitost .
this is not a partisan issue .
this is not a party issue here .
this is not a party issue here .

tato taktika může fungovat .
that tactic may be working .
this tactics can work .
this tactics can work .

v západní evropě ovšem nikoliv .
in western europe , it did not .
however , in western europe , it is not .
however , not in western europe .

rozhodně ne .
absolutely not .
it will definitely not .
certainly not .

protože se nad touto otázkou ani na okamžik nezamyslel .
because he has not thought about the question for one moment .
because it did not think about this issue or the moment .
because it did not think about this issue or at the moment .

pro politiky je ovšem snadné být ve věci měnové politiky nezodpovědný .
but it &apos;s easy for politicians to be irresponsible about monetary policy .
however , it is easy to be irresponsible for monetary policy .
however , it is easy for politics to be irresponsible for monetary policy .

argumenty pro zastupitelskou formu vládnutí tak zůstávají silné .
so the case for representative government remains strong .
the arguments for the representative form of government remain so strong .
the arguments for a representative form of governance remain so strong .

rozvojové země již mohutně investovaly do dětí .
developing countries have already invested heavily in children .
developing countries have already invested heavily in children .
developing countries have already invested heavily in children .

světová obchodní organizace je vzorovým příkladem .
the world trade organization is a case in point .
the world trade organisation ( wto ) is a notable example .
the world trade organisation is a model example .

evropané si ale musí přiznat , že tito jedinci představují nepočetnou menšinu .
but europeans must admit that these individuals represent a small minority .
however , europeans must admit that these individuals represent an unpopular minority .
however , europeans must admit that these individuals represent an unknown minority .

zároveň jsou však často zveličovány a rozhodně nejsou nepřekonatelné .
however , they are often exaggerated and certainly not insurmountable .
at the same time , however , they are often magistrated , and they are definitely not insurmountable .
at the same time , however , they are often overwhelming and are certainly not insurmountable .

volání po větším počtu referend tento trend odráží a zároveň přiživuje .
the call for more referenda both reflects and fuels this trend .
the call for a greater number of referendums reflects this trend , while at the same time adding to it .
the call for a greater number of referendums reflects this trend and , at the same time , is liable .

a tento rok se výše zmíněná diskrepance dále zvětší .
this year the discrepancy will likely be larger .
this year , and this year the aforementioned discrepanels will continue to be greater .
this year , and this year , the aforementioned discrepancies have gone further .

čtvrté tvrzení bude na obou stranách předmětem divoké propagandy .
the fourth claim will be subject to wild propaganda on both sides .
the fourth statement will be the subject of wilderness propaganda on both sides .
the fourth claim will be the subject of wilderness propaganda on both sides .

politické napětí mezi usa na jedné straně a evropou a ruskem na straně druhé tedy lze uklidnit .
so political turmoil with russia and europe might be calmed .
political tension between the us on the one hand and europe and russia , on the other , can be reassured .
political tension between the us on the one hand and europe and russia , on the other , can be reassured .

( bushova akademická erudovanost přitom pochopitelně nikdy nebyla příliš působivá . )
( of course , bush &apos;s academic credentials were never very impressive . )
of course , the bush academia was never too impressive .
( bush academics has , of course , never been too impressive ) .

proto počínání bushovy administrativy fakticky posiluje dynamiku virtuálního teroristického podniku .
that is why the bush administration &apos;s actions actually strengthen the virtual terrorist enterprise dynamic .
this is why , in fact , the creation of the bush administration strengthens the dynamic of a virtual terrorist enterprise .
therefore , starting the bush administration &apos;s administration effectively strengthens the dynamism of the virtual terrorist enterprise .

ať už byly důvody ameriky jakékoliv , později se rozumně rozhodla připojit se k úsilí osn .
whatever america &apos;s motive , it later wisely decided to join the un effort .
whatever the reasons for america were , then , they decided to join the united nations in a reasonable manner .
whether the reasons for america have been any longer , it has decided to join the un &apos;s efforts in a reasonable manner .

v centru této diskuse stojí takzvaná doktrína <unk> zodpovědnosti chránit <unk> .
at the center of this debate is the so-called doctrine of the &quot; responsibility to protect . &quot;
at the centre of this debate , the so-called doctrine is aimed at protecting the discharge of responsibility .
in the centre of this debate , the so-called doctrine is a substitute for the responsibility to protect them .

ba co hůř , mohla by nálada na trhu nemovitostí brzy vést k poklesu cen ?
worse still , could the mood in housing markets soon lead prices in downward ?
what is worse , could the sunday in the property market soon lead to a fall in prices ?
what is worse , could it lead to a fall in the price market soon ?

žel bohu , globální oteplování zřejmě zničí právě některé ze zemí , jež zpustošilo cunami .
sadly , global warming will likely destroy some of the same countries ravaged by the tsunami .
he was fighting , global warming seems to destroy precisely some of the countries that have stored a cup .
he was bold , global warming seems to destroy precisely some of the countries that raped the cup .

po pěti letech vojenského snažení však strategie cílené na jednotného agresora pouze zhoršily situaci .
yet after five years of military exertions , strategies based on targeting a united aggressor have only made the situation worse .
after five years of military efforts , however , the strategy targeted at a single aggression and only exacerbated the situation .
however , after five years of military efforts , the strategy targeted at a single aggression has only exacerbated the situation .

trvalý odpor veřejnosti vůči postupnému růstu inflace přitom není nikterak samozřejmý .
continued public opposition to a gradual increase in inflation is not guaranteed .
the permanent resistance of the public to the gradual growth of inflation is not obvious at all .
meanwhile , the permanent resistance of the public to the gradual growth of inflation is not obvious .

slabá fiskální pozice zase podkopává důvěru investorů , což má zřetelné dopady na hospodářský růst .
the weak fiscal position has in turn undermined investors &apos; confidence , with obvious implications for economic growth .
in turn , the weak fiscal position undermines the confidence of investors , which has clear repercussions on economic growth .
in turn , the weak fiscal position undermines the confidence of investors , which has a clear impact on economic growth .

ekonomové tyto cyklické fiskální vzpruhy označují jako , , automatické stabilizátory<unk> <unk> .
economists call these cyclical fiscal boosts <<unk>> <<unk>> automatic stabilizers . &apos; &apos;
the economist of these cyclical fiscal patterns describes as , automatic stabilisers of the jpa .
the economist of these cyclical fiscal models describe as , automatic stabilisers .

ubohé výsledky německé ekonomiky nejsou žádným imaginárním přeludem , ale jasně doložitelnou skutečností .
germany &apos;s poor economic performance is not imaginary but a matter of record .
the painful results of the german economy are no subordinate translation , but clearly a delicate reality .
the painful results of the german economy are not any kind of reluctance , but clearly a lively reality .

orbán přitom ale není jediný , kdo ve vyvolávání vzpomínek dávných duchů vidí volební výhodu .
but orban is not alone in seeing electoral advantage in summoning the memories of old ghosts .
however , orbán is not the only one who seemed to see the election advantage in the memory of the phrases .
however , the orbán is not the only one who , in the provocation of the memories , sees the electoral advantage .

jedním z problémů je to , že postihy za zanedbání bezpečnosti léčiv buď neexistují , nebo jsou minimální .
one problem is that the consequences for neglecting drug safety are non-existing or minimal .
one of the problems is that sanctions for neglecting the safety of medicines either do not exist or are minimum .
one of the problems is that the penalties for neglecting the safety of medicines either do not exist or are minimum .

více než polovina schválených léčiv vyvolává vážné negativní reakce , o nichž se během regulačního schvalování neví .
more than half of all approved drugs produce a serious adverse reaction that is not known at the time of regulatory approval .
more than half of the approved medicines are causing serious negative responses during the regulatory approval procedure .
more than half of the approved medicines are causing a serious negative response that does not know during the regulatory approval .

indie potřebuje vytvářet motivaci k většímu přílivu přímých zahraničních investic , které by pohltily přebytek výrobní kapacity národního hospodářství .
india needs to attract higher fdi inflows to help soak up the economy &apos;s excess capacity .
india needs to create a motivation for a greater influx of direct foreign investment that would absorb the surplus of the production capacity of the national economy .
india needs to create a motivation to a greater influx of direct foreign investment , which would cross the production capacity of the national economy .

hodnoty a zájmy nejmladších členských států eu se ve většině otázek kryjí s hodnotami a zájmy 15 dřívějších členů .
the values and interests of the eu &apos;s newest member states coincide in most ways with those of the 15 earlier members .
the values and interests of the youngest member states of the eu are covered by most of the values and interests of 15 earlier members .
the values and interests of the youngest member states of the eu are covered in most of the issues with values and interests of 15 previous members .

před američany je další otázka : co dělat , až se fenomén halových obchodů vyčerpá ?
for americans , there is the additional question of what to do when the big-box store phenomenon has run its course .
before the americans , there is another question : what to do when the phenomenon of hurricane traders is exhausted ?
before the americans , there is another question : what is it going to do when the phenomenon of hurricane is exhausted ?

převážná část ceny jakéhokoliv produktu v současnosti podporuje obří a neefektivní organizaci , která tento produkt smontovala .
at present , most of the price of any product supports the huge , inefficient organization that assembled it .
a large proportion of the price of any product is currently supported by the municipalities and the ineffective organisation of this product .
the overwhelming part of the price of any product currently supports the municipal and ineffective organisation , which sent this product .

dvacet let pokusů aplikovat na rozvojový svět neoliberální ekonomickou politiku přineslo silně neuspokojivé výsledky .
two decades of applying neoliberal economic policies to the developing world have yielded disappointing results .
twenty years of fines to apply to the developing world to the neoliberal economic policy have brought very unsatisfactory results .
twenty years of attempting to apply to the developing world of neoliberal economic policy has brought very unsatisfactory results .

to je vsak totéž jako podávat pacientovi antidepresivum dříve , než propadne sebevražedným sklonům .
it is like putting a patient on prozac before he becomes suicidal .
this is the same as giving patients a contractual predecessor sooner before the suicide of suicide .
this is the same as submitting a patient against anti-depressness earlier than a suicide of suicide .

má-li mít mezinárodní intervence věrohodnou šanci na úspěch , je zapotřebí mít již od počátku stanovena jasná kritéria , co vlastně <unk> úspěch <unk> znamená .
if an international intervention is to have any credible chance of success , clear criteria for what constitutes &quot; success &quot; are needed from the start .
if international intervention is to have a credible chance of success , there is a need to have clear criteria since the beginning , what is actually a success of the success .
if international intervention is to have a credible chance of success , it is already necessary to have clear criteria since the beginning of the beginning , which actually includes a success .

tyto ukazatele samozřejmě hrají při vysvětlování pohybů na trhu bydlení legitimní roli , ale pro pochopení nedávných konjunktur jednoduše nepostačují .
of course , these indicators do have a legitimate role to play in explaining housing markets , but they are simply not adequate to account for the recent booms .
these indicators , of course , play a legitimate role in explaining housing movements , but they simply do not sufficient to understand the recent junta .
of course , these indicators play a legitimate role in explaining the movements in the housing market , but they simply do not have enough to understand the recent junta .

vědí , jak během argumentace <unk> přikládat pod kotel <unk> výčtem důvodů , proč oni mají pravdu a ostatní se mýlí .
they know how to stoke momentum in an argument by multiplying reasons why they are right and others are wrong .
they know how , during the arguments of the discharge , they are going to add to the reasons why they are right and others are wrong .
they know how , during the argument , they are adding under the coast for reasons why they are right and others are wrong .

nejsou sice přímo pandemií , již vzorec jejich prudkého šíření připomíná , ale jejich nástup není ani zcela neškodný .
they are not quite the pandemic that their explosive growth pattern resembles , but nor is their emergence completely benign .
although they are not directly pandemic , the notion of their sharp dissemination reminds them , they are not even undamaging .
although they are not directly pandemic , they are already spreading their sharp dissemination , they are not completely harmful .

klíčovým sporným bodem je konkrétně otázka , do jaké míry jsou staré členské státy ochotny platit pozvednutí méně rozvinutých ekonomik nových členů .
in particular , the central issue is how far the old member states are willing to pay to boost the less developed economies of the new members .
the key point is , in particular , the question of how the old member states are willing to pay for less developed economies of new members .
the key issue is , in particular , the question of what extent the old member states are willing to pay for fewer developed economies of new members .

jelikož koncepty lidských práv i nadále zůstávají v plenkách , nelze doufat v nic lepšího , než že se pomalu začnou dostávat do povědomí .
because concepts of human rights remain rudimentary , the best that can be hoped for is that awareness will slowly begin to take hold .
as the concepts of human rights continue to remain in plenary , it cannot be hoped in a better way than that it is slowly coming into awareness .
as human rights concepts continue to remain in plenary , nothing can be hoped in better than they are slowly going to get into awareness .

kandidátské země svou část dohody dodržely , když dosáhly takového stupně obchodní integrace s členskými zeměmi eu , že je dokonce vyšší než u mnoha současných členů .
the accession countries have upheld their end of the bargain , achieving a degree of trade integration with eu countries that is even higher than many current members .
the candidate country adhered to its part of the agreement when it reached such a degree of trade integration with eu member states that it is even higher than many current members .
the candidate country has respected its part of the agreement when it reached such a degree of trade integration with eu member states that it is even higher than many of the current members .

realisté poukazují na to , že v dlouhém souboji mezi životním prostředím a technikou zatím , jak se zdá , technika prohrává .
realists observe that in the long race between the environment and technology , it appears that technology has so far been losing .
the reality shows that , in a long struggle between the environment and technology , the technical techniques seem to be sold .
the realities show that , in the long term , the environment and the techniques seem to be a technical one .

snad jedinými lidmi , kteří si z plíživého autoritářství v rusku nedělají těžkou hlavu , jsou samotní rusové .
indeed , about the only people who are unconcerned about creeping authoritarianism in russia are the russians themselves .
perhaps the only people who , from the full authoritarian authoritarianism in russia , do not make a difficult head , are the russians themselves .
perhaps the only people who , from full authoritarian authoritarianism in russia , do not make a difficult head are the russians themselves .

je paradoxní , když kandidátským zemím dělají přednášky o kompromisu mezi nominální a skutečnou konvergencí představitelé ecb a evropské komise .
it is ironic that the candidate countries are being lectured to by officials at the ecb and the european commission on the trade-off between nominal and real convergence .
it is paradoxical when candidate countries are making a compromise between the nominal and genuine convergence of the ecb leaders and the european commission .
it is paradoxically paradoxical when candidate countries are making proposals for a compromise between the nominal and genuine convergence of the ecb and the european commission .

spojené státy , taktéž oběť ohavného útoku , se cítí vtaženy do světa , ale nikoliv proto , aby prosazovaly obdobný model spolupráce .
the us , also victim of a horrendous attack , feels drawn to the world but not to promote a similar model of cooperation .
the united states , as well as the victim of an outrageous attack , will feel outside the world , but not in order to promote a similar model of cooperation .
the united states , as well as the victims of a hasty attack , is felt to the world , but not to promote a similar model of cooperation .

zkoumá se nejdůležitější opatření k posílení důvěry <unk> úprava dohody o protibalistických raketových střelách , která by povolovala omezenou protiraketovou obranu .
the most important of confidence-building measures , a modification of the abm-treaty to allow for limited missile defense , is being explored .
it examines the most important measures to strengthen the transparency of the agreement on anti-missile rockets , which would allow a limited anti-missile defence .
it examines the most important measures to strengthen confidence in the adoption of an agreement on anti-capitalist rockets , which would allow limited anti-missile defence .

politici vědě nerozumějí a jen zřídkakdy se obracejí na vědce a inženýry se žádostí o radu při řešení důležitých otázek .
politicians don &apos;t understand science , and rarely seek the advice of scientists and engineers in addressing major issues .
politicians do not understand the science and only rarely turning to scientists and engineers with requests for the council to address important issues .
politicians do not understand the science and only rarely when they turn to science and engineering applications to the council when dealing with important issues .

ještě protivnější je ale fakt , že francie ( jen si představte , francie ! , až je slyšet sténání ) si vede mnohem lépe než německo .
even more irksome is the fact that france ( france ! you can almost hear the groans ! ) is doing so much better than germany .
it is even more profound , but the fact that france ( just imagine , france ! ) is much better than germany .
it is even more prominent , but the fact that france ( just imagine , france !

bez nich by bylo skutečně těžké naplňovat zásadní aspekty zahraniční politiky usa , od obchodní politiky , přes politiku o nešíření jaderných zbraní , až po politiku ochrany životního prostředí .
indeed , it would be difficult to carry out critical dimensions of us foreign policy-from trade to non <<unk>> proliferation to environmental policy-without them .
without them , it would really be difficult to fulfil the fundamental aspects of the us foreign policy , from trade policy , despite the policy on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons , to environmental protection policy .
without them , it would really be difficult to fulfil the fundamental aspects of the us foreign policy , from trade policy , despite the policy on non-proliferation of nuclear weapons , only after environmental protection policy .

je tomu padesát let , co 25. dubna 1953 james watson a francis crick publikovali krátký dopis ve vědeckém časopise nature .
fifty years ago , on april 25 , 1953 , james watson and francis crick published a short letter in the science magazine nature .
it is the fifty years since 25 april 1953 james watson and francis critics published a short letter in a scientific timeframe .
this is fifty years , as 53 james watson and francis pieck published a short letter in the scientific timeframe .

pozorovatelný difrakční obraz - tedy intenzita a pozice jednotlivých odrazů - představuje ale jen polovinu údajů potřebných k odvození struktury objektu způsobujícího ohyb .
but the observable diffraction pattern--the intensities and positions of the individual reflections--represents only half of the data needed to deduce the structure of the diffracting object .
an observer of the ancient picture - that is , intensity and the position of individual discourages - but only half of the data needed to postpone the structure of the ancient anger .
the observatory picture - that is , the intensity and position of individual discourages - is only half of the data needed to postpone the structure of the ancient anthem .

pokoušet se za těchto okolností o jednání by nebylo jen přehlídkou marnosti , ale mohlo by to na obou stranách pouze prohloubit odcizení a podezíravost .
to attempt negotiations under these circumstances would not only be an exercise in futility , but may merely deepen alienation and suspicion on both sides .
in these circumstances , it would not only be a disregard for marriages , but it could only be sold on both sides by deepening and suspicion .
in these circumstances , trying to look at the negotiations would not only be overlooked , but it could only deepen the delay and suspicion on both sides .

není tedy překvapením , že uváděná částka 500 miliard dolarů opomíjí doživotní invaliditu a výdaje na zdravotní péči , které vláda bude muset v nadcházejících letech platit .
so it is no surprise that its figure of $ 500 billion ignores the lifetime disability and healthcare costs that the government will have to pay for years to come .
therefore , it is no surprise that the amount of 500 billion dollars are neglecting the lives of humanity and the expenditure on health care that the government will have to pay for in the coming years .
therefore , it is not surprising that the amount of 500 billion dollars are neglected by the lives of humanity and expenditure on health care , which the government will have to pay in the coming years .

a přesto žádná země , bohatá ani chudá , nemá chuť snižovat svou spotřebu energie v obavách , že by tím ohrozila pracovní místa , příjmy a hospodářský růst .
yet no country , rich or poor , is keen to cut its energy use , owing to concern that to do so would threaten jobs , incomes , and economic growth .
yet no country , rich and poor , does not have the poor to reduce its energy consumption in fear that it would jeopardise jobs , income and economic growth .
however , and yet no country , rich nor poor , does not have the poor to reduce its energy consumption in fear that it would jeopardise jobs , incomes and economic growth .

ale snazší proto , že jakmile jsou tyto příčiny vhodně zaměřeny , mohou relativně jednoduché politické změny přinést enormní ekonomický výtěžek a zahájit pozitivní cyklus růstu a institucionálních reforem .
but it is easier because once those constraints are appropriately targeted , relatively simple policy changes can yield enormous economic payoffs and start a virtuous cycle of growth and institutional reform .
but it is easier because , once these causes are appropriate , they can bring relatively simple political changes to huge economic difficulties and to start a positive cycle of growth and institutional reforms .
however , it is easier because , once these causes are properly focused , they can bring relatively simple political changes to enormous economic difficulties and start a positive cycle of growth and institutional reforms .

pokud jde o eu , ta se musí rozhodnout , zda chce být uzavřeným <unk> křesťanským klubem &quot; , anebo otevřenou a přístupnou společností , která čerpá sílu z kulturní a náboženské rozmanitosti .
as for the eu , it must decide whether it wants to be a closed &quot; christian club &quot; or an open and inclusive society , drawing strength from cultural and religious diversity .
as far as the eu is concerned , it must decide whether it wants to be closed by the christian club &apos; or open and accessible companies that draw the strength of cultural and religious diversity .
as far as the eu is concerned , it must decide whether it wants to be a closed christian club &apos; , or an open and accessible society , which is exploiting the strength of cultural and religious diversity .

to by vyžadovalo navýšení investic do výzkumu a vývoje v oblasti energií , jež by přinesly zlepšení technologií <unk> což je proces , který je nezbytné podpořit silnějším partnerstvím mezi veřejným a soukromým sektorem .
this would require increasing investments in energy research and development for new and improved technologies -- a process that needs to be supported by stronger public-private partnerships .
this would require an increase in investment in research and development in the field of energy , which would bring about an improvement in the research technology , a process that is essential to support a stronger partner between the public and private sector .
this would require an increase in investment in research and development in the area of energy , which would bring about an improvement in technology , a process that is essential to support a stronger partnership between public and private sectors .

ať už wal-mart milujete , nebo nenávidíte , jedna věc je nepopiratelná , totiž že wal-mart je typickým příkladem kladů a záporů moderní globalizace .
love them or hate them , what is undeniable is that wal-mart is the quintessential example of the costs and benefits of modern globalization .
you are mira-mart , or hatred , one thing is undeniable , namely that walli-mart is a typical example of the deposits and defects of modern globalisation .
whether you are wallis , or you are hatred , one thing is undeniable , namely that wal-mart is a typical example of the depositors and slaughter of modern globalisation .

nejistota ohledně změn globálního klimatu by nás spíše měla vést k tomu , abychom proti nim dělali více , než kdybychom na základě centralizovaných projekcí věděli , jak přesně se budou dále vyvíjet .
in fact , uncertainty about global climate change should lead us to do more to guard against it than if we knew it would proceed exactly according to the central-case projections .
rather , we should have more to do with climate change than if we were to know how exactly they will be developed on the basis of centralised projects .
rather , the uncertainty about the change in global climate change should lead us to do more against them than , on the basis of centralised projects , we know how exactly they will develop .

dříve tyto hodnoty povzbuzovaly boj proti nacistickému a sovětskému totalismu , fašismu a vojenským diktaturám ; v jejich jménu bylo dosaženo dekolonizace a menšiny získaly rovnoprávnost a důstojnost .
such values animated the fight against nazi and soviet totalitarianism , fascism , and military dictatorship ; in their name , decolonization was achieved , and minorities gained equality and dignity .
previously , these values encouraged the fight against nazi and soviet totalitarianism , fascism and military dictatorship ; in their name , decolonisation and minorities have obtained equality and dignity .
previously , these values have encouraged the fight against nazi and soviet totalitarianism , fascism and military dictatorships ; in their name , decolonisation and minorities have obtained equality and dignity .

celých 20 let se mi tedy zdálo , že podloží politické rovnováhy západní evropy <unk> korporativní vyjednávání a rozsáhlé sociální pojištění na jedné straně a přísné monetární politiky na straně druhé <unk> se musí rozpadnout .
so , for 20 years it has seemed to me that western europe &apos;s underlying political equilibrium -- corporatist bargaining and ample social insurance , on the one hand , and tight monetary policies , on the other -- must crack .
for 20 years , it seemed to me that the political balance of western europe has been made by the corrupt negotiations and extensive social insurance , on the one hand , and strict monetary policy , on the other , must be distributed .
therefore , for 20 years , it seemed to me that it underlines the political balance of western europe of the crackdown of negotiations and large-scale social insurance , on the one hand , and strict monetary policy on the other , must be included .

v evropě teď existuje nebývale vysoká míra solidarity , což jasně ukázal kolektivní zármutek a projevy účasti směřované španělsku . na tomto ohromném potenciálu musíme stavět , abychom vybudovali logiku světové solidarity .
an unprecedented degree of solidarity now exists across europe , as was apparent in the collective mourning and outpouring of sympathy towards spain ; we must build on that huge potential to create a logic of solidarity in the world .
there is now no high level of solidarity in europe , which has clearly shown collective redress and speeches aimed at spain , and we must build on this enormous potential in order to build the logic of world solidarity .
there is now a high level of solidarity in europe , which has clearly shown collective concepts and speeches aimed at spain , and we must build on this enormous potential to build the logic of global solidarity .

například přehnaně podlézavá připomínka desetiletého výročí úmrtí prezidenta françoise mitterranda ve francii odráží zejména všeobecnou deziluzi z jeho nástupce jacquese chiraka .
in france for example , the overly flattering commemoration of president françois mitterrand &apos;s death ten years ago primarily reflects widespread disillusion with his successor , jacques chirac .
for example , the exaggeration of the 10-year-old anniversary of president françois mittera &apos;s death in france reflects , in particular , the general designation of his successor jacques chiraperak .
for example , the overlap of the 10-year anniversary of the death of president françois mitterrand in france reflects , in particular , the general deillusion of his successor , jacques chiras chiras .

jak by mohl potvrdit herbert hoover , když se zahledíme pouze na hospodářské problémy minulé generace , riskujeme , že si nepovsimneme toho , co nám leží přímo před očima .
as herbert hoover could attest , when we see only the economic policy problems of a generation ago , we risk missing the hazards that lie directly in front of our eyes .
as herbert hoad could confirm , when we look only at the economic problems of last generation , we risk not getting the peak of what lies directly before our eyes .
as herbert is able to confirm , when we look only at the economic problems of the last generation , we risk not getting the one that we do not want to see what is directly ahead of our eyes .

jde ovšem o výjimky : úhrnným dopadem těchto reforem za posledních 25 let je silnější nerovnost ve většině vyspělých i rozvojových zemí , společně s rostoucí nezaměstnaností , většími rozdíly ve výdělcích , sníženou sociální ochranou a degradací životního prostředí .
but they are exceptions : the cumulative impact of these reforms over the past 25 years has been greater inequality in most developed and developing countries , with rising unemployment , greater earnings disparities , reduced social protection , and environmental degradation .
however , it is an opt-out : the narrowly impact of these reforms over the last 25 years is a stronger inequality in most developed and developing countries , together with increasing unemployment , greater differences in earnings , reduced social protection and environmental degradation .
however , this is an exception : the imminent impact of these reforms over the last 25 years is stronger inequalities in most developed and developing countries , together with increasing unemployment , greater differences in earnings , reduced social protection and degradation of the environment .

vzhledem k jejich vynucenému masovému exodu v roce 1999 a následné intervenci nato , která ukončila tamní srbskou vládu a vytvořila kvazistát pod správou osn , se pro ně cokoliv jiného než nezávislost stalo nepřijatelným .
their forced mass exodus in 1999 and nato &apos;s subsequent intervention , which ended serbia &apos;s rule and established a quasi-state under un administration , has made anything other than independence intolerable .
given their forced mass exposure in 1999 and the subsequent intervention of nato , which ended the government of the serbian government and created a haste under the united nations , has become even more unacceptable for them than ever .
in view of their forced mass exile in 1999 and the subsequent intervention of nato , which ended the serbian government and created a haste under the un administration , it has become unacceptable for any other than its independence .

demokracie si dnes skutečně nezadá s popkulturou plnou rychle pomíjejících vrtochů ; dnešní popová skupina vyvolávající hysterii je zítra zapomenuta a v zákulisí neustále čekají další .
indeed , democracy nowadays has embraced a pop culture of rapidly passing fads ; today &apos;s hysteria-generating pop group is forgotten tomorrow , and there are always more waiting in the wings .
today , democracy is not really going to be in the face of a culture that is fully flourishing the concepts ; today , the group of hysteria is going to be forgotten tomorrow and is constantly waiting for further in chickens .
today , democracy does not really have full of the cultivation of the cultivation of a full spectacular surface ; today &apos;s pocket group is forgotten tomorrow tomorrow , and there are still further waiting for more .

je zřejmé , že svými slovy i osobním příkladem papež tento svět rozvrací : svět by si totiž přál žít v hojnosti a pohodlí , zatímco papež nám připomíná , že musíme žít také v důstojnosti .
indeed , by his words and example , the pope disrupts the world : it wants to live in wealth and comfort ; he reminds us that we must also live in dignity .
it is clear that , in my words , as well as a personal example , this world will come back : the world would , in fact , wish to live in holy and hours , while the pope reminds us that we also have to live in dignity .
it is clear that , in my words , it is also a personal example of the pockets of this world : the world would , in fact , wish to live in holiness and comfort , while the papest reminds us that we must also live in dignity .

již pouhou silou svého přesvědčení a osobnosti mohou tyto postavy , domnívají se mnozí z nás , dobývat vítězství a vnášet jiskřičku naděje do jinak odtrženého a odosobněného prostředí .
by sheer force of conviction and personality , such figures , many of us believe , can carry the day , bringing a glimmer of hope to an otherwise detached and impersonal universe .
there are many of us who believe to be a victory for their convictions and personality , and many of us believe that they are doing a victory and to put the hostage of hope into a different and separated environment .
many of us believe that vigorous victories and people can already be used for their convictions and personalities can believe that many of us , good victories and attract hope of any kind of wind and a personal environment .

navíc přímé roční nemocniční výdaje , jež lze přičíst na vrub nežádoucím účinkům léků , se pohybují v miliardách dolarů a to nezahrnuje strádání , jež tyto účinky vyvolají , nevede-li toto strádání k hospitalizaci ( nebo smrti ) .
moreover , the direct annual hospital costs attributable to adr &apos;s run into the billions of dollars , and this does not include all the suffering that adr &apos;s cause that does not lead to hospitalization ( or death ) .
moreover , the direct annual hospital expenditure , which can be added to the rubbbish of the effects of medicines , is moving in billions of dollars , and this does not include the guardians that call for these effects , if we do not allow this digitisation to be fled ( or death ) .
moreover , the direct annual hospital expenditure , which can be added to the hesitation of the effects of medicines , is moving in billions of dollars , and this does not include the guardian of these effects , which are not voicing this guardian to distress ( or death ) .

evropa by však měla rovněž reflektovat své vlastní počínání včetně obchodní politiky , kde eu systematicky pracuje na vychýlení rovnováhy celosvětového obchodního režimu v neprospěch rozvojových zemí , a to i přes sliby , že tyto nerovnovážnosti budou ve stávajícím kole obchodních jednání napraveny .
but europe should also reflect on its own practices , including trade policy , where the eu works systematically to unbalance the global trade regime against developing countries , despite promising that those imbalances would be corrected in the current round of trade negotiations .
however , europe should also reflect its own involvement , including trade policy , where the eu is systematically working to balance the global trade regime for the benefit of developing countries , despite the promises that these imbalances will be corrected in the current round of trade negotiations .
however , europe should also reflect its own activities , including trade policy , where the eu is systematically working to balance the global trade regime for the benefit of developing countries , despite promises that these imbalances will be corrected in the current round of trade negotiations .

u témat , jako je terorismus , šíření zbraní , írán , afghánistán ( kde společně vedeme výcvik budoucí armády země ) a afrika ( kde francouzské iniciativy s americkou podporou nedávno úspěšně stabilizovaly pobřeží slonoviny a kongo ) , hovoří evropa a usa jednotným hlasem .
on issues such as terrorism , weapons proliferation , iran , afghanistan ( where we jointly train the country &apos;s future army ) , and africa ( where french initiatives with american support recently succeeded in stabilizing côte d &apos;ivoire and congo ) , europe and the us speak with a common voice .
with regard to issues such as terrorism , proliferation , arms , iran , afghanistan ( where we jointly hold training for the future army of the country ) and africa ( where french initiatives with the us recently successfully stabilised the coast of côte d &apos;ivoire and congo ) , europe and the us are speaking with a single voice .
as regards issues such as terrorism , the proliferation of weapons , iran , afghanistan , afghanistan ( where we are working together towards the future army of the country ) and africa ( where the french initiatives with america have recently stabilised the côte d &apos;ivoire and congo ) have successfully stabilised the côte d &apos;ivoire ) , europe and the us with a single voice .

podobně i platby za zabité vojáky dosahují pouhých 500 000 dolarů , což je mnohem méně než standardní odhady celoživotních ekonomických nákladů úmrtí , které se někdy označují jako statistická hodnota života ( 6,1 až 6,5 milionu dolarů ) .
similarly , payments for those who are killed amount to only $ 500,000 , which is far less than standard estimates of the lifetime economic cost of a death , sometimes referred to as the statistical value of a life ( $ 6.1 to $ 6.5 million ) .
just 500 000 dollars , which are far less than standard estimates of the life-life cost , which are sometimes described as a statistical value of life ( 6.1 to 6.5 million dollars ) .
there are only 500 000 dollar dollars , which is much less than a standard estimate of living costs , which are sometimes described as a statistical value of life ( 6.1 to 6.5 million dollars ) .

když byla například uvolněna nová třída léků proti bolesti nazývaná inhibitory cox-2 , regulační úřady , lékaři ani pacienti nevěděli , že tyto léky mohou způsobovat infarkty a mozkové příhody .
for example , when the new class of painkillers called cox-2 inhibitors was introduced , regulators , physicians , and patients were unaware that these drugs could cause heart attacks and strokes .
for example , when a new class of medicines against palets have been released , for example , called coxes hixes cox 2 , regulators , doctors and patients did not know that these medicines can cause inflation and motorways .
for example , the new three-class medicine against boards called cox-2 , cox-2 , doctors , doctors and patients did not know that these medicines may cause inflation and motorways .

vzhledem k potřebě vyvracet argumenty proti přijetí turecka do eu bývají jen zřídkakdy zmiňovány jeho výhody : jedinečná geopolitická poloha země na křižovatce balkánu , jižního kavkazu , střední asie a blízkého východu - vesměs oblastí životně důležitých pro bezpečnost evropy - ; role turecka jakožto významné tranzitní země pro dodávky energie ; jeho vojenská kapacita v době , kdy eu formuluje novou evropskou obrannou politiku ; a také obrovský potenciál turecké ekonomiky s jeho mladou a dynamickou pracovní silou .
the need to refute arguments against turkey &apos;s admission to the eu leaves the advantages rarely mentioned : its unique geopolitical position at the crossroads of the balkans , southern caucasus , central asia , and the middle east - vitally important regions for europe &apos;s security ; its role as mayor transit country for energy supplies ; its military capabilities at a time when the eu is developing its new european defense policy ; and the great potential of the turkish economy , with its young and dynamic labor force .
in view of the need to reverse arguments against the adoption of turkey to the eu , only to mention its advantages : the unique geopolitical location of the balkan countries , the south caucasus , central asia and the middle east , the need to return the arguments against the adoption of turkey into the eu ; the role of turkey as an important transit country for the supply of its country ; its military capabilities at a time when the eu formulates a new european defence policy ; and also the huge potential of turkish labour and its young labour economy .
in view of the need to reverse the arguments against turkey &apos;s adoption into the eu , its advantages are only disappeared : the unique geopolitical location of the country in the crossroads , the south caucasus , the central caucasus , central asia and the middle east - with the vital areas for security of europe - turkey ; a transit role as a significant country for energy supply ; its military capacity in the eu , when the new european defence policy is formulated ; and also the huge potential for the turkish economy and its dynamic labour economy .

v obavách , že by bushova administrativa mohla v otázce nákladů na válku v iráku uvádět veřejnost v omyl , stejně jako ji uvedla v omyl v otázce iráckých zbraní hromadného ničení a souvislosti s al-káidou , spojil jsem se s rozpočtovou expertkou lindou bilmesovou z harvardovy univerzity a společně jsme se začali tímto tématem zabývat .
concerned that the bush administration might be misleading everyone about the iraq war &apos;s costs , just as it had about iraq &apos;s weapons of mass destruction and connection with al qaida , i teamed up with linda bilmes , a budget expert at harvard , to examine the issue .
the concern that the bush administration and the cost of the war in iraq could mention the public as it said in the mass arms of iraqi arms and al-qaeda , i was able to address the issue of the bush administration and the war in iraq &apos;s war on the cost of iraq , as was the case in the anomnius of the iraqi arms of iraq and al-qaeda , and i have been able to address the issue of the budgetary petrol , and i have come to address the heroes from this counter-harbour of the university .
in the concerns that the bush administration could mention the public in iraq &apos;s cost , just as it said in the case of iraqi weapons and al-qaeda , in the case of the war in iraq , the public in the same way in which i said it was in the case of the iraqi weapons of iraqi weapons and al-qaeda , i was able to deal with the budget diesel , and i was able to deal with this vicious debate on the war .

reakce institucí eu , jmenovitě evropské centrální banky ( ecb ) a evropské komise , však byla až dosud negativní : kandidátským zemím se dostalo sdělení , že nejprve musí strávit nejméně dva roky v mechanismu směnných kurzů ( erm ii ) , kde se od uchazečů o zavedení eura očekává , že prokážou životaschopnost své politiky .
but the response from eu institutions , namely the european central bank and the european commission , has been negative : candidate countries were told that they first must spend at least two years in the european exchange rate mechanism ( erm ii ) , where euro aspirants are expected to prove their policy mettle .
however , the response of the eu institutions , namely the european central bank ( ecb and the european commission , has so far been given a communication to candidate countries , first of all , the two cutbacks mechanism ( erdf ) , where the eu institutions &apos; response is expected to implement the european central bank ( the european central bank of the european commission and the european commission ) , and so far have been given a negative message to the candidate countries : a communication must be sent to the least two years of exchange mechanism ( erdf ) , where the euro is expected to introduce the euro .
however , the european central bank &apos;s response , namely the european central bank ( ecb and the european commission , was still negative : the communication has been given to the least two years of the exchange mechanisms ( where the euro area ) has been demonstrated , since the implementation of the eu institutions , namely the european central bank , the european central bank ( ecb and the european commission ) , but it has so far been negative to the candidate countries : it has been received a communication that it must first have to spend two years in the euro area ( where it is expected to be for the introduction of the euro area ) , since the implementation of the reception policy of the revitalised .

po pádu komunismu však před janem pavlem ii. a jeho církví vyvstal jiný problém : jakým jazykem mohou být evangelické hodnoty formulovány ve světě , v němž není zlo vtěleno do určitého politického systému , nýbrž rozptýleno mezi jednotlivé duše ?
with communism gone , however , the problem confronted by john paul ii and his church today is this : in what language can evangelical values be articulated in a world where evil is not incarnated in a political system but is diffused in individual souls ?
however , in the face of communism , however , a different problem arises : can angeliche be formulated in a different language in the world , in a different political system , after the fall of communism and his church ?
however , what is there to be a different problem in the river , but is it going to be a different problem in the world , which is not voiced in a number of political values in which there is no distinction between the community after the josé of communism , but its destination and its destination : is it a different problem : how can the linguistic values in the world be formulated in which a different political system is not formulated in a different political system ?

