další balkánské <unk> za minutu dvanáct <unk>
another balkan high noon
another balkans for a twelve period of twelve discharge
the next balkans for 12 minutes of 12 .

ale právě tím je bezpečnost léčiv důležitější .
but this makes drug safety all the more important .
but this is what is more important about the safety of medicines .
however , this is the safety of medicines more importantly .

takový úřad existuje ve velké británii .
such an office exists in the united kingdom .
there is such an office in the uk .
such an office exists in the uk .

co to všechno znamená pro nás ?
so , where does this leave us ?
what does all this mean for us ?
what does all this mean for us ?

nové staré časy ?
a world restored ?
are the new new old times ?
the new old old time ?

dokonce i jejich politické omyly nakonec vždycky dopadnou dobře .
even their policy blunders turn out right .
even their political omissions have , in the end , always affected well .
even their political omissions have finally been very well affected .

snížení daňového zatížení může zvýsit čistý výnos .
the reduction in tax collection can increase disposable income .
a reduction in tax burdens can increase clean yield .
reducing tax burdens can increase clean yield .

obávají se , že se totéž stane i v evropě .
the same thing , they fear , will happen in europe .
they fear that the same will also happen in europe .
they fear that the same happens in europe too .

je její podstatou sdílení hodnot nebo přispívání k nim ?
is it about sharing them or about contributing to them ?
is it the essence of sharing values or contributing to them ?
is it the essence of sharing values or contributing to them ?

ruské <unk> nět <unk> přitom nemusí být poslední slovo .
russia &apos;s early &quot; nyet &quot; may not be the last word .
yet the final word is not to be the last word .
it does not need to be the last word for russia to be a substitute in this way .

všichni se musíme stát bojovníky za svobodu .
we must all become freedom fighters .
we all have to become fighters for freedom .
we all have to become boyers for freedom .

samozřejmě , když už nepřátelé útočí , není čas klást příliš mnoho otázek .
of course , when enemies are already attacking , one cannot afford to ask too many questions .
of course , when the enemies no longer attack , there are no time to ask too many questions .
of course , when enemies no longer attack , there is no time to ask too many questions .

za těchto okolností neexistuje jediný rozumný důvod čekat se zvyšováním úrokových sazeb .
in these circumstances , there is no good reason to wait to raise interest rates .
in these circumstances , there is no only reasonable reason to wait for the increase in interest rates .
in these circumstances , there is no reasonable reason to wait for increasing interest rates .

proč tedy prohlašuje , že je vášnivým proevropanem ?
so why does he say he is a passionate pro-european ?
so why is it saying that it is a holistic pro-european ?
so why is it saying that it is a hesitant pro-european ?

a klíčovým určujícím faktorem pevného zdraví je přístup k čisté vodě .
and a key determinant of whether they will have good health or not is access to clean water .
a key factor in solid health is access to clean water .
the key factor of solid health is access to clean water .

evropský projekt je odpovědí realistů na globalizaci a výzvy , které přináší .
the european project is a realist &apos;s response to globalization and its challenges .
the european project is the answer to globalisation and the challenges it brings .
the european project is a response to the reality of globalisation and the challenges it brings .

už víc než 20 let tvrdím , že vysoké míry nezaměstnanosti v západní evropě jsou neudržitelné .
for over 20 years i have argued that western europe &apos;s high unemployment rates are unsustainable .
for more than 20 years , i say that the high levels of unemployment in western europe are unsustainable .
for more than 20 years , i am saying that the high levels of unemployment in western europe are unsustainable .

pátým šokem bylo sjednocení německa , které je z ekonomického hlediska nezdarem .
the fifth shock was german unification , which is a failure in economic terms .
the fifth shock was the unification of germany , which is an economic point .
the fifth shock was the reunification of germany , which is not in economic terms .

všichni jsme věděli , že branka , kterou vstřelil , nebyla skutečným gólem .
everybody knew that a goal scored by him was not a real goal .
we all knew that the selection that has been shocked was not the real gón .
we all knew that the defender , which shocked , was not a real gón .

z pohledu zahraničního investora se ale brusel chová liberálně a spravedlivě .
from the perspective of outside investors , however , brussels looks liberal and virtuous .
however , from the point of view of foreign investor , brussels is fairly liberal and fair .
however , from the point of view of the foreign investor , brussels is very liberal and fairly .

pár dní po referendech se nedokázaly dohodnout na rozpočtu eu na léta 2007-13 .
within days of the votes , they failed to agree on the eu budget for 2007-13 .
a few days after referendums were unable to agree on the eu budget for years -13 .
a few days after the referendums , they were unable to agree on the eu budget for years and 13 .

to je důvod , proč by veškeré důkazy , které budou nalezeny , měli posoudit nezávislí experti osn .
for this reason , independent un experts should assess any evidence that is uncovered .
this is why all the evidence that will be found should be assessed by independent un experts .
this is why all the evidence that will be found should be assessed independently of the un experts .

v jedné zemi se její prezident okamžitě rozhodl osvobodit muže , jenž byl obviněn z plánování puče .
in one country , the president immediately decided to free a man accused of plotting a coup .
in one country , its president immediately decided to free men who was accused of planning .
in one country , its president has immediately decided to free man who was accused of planning .

plánování takové růstové strategie je těžší i snazší než realizace standardní neoliberální politiky .
designing such a growth strategy is both harder and easier than implementing standard neoliberal policies .
planning such a growth strategy is harder and easier to implement a standard neoliberal policy .
planning such a growth strategy is more difficult and easier than implementing standard neoliberal policies .

v příštích letech budou ke zvýšení množství oxidu uhličitého v atmosféře mohutně přispívat rovněž čína a indie .
in future years , china and india also will make massive contributions to increased carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
in the coming years , china and india will also make a significant contribution to the increase in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
in the coming years , there will be a great deal of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , including china and india .

ony koneckonců mohly směřovat k industrializaci a bohatství po snadné a na emise vydatné cestě .
after all , they could take an easy , emissions-intensive path to industrialization and wealth .
after all , they could , after all , move towards industrialisation and wealth after easy and exhaustive emissions .
after all , they could , after all , move towards industrialisation and wealth after easy and emissions of the date .

nese s sebou příslib , že oddělí finanční řízení od řízení výroby , což přinese rychlejší inovace a hospodářský růst .
it promises to decouple the management of finance from that of production , implying faster innovation and economic growth .
it is linked to the promise that the financial management of production management will be abandoned , which will bring faster innovation and economic growth .
it bears a promise that the financial management of production management , which will bring faster innovation and economic growth .

proč například nepověřit nezávislou byrokracii určitými cíli přerozdělování nebo řízením úrovně veřejných investic či správou deficitu ?
why not , for example , entrust an independent bureaucracy with some redistributive goals or control over the level of public investment or deficit management ?
why , for example , do not believe that independent red tape is certain objectives of redistribution or regulation of the level of public investment or the administrative deficit ?
why , for example , do not believe the independent bureaucracy of certain objectives of redistribution or management of the level of public investment or the administrative deficit ?

nakonec se z toho vyvinula trojstranná bitva mezi británií , francií a novými členskými státy .
in the event , it turned into a three-way battle between britain , france and the new member states .
in the end , the tripartite battle between britain , france and the new member states has been developed .
finally , there was a tripartite battle between britain , france and the new member states .

vedoucí činitelé , kteří svou popularitu nikdy nedávají všanc , nejsou svého postavení hodni .
leaders who never risk their popularity are not worth their position .
the leaders who are never going through their populism are not worthy of their position .
the leaders who never have all their populated population are not worthy of their position .

publikum navíc může oceňovat odvážný repertoár tím více , čím více je mu vystaveno .
moreover , the audience may come to appreciate an adventuresome repertoire the more it becomes exposed to it .
in addition , the publication of the publicity can steer a bold flow more , the more it is exposed to it .
moreover , the publication of a bold town can appreciate the bold flow of the more , the more it is exposed to it .

rusko hrozí , že je vypoví všechny , pokud usa odstoupí od dohody o protibalistických raketách .
russia threatens to scrap all of them once the us leaves the abm-treaty .
russia is at risk of being exhausted by all the us if it comes from the agreement on anti-missile missiles .
russia is at risk of being interpreted all of them if the us is moving away from the agreement on anti-racist rains .

rozšířená eu by měla být cestou , jak vyvažovat asymetrický vztah mezi malými zeměmi východní evropy a německem .
an extended eu should represent a means to balance the asymmetrical relationship between eastern europe &apos;s small countries with germany .
the enlarged eu should be the way to consider the asymmetric relationship between the small countries of eastern europe and germany .
the enlarged eu should be the way to balance the metric relationship between the small countries of eastern europe and germany .

jedním z podnětů americké mezinárodní angažovanosti - a zároveň jeden z významných zdrojů globální moci usa - je snaha učinit svět lepším .
one impulse behind america &apos;s international engagement , and one of the great sources of its global power , has been its enduring impulse to make the world a better place .
one of the stimulus of american international engagement - and at the same time one of the important sources of the us global power - is the attempt to make the world better .
one of the stimulus of the american international engagement - and at the same time one of the major sources of global power of the us - is the attempt to make the world better .

realisticky viděno , evropská komise nemůže od národních vlád žádat víc než transparentnost a srozumitelnost jejich fiskálních účtů .
realistically , all that the commission can ask of european national governments is for transparency and clarity in their fiscal accounts .
realistic vision , the european commission cannot demand more than transparency and clarity of their fiscal accounts from national governments .
a realistic vision , the european commission cannot demand more than transparency and clarity of their fiscal accounts from national governments .

veřejné peníze nicméně umožňují odvážný program i v případě , kdy se vkus publika vychýlí konzervativním směrem .
a corollary is that public money makes it possible for adventuresome programming even if audience tastes run to the conservative side .
however , public money allows a courageous programme , even if there is a lot of publicity in the conservative direction .
however , public money allows a courageous programme , even if a piece of publish-publisher publishers .

vlna nesnášenlivosti , jíž orbán svým manévrem vyvolal , zastavila významnou část regionální spolupráce posledních deseti let .
the ill will orban &apos;s gambit inspired brought to a halt much of the regional cooperation of the last decade .
the wave of the intolerance that orbán has provoked its manoeuvre has stopped a significant proportion of regional cooperation over the last 10 years .
the wave of intolerance , which orbán has appeared , has stopped a significant part of the regional cooperation of the last ten years .

popisoval pozoruhodnou spirálovitou dvojvlákennou stavbu dna - genetického materiálu živých organismů .
it described a remarkable two-chain helical structure for dna--the genetic material in living organisms .
he described the remarkable spiral of the dubious colonisation of dna - genetic materials of livelihoods .
he described a remarkable spiral of the double space of the dna space of dna - genetic material of living organisms .

těžší proto , že příčiny zpomalení růstu se v každé zemi obvykle liší a ne vždy reagují na normativní recepty .
it is harder because the binding constraints on growth are usually country-specific and do not respond well to standardized recipes .
it is difficult because the causes of slowing growth are usually different in each country and not always respond to the standards of magic recipients .
it is difficult because the causes of slowing growth are usually different in each country , and not always respond to the normative recipients .

kandidát ro mu-hjon vyzval k novému vztahu mezi jižní koreou a usa , založenému na principu nezávislosti a rovnosti .
candidate roh called for a new relationship between south korea and the us , one based on the principle of independence and equality .
he called for a new relationship between south korea and the us , based on the principle of independence and equality .
the candidate for mu-hjon called for a new relationship between south korea and the us , based on the principle of independence and equality .

po velkých tragédiích v indonésii , ve španělsku a v rusku je dnes navíc terorismus vnímán jako problém všech .
moreover , terrorism is now viewed as a problem for everyone , with major tragedies in indonesia , spain , and russia .
moreover , following the major tragedy in indonesia , spain and russia , terrorism is perceived today as a problem for all .
moreover , following the major tragedy in indonesia , spain and russia , terrorism is seen as a problem of all .

nejprve ale všechny země musí zohlednit problematiku klimatu při plánování politik a zlepšit výkon vlády v klíčových sektorech , jako je energetika , infrastruktura a doprava .
but first , all countries must integrate climate concerns into policy planning , and improve their governance in key sectors such as energy , infrastructure , and transport .
first of all , however , all countries must take account of the issue of climate planning policies and improve the performance of governments in key sectors such as energy , infrastructure and transport .
first of all , however , all countries must take into account the climate issue in planning policies and improve the performance of governments in key sectors such as energy , infrastructure and transport .

může být těžké určit , zda k pacientovu úmrtí nebo hospitalizaci došlo kvůli určitému léku , samotnému onemocnění nebo kombinaci obou faktorů .
whether a patient &apos;s death or hospitalization is due to a particular drug , the underlying illness , or a combination of the two can be hard to determine .
it may be difficult to determine whether patients have been killed or digitised because of a medicine , a disease itself or a combination of both factors .
it may be difficult to identify whether the patient &apos;s death or hospital has occurred due to a certain summer , a disease itself or a combination of both factors .

důkladné analýzy nákladů na významné projekty jsou na ministerstvu obrany i v jiných vládních složkách již téměř padesát let běžnou praxí .
elaborate cost-benefit analyses of major projects have been standard practice in the defense department and elsewhere in government for almost a half-century .
a thorough analysis of the costs of significant projects is already in the ministry of defence and in other government components for almost 50 years as usual practice .
the thorough analysis of the costs of significant projects is in the ministry of defence , as well as in other government components , for nearly 50 years , normal practice .

je zřejmé , že potřeba mezinárodní intervence v případě krizí mnohdy vyvstává v určitém specifickém časovém období a často je zapotřebí značně rychlé reakce .
clearly , the need for international intervention in crises is often time-specific and a fairly swift response is frequently required .
it is clear that the need for international intervention in the event of a crisis has , in many cases , arisen in a specific period of time , and often there is a need for a very rapid response .
it is clear that the need for international intervention in the event of a crisis has often arisen in a certain specific period of time , and a rapid response is often needed .

je například těžké si představit , jak <unk> učinit z chudoby historii <unk> , aniž bychom vytvořili dostatek řádné práce , příležitostí ke vzdělání a zdravotní péči pro všechny .
it is hard to imagine , for example , how to &quot; make poverty history &quot; without also generating enough decent work , educational opportunities , and healthcare for all .
for example , it is difficult to imagine , for example , how to make progress in the history of poverty without creating sufficient work , opportunities for education and health care for all .
it is difficult , for example , to imagine how to do this in the wake of poverty , without creating enough work , opportunities for education and healthcare for all .

každá zahraniční politika usa musí slučovat zájmy a hodnoty , neboť americká veřejnost vždy trvá na tom , aby se národní cíle usa vztahovaly k národním ideálům .
any us foreign policy must combine interests and values , because the american public always insists that us national objectives be linked to national ideals .
every foreign policy of the us must serve the interests and values , as the us public always insists on the national objectives of the us to apply to national ideals .
every foreign policy of the us must merit interests and values , as the american public always insists on the national objectives of the us to apply to national ideals .

často se dnes tvrdí , že smysl pro solidaritu evropské unie ohrozilo , ne-li přímo roztříštilo rozšíření , které dalo přístřeší zemím střední a východní evropy .
nowadays it is often alleged that the european union &apos;s sense of solidarity was put in jeopardy , if not shattered outright , by its enlargement to take in the countries of central and eastern europe .
it is often said today that the sense of solidarity of the european union has jeopardised , if not directly fragmented enlargement , which has brought the countries of central and eastern europe .
today , it is often said that the sense of solidarity for the european union has jeopardised if it was not directly fragmented by enlargement , which has been shocked by central and eastern europe .

čína , vietnam , indie : všechny tři země porušily snad všechna pravidla neoliberální filozofie , přestože se vydaly na tržně orientovanou cestu .
china , vietnam , india : all three violated virtually every rule in the neoliberal guidebook , even as they moved in a more market-oriented direction .
china , vietnam , india : all three countries have violated any rules of neoliberal philosophy , even though they have embarked on a market-oriented path .
china , china , vietnam , india : all three countries have perhaps violated all the rules of the neoliberal philosophy , even though they have come to a market-oriented path .

a jelikož se svět postupně stává globálním jevištěm , je při rozněcování touhy po prozřetelných vůdcích nepostradatelná také role sdělovacích prostředků .
with the world becoming a global stage , the media &apos;s role in fueling the appetite for providential leaders is essential .
as the world is gradually becoming a global phenomenon , there is an indispensable role of the media in the disarmament of the aspirations , as well as the role of the media .
and since the world is gradually becoming a global phenomenon , it is indispensable in the distinction of the desire for profound leaders as well as the role of the media .

z toho důvodu by měli nejkrutější rozhodnutí činit v prvním roce vládnutí a s blížícími se volbami postupně , , změkčovat &quot; .
this is why they should commit their cruelest deeds in the first year and soften up as the next election approaches .
for this reason , the most cruel decisions should be made in the first year of governance and the forthcoming elections gradually , change &apos; .
for this reason , the most cruel decision should be made in the first year of government and with the forthcoming elections gradually , change &apos; .

jestliže nezaměstnanost neuvízla přímo na úrovních velké deprese , držela se dost vysoko na to , aby se určující zkušeností stala dlouhodobá ztráta zaměstnání nebo strach z ní .
if unemployment was not stuck quite at great depression levels , it remained high enough to make long-term joblessness or the fear of long-term joblessness a defining experience .
if unemployment did not enter directly at large levels , it has been high enough to ensure that long-term job losses or fear are identified as a result of experience .
if unemployment did not go directly at the level of great depression , there has been enough to ensure that the long-term loss of employment or diet has become long-term .

naděje , že se jí v letošním roce podaří dosáhnout schválení rozpočtu , jsou nepatrné , a pokud se tento spor brzy nevyřeší , unie nebude mít do roku 2007 provozní rozpočet .
chances that it gets the budget approved this year are slim , and , unless the dispute is resolved soon , the union will not have an operational budget by 2007 .
the hope that this year will be able to reach an agreement on the budget is unevident , and if this dispute is not resolved soon , the union will not have an operational budget by 2007 .
the hope that this year will be able to achieve the approval of the budget will be unclear and , if this dispute is not resolved soon , the union will not have an operational budget by 2007 .

největší světové demokracie - usa , indie , británie a další - jsou ovšem stále zběhlejší v tom , jak nedovolit svobodně projeveným názorům , aby omezovaly jednání vlády .
but the world &apos;s great democracies--the us , india , the uk , and others--are increasingly adept at not allowing freely expressed opinions to constrain what the government does .
the world &apos;s largest democracy - the us , india , britain and others - is , of course , still more profound in how they do not allow free opinions to limit the government &apos;s actions .
however , the biggest world democracy - the usa , india , britain and others - are still more and more obvious in the way that they do not allow freely to restrict the negotiations of the government .

to lze učinit demonstrací toho , že iráčané jednoduše tajili důkazy na místech , která inspektoři navštívili a o nichž prohlásili , že zbraně neukrývají .
this can be done by showing that the iraqis were simply hiding the evidence at sites visited by the inspectors and declared free of weapons .
this can be done by demonstrating that iraqi have simply secret evidence in places which inspectors visited and which have declared that weapons do not hide .
this can be done by demonstrating that iraqi was simply secret evidence in places that have visited inspectors and which have stated that weapons do not hide .

vláda navíc vyzvala předáky bosenské republiky srbské , aby pohrozili , že uspořádají vlastní referendum o odtržení od stále křehké bosny .
moreover , the government has encouraged the leaders of bosnia &apos;s republika srpska to threaten to hold their own referendum on separation from a still fragile bosnia .
moreover , the government has also called on the predecessor of the serbian republic of serbia to threat that they can save their own referendum on the withdrawal from still fragile bosnia .
moreover , the government has called on the leaders of the republic of the republic of serbia to threaten the fact that they are buying their own referendum on distress from still fragile bosnia .

demokracie spočívá ve vládnutí prostřednictvím debaty , v přijímání důležitých rozhodnutí po důkladném uvážení , které - alespoň ve velkých zemích - musí být vedeno v parlamentu prostřednictvím volených zástupců .
democracy is government by debate , by taking important decisions after thorough deliberation of the kind that--at least in large countries--must be conducted in a parliament through elected representatives .
democracy lies in government through the debate , taking important decisions after thorough consideration - at least in large countries - must be conducted in parliament through elected representatives .
democracy is governed by the debate , in adopting important decisions following thorough consideration - at least in large countries - it must be conducted in parliament through elected representatives .

k dnešku bylo na programy související se změnou klimatu vyčleněno přes jednu miliardu usd v grantech globálního fondu pro životní prostředí ( gef ) , společně s osmi miliardami usd v rámci spolufinancování .
to date , over $ 1 billion dollars in global environment facility ( gef ) grants , together with about $ 8 billion in co-financing , have been committed to programs related to climate change .
to date , usd 1 billion in the world environment fund ( gef ) has been allocated to programmes relating to climate change , together with usd eight billion in cofinancing .
to date , usd 1 billion has been earmarked for climate change programmes , despite usd 1 billion in the grants of the global environment fund ( gef ) , together with usd eight billion in cofinancing .

selhání globalizace lze do značné míry přičíst stejnému myšlenkovému proudu , který vedl k selháním v iráku . multilaterální instituce nesmí sloužit pouze jedné zemi , nýbrž zemím všem .
in no small measure , the failures of globalization can be traced to the same mindset that led to the failures in iraq : multilateral institutions must serve not just one country &apos;s interest , but all countries &apos; .
the failure of globalisation can , to a large extent , be added to the same thought that led to failure in iraq , and the multilateral institutions must not serve only one country , but to all countries .
the failure of globalisation can , to a large extent , be added to the same thought that led to failure in iraq , the multilateral institutions must not serve only one country , but to all countries .

správnou reakcí by proto bylo využít nákladů spojených s novými členskými zeměmi coby pádného důvodu k odstranění dotací eu a všech dalších anti-tržních mechanismů , čímž by se mohl vybudovat větší a lepší trh .
the right response here would be to use the costs associated with new members as an excuse to abolish eu subsidies and anti-market mechanisms and so create a bigger , better market .
the right response would therefore be to use the costs of the new member states as a result of eliminating eu subsidies and all other anti-market mechanisms , thereby creating a greater and better market .
therefore , the correct response would be to use the costs associated with the new member states as a result of a fall in eu subsidies and all other anti-market mechanisms , thereby creating a greater and better market .

její úkoly v této oblasti byly ratifikovány roku 1948 ve všeobecné deklaraci lidských práv a roku 1975 v helsinské úmluvě , která lidská práva právně nadřadila suverenitě jednotlivých států .
its tasks in this area were affirmed in the 1948 universal declaration of human rights and the 1975 helsinki accords , which give human rights legal supremacy over the sovereignty of individual states .
its tasks in this area have been ratified by 1948 in the universal declaration of human rights and 1975 in the helsinki convention , which has legally exceeded the sovereignty of individual states .
its tasks in this area have been ratified by 1948 in the universal declaration of human rights and 1975 in the helsinki convention , which was legally suited to the sovereignty of individual states .

naším prvořadým cílem by mělo být vytvoření světa , v němž vlády , organizace i lidé přijmou uspořádání , která jim umožní naplňovat sdílené zájmy a budou odrážet zásadní celosvětové hodnoty .
our over <<unk>> riding goal should be to create a world in which governments , organizations , and peoples embrace arrangements that allow them to realize their shared interests and that reflect fundamental universal values .
our primary objective should be the creation of a world in which governments , organisations and people will adopt a arrangement that will allow them to fulfil shared interests and reflect fundamental global values .
our primary objective should be to create a world in which governments , organisations and people will accept the organisation , which will enable them to fulfil shared interests and reflect fundamental global values .

podobně hájil můj úřad liberální týdeník novoje vremja ( nový čas ) , na který činila moskevská radnice nátlak pod záminkou obchodního sporu o nájemní smlouvu .
similarly , my office defended the liberal weekly newspaper novoe vremya ( new times ) , which was being pressured by moscow &apos;s city government on the pretext of a commercial dispute about a lease .
similarly , my office of the liberal week , vremrez ( new time ) , which has put pressure on moscow , under the pretext of a commercial dispute about the treaty .
similarly , my office of the liberal team has defended a newspaper &apos;s newspaper ( new time ) , on which moscow has put pressure under the pretext of a trade dispute on the table .

několik zemí dnes usnadňuje přístup ke střednímu školství , zejména prostřednictvím <unk> programů podmínečného převodu hotovosti <unk> , které nabízejí stipendium chudým rodinám , jejichž děti pravidelně chodí do školy .
several countries now facilitate access to secondary schooling , in particular through &quot; conditional cash transfer programs , &quot; which offer a stipend to poor families whose children regularly attend school .
a number of countries today facilitate access to secondary education , especially through the programmes of unconditional transfers of cash , which offer a pendix of poor families whose children regularly go to school .
today , several countries make it easier to access to education , particularly through the programmes of the unconditional transfer of cash , which offer a pensioner to poor families whose children regularly go to school .

mã <unk> nte<unk> mnohem vã <unk> c lne k tradičnã <unk> m sociã ¡ lně demokratickã <unk> m ( či starolabouristickã <unk> m ) hodnotã ¡ m .
müntefering , however , is more attached to traditional social democratic ( or old labour ) values .
in fact , the sense of the itec &apos;s term of deliberation is far more than the traditional cnkis of a sense of political sense of a democratically democratic fashion ( rather than a lack of a sense of clout ) .
the eu &apos;s teams &apos;s teenemy of a much hectares for the tradition of the embryo of a marrice of a strong vision of a democratim democratically and democratically acquired by the labour line ) the value of a peacem .

američané byli počastováni výjevy hurávlastenectví , podněcování strachu , zaměňování iráku za teroristy usámy bin ládina a prostého patriotismu .
the american people have been treated to a spectacle of jingoism , fear mongering , confusion of iraq with osama bin laden &apos;s terrorists , and simple patriotism .
the americans have been impressed by the phenomenon of hurricane , provocation of fear , the focus of iraq for the terrorists of bin bin and the simple patriotism .
the americans were infected by hurry hurricane , intimidation of fear , the focus of iraq for the terrorists of baby bin and the simple patriotism .

nezdar annanova plánu pro kypr naznačuje , že dobré úmysly nestačí <unk> a neshody na kypru byly nepatrné ve srovnání s tím , co rozděluje izraelce a palestince .
the failure of the annan plan for cyprus suggests that good intentions are not enough -- and the disagreements in cyprus were miniscule compared to what divides israelis and palestinians .
the failure of the andar annan plan for cyprus indicates that good intentions are not enough and disagreements in cyprus have been unevident compared to what the israelis and palestinians are divided .
the failure of the annan annan plan for cyprus indicates that good intentions are not enough and disagreements in cyprus were unevident compared with what divides the israelis and palestinians .

a tak se mečiar s houževnatostí jemu vlastní obul do &quot; maďarské hrozby &quot; a jedním rázem smazal čtyři roky snah současné slovenské vlády včlenit zástupce maďarské národnostní menšiny do slovenské vlády .
so meciar pounced , denouncing the &quot; hungarian menace , &quot; undoing in a stroke four years of hard work by slovakia &apos;s current government to integrate representatives of the ethnic hungarian minority into slovakia &apos;s government .
thus , metallic harassment to the &apos; hungarian threat &apos; , and one radio massacres the current slovak government &apos;s efforts to bring the representatives of the hungarian minority to the slovak government .
thus , the meras with a pain of his own admiration to the &apos; hungarian threat &apos; , and one hazard mazed four years in the efforts of the current slovak government by members of the hungarian national minority to the slovak government .

bernalovým hlavním vědeckým zájmem byla zpočátku atomová stavba krystalů , kovů a minerálů a později hormonů a sterolů - a také některých aminokyselin , stavebních prvků bílkovin .
bernal &apos;s main scientific interest was initially the atomic structure of crystals , metals , and minerals , then of hormones and sterols--and of some amino acids , the building blocks of proteins .
the main scientific interest of berlin was the beginning of the atypical construction of stalin , metals and mines , and later the hormones and churches - and also some cypriots , construction elements of protein .
the central scientific interest was at the beginning of the atrocities , coins and mines , and the horrors and stemonks later - and also some ambassadors , the construction elements of protein .

dozajista ne hrozba mnoha miliard lir a francouzských franků příslušných černých ekonomik obou zemí , o kterých se předpokládá , že v lednu 2003 vyplavou na denní světlo , aby byly směněny v americké dolary .
certainly not the threat of many billions of black economy lira or ff supposedly coming out from under the mattress next january to be converted into dollars .
certainly , and not the threat of many billions of lips and french frankly black economies of both countries , which foresee that , in january 2003 , there is a daily light in order to be channelled in the american dollar .
certainly , not the threat of many billion livelihoods and french franks of the relevant black economies of both countries , which are expected to be paid in january 2003 to the day in order to be directed in the us dollar .

ve střední evropě tento jev posiluje skutečnost , že vládnoucí strany musely bez ohledu na ideologické tendence privatizovat hospodářství a pod tlakem evropské unie zavádět reformní opatření , jichž by se v klasickém západním systému ujala pravice .
in central europe this effect has been amplified by the fact that , regardless of ideological leanings , rulings parties have had to privatize the economy and , under pressure from the european union , introduce reform measures that would , in a classical western system , usually be undertaken by the political right .
in central europe , this phenomenon strengthens the fact that the ruling parties have had to privatise the economy and , under pressure from the european union , implement the reform measures in the classic western system .
in central europe , this phenomenon strengthens the fact that the ruling parties had to privatise the economy regardless of ideological tendencies and under pressure from the european union to implement the reform measures taken in the classic system .

globalizované trhy , svobodný obchod , militantní islám , probuzení číny : to vše jsou věci , které historikové a stratégové obvykle vykreslují jako klíčové síly utvářející náš osud .
globalized markets , unfettered trade , militant islam , china &apos;s awakening : these are the things historians and strategists usually portray as the key forces shaping our destiny .
the globalised markets , free trade , militant islam , the bubble of china : all these are things that are historic and diet usually used as a key force of our fate .
the globalised markets , free trade , militant islam , militant islam , china &apos;s profile : all of these are things that are historical and dietary normally used as the key forces that are building our fate .

jako důsledek přebytku na běžném účtu a 3-4 % rozdílu v úrokové míře valutové rezervy dosáhly na konci roku 2002 částky 70,3 miliard usd - částky dostačující na pokrytí téměř patnácti měsíců dovozu - oproti pouhým čtyřem miliardám usd v roce 1990 .
as a result of a current-account surplus and an interest-rate differential of 3-4 % , foreign reserves reached $ 70.3 billion by the end of 2002--enough to cover almost 15 months of imports--up from only us $ 4 billion in 1990 .
as a consequence of a surplus to a normal account and 3-4 % of interest rates , the amount of eur 73 billion was reached at the end of 2002 - the amount sufficient to cover almost 15 months of imports - compared with only four billion in 1990 .
as a result of a surplus surplus of the ordinary accounts and 3-4 % differences in interest rates have reached eur 70.3 billion at the end of 2002 - the sums sufficient to cover almost 15 months of imports - compared to just usd 40 billion in 1990 .

když se pak v roce 1989 komunistické režimy zhroutily , komunistické strany v polsku i maďarsku se přetransformovaly do důvěryhodných demokraticko-levicových stran , jež se staly obávaným a rovným protivníkem nově se rodících pravicových stran .
when the communist regimes collapsed in 1989 , the communist parties of poland and hungary transformed themselves into credible democratic-left parties that became formidable opponents of the newly emerging political right .
in 1989 communist regimes collapsed , the communist parties in poland and hungary have translated into credible democratic democratic left-wing parties , which became an ancient and equal profile with the new right-wing parties .
then , in 1989 , the communist regimes have collapsed , the communist parties in poland and hungary transformed into a credible democratically left-wing parties , which have become a worthwhile and equal actor with the newly born right-wing parties .

jelikož byla británie jedním z nejzatvrzelejších stoupenců rozšíření eu o kandidátské země ze střední a východní evropy , člověk by očekával , že se blairův kabinet bude při vedení rozpočtových jednání chovat k nováčkům s odpovídající velkorysostí .
since britain had been one of the most insistent advocates of enlargement of the eu to the candidates from central and eastern europe , one might have expected that the blair government would have wished to be correspondingly generous to the new-comers in the conduct of the budgetary negotiations .
since britain was one of the most disgraceful supporters of the enlargement of the eu to the candidate country from central and eastern europe , one would expect the blasphemy in cabinet to behave in the budget negotiations with adequate generosity .
since britain was one of the most arrested supporters of the enlargement of the eu to candidate countries from central and eastern europe , one would expect the welfare of the kirin to be in the leadership of the budget negotiations to belongs with adequate generosity .

na omylech bohatých zemí by nezáleželo , kdyby měly africké státy dost peněz na to , aby mohly potřebné technologie zavádět samy , avšak afrika je tak chudá , že je odkázána na finanční pomoc , pokud chce vybřednout z chudoby .
the rich countries &apos; mistakes wouldn &apos;t matter if african countries had enough money to adopt the needed technologies on their own , but africa is so poor that it must get financial help to escape poverty .
if african states were to have enough money to introduce technologies themselves , but africa is so poor that it is dependent on financial assistance if it wants to escape from poverty .
if african states had enough money to implement technologies themselves , but africa is so poor to show that it is committed to financial assistance if it wants to escape poverty .

vždyť kdyby politici nemohli vyhrávat volby tím , že budou brát peníze jiným , včetně budoucích generací , jež budou muset část dluhu zaplatit a předat jej dál , museli by se mnohem usilovněji snažit , aby prokázali schopnost zajistit veřejné blaho pro všechny .
after all , if politicians could not win elections by taking money from some-including future generations , which will have to foot a portion of the bill-and giving it to others , they would have to work much harder to display some ability in producing public benefits for all .
if politicians were not to be able to display the elections by taking money from other generations , including future generations , which will have to pay the debt and hand it further , they would have to do much more hard to try to demonstrate the ability to ensure public welfare for all .
if politicians have not always been able to take the elections by taking money to other , including future generations , which will have to pay a share of debt and hand it further , they would have to try much more hard to show that the ability to guarantee public welfare for all .

na počã ¡ tku obdobã <unk> , je<unk> <unk> v německu zã <unk> skalo přezdã <unk> vku â <unk> <unk> supervolebnã <unk> rok &quot; - proběhnou čtrnã ¡ ctery volby : jedny na evropskã <unk> , patery na zemskã <unk> a osmery na obecnã <unk> ãºrovni - , se jednã ¡ o krutě <unk> ¡ patnã <unk> zprã ¡ vy pro spd .
at the beginning of what has been dubbed a &quot; super election year &quot; in germany - with 14 elections , one at the european , five at the regional , and eight at the local levels - this is hideously bad news for the spd .
in fact , the sense of clarity in germany has overturned the length of a sense of overwhelming conceived scope of the length of a sense of clarity , in the sense of a far-reaching sense of overwhelming length , by the lengthy extension of the clandestine clous - there will be a blectures : the elections to be taken on the ancient , the anger and , above all , the sense of the general sense of the general sense - the liczecht , the windows , the windows for the windows , the windows for the windows of a green light .
the slogan , the phenomenon of a long time ago , the phenomenon of a woman in germany &apos;s act of a mandate has been strengthened by the validity of the validity of the validity of the validity of a superfluous duration of a superfledged broadband , &apos; a wind of the window of the doctriloted doctrine : the european elections for the european union , patero and the eightension of the eighteen , with a general act of belonging for a large part of a large part of the european union .

odraz prostřednictvím , , braggových rovin &quot; - vrstev atomů , jež dokáží ohýbat paprsky x pod konkrétními úhly , které závisí na odstupu mezi vrstvami - braggům umožnil vypočítat přesné uspořádání sodíkových a chloridových atomů v krystalu soli .
reflection by &quot; bragg planes &quot; --sheets of atoms that can diffract x-rays at specific angles that are determined by the separation between sheets--enabled the braggs to calculate the exact arrangement of sodium and chloride atoms in a crystal of salt .
by means of an expression , through the &apos; horse &apos; - the atrocities that cross the fingerprinting of the horse that depend on the escalation between the brakes , the brakes , the brakes , the brakes of the churches , which cross the horses of the horse of the horse , in particular , which depend on the boys that depend on the boycott - have allowed the patterns to be exhausted and exhausted by the exhaust and exhaust boyers .
by means of the brain - the church - in the germanoeuvre , in the germanoeuvre - the gomes &apos; laughtered in the doorway of the bologna , which runs under the departure of the departure , which depends on the departments that have arisen in particular - have enabled the expulsion of expulsion and the expulsion of expulsions .

obyvatelé šanghaje se o cenách nemovitostí v londýně možná nebaví , ale šanghajští specialisté na tvorbu veřejného mínění vědí , co se v londýně děje , a tamní boom je vede k logickému závěru , že v šanghaji by měl boom nastat také .
people in shanghai may not talk about london home prices , but shanghai &apos;s opinion leaders know what is happening in london , and the boom there makes it seem plausible that there should be a boom in shanghai , too .
the haitian people of england may not be aware of the price of england , but the shops of england in london know what is happening in london and the logic is that the haitian people of england &apos;s shirts are not in the property of engines , but the hashops of england , but the shops of england should also know what is happening in london , and the tatatalogical thing is that it is happening in london , and the logic of the people of england .
the haitian population of england is perhaps not possible in london but the engineering specialists in london , and in london , there is a logical conclusion that it is being held in england in england , and it is perhaps not possible for engineering the engineering in london , but the engenders of england , but the engineering specialists in london , which is happening in london and london , it is also a logical conclusion that it is leading in england .

