local economic change has been equally dramatic .
politics will still play its role .
perhaps the entire un will not disappear .
don &apos;t follow the fed
how can we know ?
not blind faith in technology .
no single instrument will work everywhere .
experiment is the right word here .
herbert hoover and the stability pact
both proposals are thus politically unfeasible .
these are obviously knotty questions .
they take their theories too seriously .
the global economy has changed dramatically , too .
most europeans see in america a strong friend .
poland &apos;s right poses the most difficult case .
eclectic foxes are better at curbing their ideological enthusiasms .
but , as of early december , britain has remained dormant .
we are , however , still not a global village .
but this will require a shift in the ecb &apos;s attitude .
but defense policy is only one component of foreign policy .
the nature of the independence bestowed is also important .
first , we must update our social contract .
but this makes drug safety all the more important .
remembering and forgetting zhao ziyang
but most people don &apos;t see things this way .
europe has agreed to a single trade policy .
iraq possesses weapons of mass destruction ;
or so the protestors believed .
not everyone is happy with this news .
first , inconsistency is no vice .
the evidence falls into two categories .
why has germany performed so badly ?
incomplete knowledge complicates this assessment .
the west versus the rest ?
has the boom ended ?
down with euro-paternalism
the new baby boomers
but what about china ?
consider the united states .
such an office exists in the united kingdom .
we must all become freedom fighters .
referenda are for the most part snapshots .
rather , we have to learn to cope with them .
venezuela is mired in a dangerous stalemate .
the third claim is hugely contentious .
that wins them media acclaim .
but it has to be the right tax .
so new rules of the game are needed .
yet something is holding latin america back .
today &apos;s employers want highly skilled workers .
such efforts are getting discretely underway .
but the costs don &apos;t stop there .
the scale of these obligations is monumental .
instead , the rest of the world should
will no other cities benefit ?
what explains this odd behavior ?
is blair a federalist , then ?
central europe &apos;s fractious right
but this theory is not convincing .
there is little reason for optimism .
will the eu keep faith with turkey ?
&quot; i have come too late . &quot;
the world trade organization is a case in point .
the revolutionary conservative pope
elections are venezuela &apos;s last chance
so no change in policy .
after neoliberalism , what ?
what next for europe ?
consider poverty in africa .
what can halt this ?
partnership is essential here .
then came the 1990s .
lessons from the tsunami
now , this will change .
the exit process has begun .
so what can be done ?
this is a major mistake .
both interpretations are flawed .
few countries score strongly here .
the intervention syndrome
consequences of the iraq war
we will never know .
a world restored ?
another balkan high noon
the ghosts of economics past
the magnitude of the problem is huge .
governments promptly obliged with more of the same .
so , where does this leave us ?
income inequality casts a long shadow .
consolidation , however , is not reform .
law and order , russian-style
that tactic may be working .
the true costs of the iraq war
getting latin america unstuck
the exceptions prove the rule .
is freedom enough ?
so it is not the
the fall of the un
the real risks of deficits
the unilateral road to peace
heavens , no !
this is far more difficult !
recasting governance in asia
in the d-mark &apos;s shadow
getting over the irish stew
in western europe , it did not .
but that is unfair .
what does america want ?
playing at democracy
absolutely not .
worlds apart
the virtual enemy
the other central europe
taking drug safety seriously
no one wants this .
but is this right ?
do democracies need values ?
europe &apos;s neo-liberal challenge
is europe stuck ?
syria &apos;s dangerous liaisons
saved by taxes
they have embraced the
guess why .
fifty percent !
justifying humanitarian intervention
the technique of
water for all
expansion is solidarity
indeed , france and germany do not get along naturally .
so i do not believe that a lasting rift looms .
unformed laws are directly related to unformed ideas .
those small operations also lacked a common internal design .
the difficulties in determining cause and effect must be acknowledged .
the west must ignore belgrade &apos;s siren song .
if he &apos;s a reformer , few are convinced .
the second claim will be trickier to prove .
iraq was such a state , but there are others .
because of its weak economy , turkey would be eligible for substantial eu assistance .
even this limited goal may not be easy to achieve .
alienated and unemployed youth are a concern everywhere .
can we oppose them with anything but individual rights ?
is india ready for full convertibility ?
nor is it even a fiscal discipline issue .
the same is true across the atlantic .
the costs appear relatively small .
young people account for half of all new hiv infections .
building and solidifying these institutions , however , takes time .
the road to the double helix , the structure of dna
the differences in price for many other consumer goods is even larger .
under the communist regimes , ideologies became totally instrumental .
so why does he say he is a passionate pro-european ?
the second axis of values concerns social justice and the environment .
but such arguments , although valid at times , have their limits .
we french are opposed to building a &quot; two-speed &quot; europe .
but it is dangerous to become obsessed with the past .
the current war in iraq is perhaps the strongest proof of this .
it is turkey &apos;s muslim population that creates the strongest emotions .
not surprisingly , the proposal was quickly shelved .
this is a situation that few people in rich countries face .
because he has not thought about the question for one moment .
march 11 is now europe &apos;s version of september 11 in america .
the figures are worse in africa and parts of asia .
an independent kosovo must be secured and its minorities protected .
the first claim should be the easiest to verify .
meanwhile , free-trade negotiations seem to ignore historical trends .
nor is there a simple explanation of what causes poverty .
we know the origins of the stability and growth pact .
as a child , mastering the cruel art of
how accurate are your pet pundits ?
consumers pay significantly less than at traditional outlets .
i speak not of principles , but of policy .
no realistic solution exists for kosovo but independence .
so the case for representative government remains strong .
) found a film star to replace him .
taming politicians on both sides of the atlantic
are housing prices a house of cards ?
there are now calls for improved tsunami early warning systems .
of course , monetary policy also has redistributive effects .
there should be a systematic review of sites that were visited .
in an ideal world , conflicts end by agreements and treaties .
more than a billion people around the world today do not .
is eastern europe &apos;s political pendulum about to run down ?
but how much credibility should we attach to the opinions of experts ?
on balance , however , the advantages far outweigh the risks .
his ba &apos;athist government , however , will not go alone .
the social agenda and the technology agenda are not independent of each other .
with 80 million people , turkey would be one of the largest eu states .
in that case , europe was as much the culprit as america .
no one pretends that we can prevent or alter the forces of nature .
for this reason , independent un experts should assess any evidence that is uncovered .
but stability is as much a matter of political perceptions as of technical calculations .
the fight for democracy cannot be selective .
those in the white house today believe in
but this is no longer the case .
syria may pay a heavy price for that ambiguity .
the threat could best be eliminated by war .
moreover , the principle of sovereignty itself needs redefinition .
the reduction in tax collection can increase disposable income .
optimists say that technology will solve the problem .
latin america boasts still other long-term advantages .
its disappearance would affect all other arms control agreements .
nobody can be sure that it will work either .
but leaders must be given the chance to govern .
international comparison of systems therefore plays an important role .
i have nothing against big box stores .
i normally write about economics , not politics .
turkish eu membership presents both opportunities and challenges .
but removing protection is always politically difficult .
ethiopia and yemen are equally stark examples .
the time has come to get serious :
but human rights were another matter entirely .
bush and blair made four claims :
just say no to bush
state of the art , or art of the state ?
the us does not have a &quot; one size fits all &quot; approach to the world .
what do we owe to our great-great-great-grandchildren ?
indeed , in foreign policymaking , inconsistency is often a virtue .
yet monetary policy is not a unique species of economic policymaking .
but the impact of such events on poor countries is much greater .
west european politicians , for their part , fear the opposite outcome .
both sides will have to work hard if they want to win .
yet the full text of his speech tells it all .
as a result , they are increasingly vulnerable to poor health .
in the meantime , sharon has paid heavily for his policies .
so we are left with coalitions of the willing .
it was a mistake the soviets would not make again .
saddam hussein &apos;s reign of terror is about to end .
the first concerns the complexity and vulnerability of our world .
fortunately , britain has always been an outsider .
fear and upward momentum in home prices go together .
blair is in favour of europe ; but not this europe .
new technologies will provide a key part of the solution .
only then will i be able to express an opinion .
the new chechen authorities seem to welcome this prospect .
at a minimum , serbia would campaign strongly against recognition .
what is the western model of democratic development really worth ?
time and again , he questions the scientific evidence .
developing countries have already invested heavily in children .
those weapons pose a grave , immediate threat ;
their self-confidence can be infectious .
the situation is far from hopeless .
so the challenges of survival are enormous .
the two events are intimately connected .
the current team of leaders has been an enormous disappointment .
still , the war would then at least make some sense .
economists like to think of things in terms of prices .
the same thing , they fear , will happen in europe .
some were frightened , others wept with joy .
brazil has demonstrated the ability to be a technological export power .
even so , the rest of the world is not powerless .
twin fears appear to be paralyzing european policymakers .
in fact , they are probably the commercial model of the future .
therefore , projects need to be operational at the latest by 2007 .
international monitoring can also safeguard against frivolous use of such mechanisms .
mexico , too , has begun to mobilize significant technological prowess .
un inspections were not eliminating that threat ;
right now , this entails `just saying no &apos; to president bush .
electoral success , it appears , fades fast nowadays .
but even this seeming success was morally ambiguous .
it is time to abandon neoliberalism and the washington consensus .
market-creating institutions ( for property rights and contract enforcement ) ;
market-stabilizing institutions ( for monetary and fiscal management ) ;
whatever the case , american policy was not based on evidence .
the us federal reserve board is , of course , very independent .
nor will the emergence of another providential figure come easily .
no government can thus ``inflate them away . &apos; &apos;
it is also possible that he did not believe what he read .
( of course , bush &apos;s academic credentials were never very impressive . )
even before the invasion , there was overwhelming evidence that bush was lying .
their young people are therefore better-educated and healthier than previous generations .
the second shock was eu integration , including the northern and southern enlargements .
in sydney , home prices actually fell in the second quarter .
the first big city to boom was london , starting around 1996 .
as a consumer , i think big-box stores are great .
terrorism is a violent version of an &quot; agile virtual enterprise . &quot;
russia &apos;s early &quot; nyet &quot; may not be the last word .
the eighteenth brumaire of arnold schwarzenegger
negotiations with turkey would be lengthy and accession may not occur before 2015 .
full convertibility on the current account followed in august 1994 .
does this mean that europe and the us have dramatically different visions ?
because they avoid over-simplification , foxes make fewer mistakes .
consider also the depletion of ocean fisheries through over-fishing .
· monitoring of adr &apos;s must be more pro-active .
now chávez lacks majority backing even among the poor .
was this wishful thinking or self-fulfilling prophecy ?
this is not nostalgia for past glory .
is it about sharing them or about contributing to them ?
both sides justify their intransigence with one-sided interpretations .
the creation of such a capacity will make the eu a more effective transatlantic partner .
the australian economist john quiggin has an illuminating discussion on his website (
first , there is the matter of its effect on low-wage workers and smaller-scale retailers .
i describe the project in detail in my book expert political judgment : how good is it ?
it has succeeded , notably , in exporting airplanes and many consumer durable goods .
kosovo is often held up as a test case for the concept of &quot; humanitarian &quot; intervention .
in fact , this is precisely what happened with other figures accused in the yukos case .
roh &apos;s campaign also took advantage of a rising tide of anti-americanism .
the president had not made a political decision ; he had bestowed a personal favor .
one of the world economy &apos;s biggest puzzles is latin america &apos;s poor performance .
he sees the failings of liberalism as particularly pernicious in postcommunist countries .
in britain and the united states , this monetarist bet turned out well .
overall , however , the inequality gaps are large and , in many cases , growing .
the private sector and civil society are , of course , increasingly important partners for governments .
sadly , most bureaucrats still look upon human rights values with disdain .
the chávez government has not helped venezuela &apos;s poor in any significant way .
for this , governments must deploy both the carrot and the stick .
across central europe since 1989 , elections have oscillated between right and left .
similar advances in wholesaling supply chains account for another 25 % !
natural resources are plentiful , with vast amounts of fertile land .
so why do we see this large difference in reality in both america and europe ?
hard times , like the great depression , have been occasions for fundamental changes .
since the cold war &apos;s end , america is the world &apos;s sole superpower .
the characteristics of this new structure have already been studied in a very different context .
such a push could play a major role in jump-starting economic growth .
they didn &apos;t want a handout , only a chance to earn income .
america &apos;s armed forces are an essential background to much of what the us accomplishes internationally .
after that , he existed more as an historical chimera than as a real person .
this flexibility is needed because of the nature of the challenges that loom on the horizon .
and the budgetary costs are but a fraction of the costs to the economy as a whole .
a good place to start would be to push for a different attitude on accession countries &apos; adoption of the euro .
only such clarity can allow for a proper end to international actors &apos; engagement .
second , policies should support young people as they strive to make good decisions .
parliaments talk before reaching conclusions ; hence their name .
such institutions can and often do advance us national interests .
but sometimes this desire seems overwhelming in post-modern democracies everywhere .
countries that import currently subsidized food will be worse off .
think of nokia , the mobile phone maker .
the fourth claim will be subject to wild propaganda on both sides .
yes , to some extent , such is the price of progress .
what &apos;s true of children and adults is also true of international institutions .
bush &apos;s position is more than wrong ; it is an embarrassment .
assad must show that his enhanced authority can lead to genuine transformation .
more than most places , latin america was born in violent conquest .
low lying islands like the maldives will become submerged .
in parts of asia , living standards have skyrocketed .
such an explanation , backed by rigorous evidence , is no less necessary today .
this would change if evidence on the four points is mustered .
it is good that john paul ii is among us .
preventing the political use of fiscal policy is an impossible task .
is european integration animated by respect for another &apos;s values ?
but europeans must admit that these individuals represent a small minority .
i blame two unsolved , but solvable , problems .
immigration should not be a cause for undue concern , either .
many asian governments recognize the need to define their roles more clearly .
warning signs of impending inflation abound across the euro zone .
market-legitimizing institutions ( for social protection and insurance ) .
however , they are often exaggerated and certainly not insurmountable .
bush and blair should demonstrate that the un inspection process was failing .
proper and complete documentation of harmful drug effects is difficult .
what it does mean is that the problem is political .
the government is still lagging on its domestic economic reforms .
european solidarity cannot and will not survive their neglect .
package inserts in fine print are useless ;
that is enough to shake asset prices worldwide .
is india ready for full currency convertibility ?
when private incomes fall , so do public revenues .
so does poor music education in state schools .
but rising abstention makes this virtually impossible .
an election now in venezuela will save , not undermine , democracy .
however , it is the developing countries -- and thus the world &apos;s poor -- who are most vulnerable .
indeed , it is at times like this that the world truly does seem like a global village .
to be sure , the world has seen progress on some fronts in recent decades .
in practice , however , peer pressure has become peer collusion .
if they succeed , the rewards for the world &apos;s poor will be immense .
the most serious problem of central europe &apos;s political right is a lack of identity .
a conspicuous example already exists in the movie production industry .
the question , of course , is what will happen after the gaza disengagement .
at home , assad &apos;s regime also finds itself in a bind .
not every threat to america &apos;s national interests can be addressed with military power .
politicians naturally prefer to hide how wealth is shifted between generations .
he sees the market as favoring entrepreneurship over human solidarity .
now growth in home prices is weakening in some of these cities .
so political turmoil with russia and europe might be calmed .
all this comes as a disappointment to old cold war strategists .
look at the growing number of prominent citizens of turkish origin in germany .
to move forward , developing countries need new water infrastructure and better management .
hence it would be premature for india to open up its capital account immediately .
during the cold war the security council was hopelessly paralyzed .
the kyoto protocol treaty has now entered into force for the 126 nations who have joined it so far .
in that case , a critical step towards healing the world would be their quick departure from office .
first , the world economy does look more chaotic than it did a decade ago .
in a fitting irony , the united nations is going down with him .
indeed , countries do not compete against each other in the way that firms do .
· the drug-safety problem must be seen as a systemic failure .
indeed , there is palpable disdain for syria in washington .
was the war justified in terms of costs and benefits , and was war really the last resort ?
it is time to understand the new , emerging model of conflict .
the benefits of virtual enterprises stem from their lightness over stability .
leaders who never risk their popularity are not worth their position .
it now appears that lindsey &apos;s numbers were a gross underestimate .
· regulatory agencies need enforcement authority so that stricter rules can be implemented ;
slow german growth , he maintains , is a sign of natural convergence .
but the us must also ensure that existing institutions are adapted to current realities .
terrorist motivations differ from cell to cell , even from person to person .
it is easy to dismiss the suggestion that technology can save the day .
whether zhao &apos;s supporters will express themselves in a similar fashion is uncertain .
likewise , there will be problems establishing ties between serbia and kosovo under any circumstances .
this will be all but impossible without cooperation with non-governmental human rights organizations in russia .
having achieved these goals , europe now wants to make a positive contribution to world developments .
but in one area , global warming , we have already received an early warning .
the key to successful increased investment in water infrastructure is an equally increased investment in water institutions .
yet practical solutions are at hand , because simple and low-cost technologies can address specific problems .
for these programs to work , however , children must be ready to enter secondary education .
by running a deficit , a country increases its national debt and imposes burdens on future generations .
there &apos;s a chance that it would be perceived as a pointer to this asymmetry .
this period of time would offer both turkey and the union an opportunity to come to terms .
asian governments relentlessly act to raise the scientific and technological capacities of their economies .
on both counts , the new member states expected to benefit substantially from the eu system .
a key point here is that institutional arrangements are , by necessity , country-specific .
normally cautious governments are positioning themselves now as if the future were around the corner .
after all , confrontations like this are not unusual in latin america &apos;s rigid presidential systems .
but chávez &apos;s insistence on the inviolability of the current constitution is hypocritical .
two years ago , the us predicted budget surpluses as far as the eye could see .
questions about postwar europe &apos;s juridical order go beyond the former czechoslovakia .
critics of neoliberalism should not oppose mainstream economics--only its misuse .
exchange rate stability is the key anchor when a country &apos;s reform process is underway .
one of our most pressing tasks today is to prevent the implosion of weak states .
a few years ago this would have doomed roh &apos;s candidacy .
political and economic reform , when it advances , does so at a glacial pace .
rather than initiating a revolution , chávez merely spouts fiery rhetoric .
beyond fundamental freedoms and economic prosperity , do we have a specific civilization to defend ?
of course , there is no simple causal relationship linking poverty and inequality to violence .
each spoke easily about institutions , democratic procedures , and respect for the rule of law .
it would be foolish to deny that some of these factors represent serious challenges .
there is also a general reluctance to report unfavorable drug effects .
the opposition of the ecb and the commission to rapid euro adoption lacks strong foundations .
here confidence can only be built through the approach taken by the us to china .
such a debate should also involve education - its rules , objectives , and contents .
in lebanon , the syrians have repeatedly misread the bush administration &apos;s intentions .
this month , water once again takes center stage at the fourth world water forum in mexico city .
to be sure , in the struggle against communism , the polish church was , indeed , conservative--and thank god for that !
the values and interests of the eu &apos;s newest member states coincide in most ways with those of the 15 earlier members .
still , we need to face squarely the intergenerational issues at the core of today &apos;s economic dilemmas .
why is this menace a matter of grave concern in japan today , and a threat worth worrying about in the us ?
but who knows what the electorate will think in three years , at the end of the government &apos;s full term in office ?
as a result of this neglect , a noxious social and political residue pervades today &apos;s kosovo .
but today it is the westphalian order that is in decline , along with the significance of state borders .
the chain reaction of reawakening nationalisms is altering the political landscape in dangerous ways .
several other european governments find themselves in a similar state of unpopularity not long after being elected .
in fact , there is now no master planner or funder of terrorist activities .
wal-mart and its ilk are a central feature of the modern era of globalization .
all of these serious human rights questions expose the fact that russia &apos;s legal institutions remains half-formed .
market-regulating institutions ( for externalities , economies of scale , and information about companies ) ;
this type of innovative program is relevant for european as well as american orchestras .
after all , they could take an easy , emissions-intensive path to industrialization and wealth .
the army and the police have mobilized almost 50,000 troops to carry out evictions .
promoting respect for human rights was , after all , the guiding principle behind the un &apos;s establishment .
the political systems of these countries were tailored to small , static , rural populations .
rich industrial countries have invested early and heavily in water infrastructure , institutions , and management capacities .
at the same time , money spent on the war could have been spent elsewhere .
but it &apos;s easy for politicians to be irresponsible about monetary policy .
continued public opposition to a gradual increase in inflation is not guaranteed .
this approach too often sacrifices long-term essential objectives to short-term concerns .
such growth differences suggest that overall global inequality may not have increased unequivocally .
but the situation is far different concerning the safety of prescription drugs .
indeed , kosovo has become a petri dish for international intervention .
but governments retain a role in fostering an enabling environment within which markets operate .
so should every country adopt a recall procedure to maintain the legitimacy of governments ?
multilateralism is most successful when built on a real convergence of interests and values .
the few exceptions have been due largely to continued or new progressive government interventions .
the only way to arrest such fears is through closer and more frequent dialogue .
structural reform and privatization have slowed , eroding investors &apos; confidence .
this century now challenges the hopes for a new world order in new ways .
the iraq war &apos;s main consequences will not be on the battlefield .
if the arguments for war are not proved , the consequences will be profound .
french and dutch voters did not say why they voted against the planned constitution .
assad is now in a consolidation phase , leaving little room for reform .
the most important things in life ­ like life itself ­ are priceless .
&quot; i am very sorry , &quot; he said to startled onlookers .
it took a coalition of the willing to save bosnia from extinction .
this is not the type of volatile monetary policy that europe wants or needs .
in these circumstances , there is no good reason to wait to raise interest rates .
while this may be true , there is a downside to maturity .
think about the different effects of interest rates on debtors versus creditors .
unless we learn how to respect it , we will all miss the boat .
the fifth shock was german unification , which is a failure in economic terms .
a single drought can cut growth potential by 10 % over an extended period .
long-term economic progress comes mainly from the invention and spread of improved technologies .
the best way to bring youth to the performing arts is through education .
even in sport , east europeans have long been integrated with the rest of europe .
it could only be a european matter , if the eu were a real federation .
but such considerations appear to be beyond the bush administration &apos;s reckoning .
governments could decide to act this way again , especially if national debts grow bigger .
to defuse an electoral fight with his rival , schroeder agreed .
indeed , india &apos;s external liquidity position has strengthened dramatically in the past decade .
the result of such failures is that small elites benefit while the majority suffers .
in most asian countries , formal rules need to be simplified and applied more fairly .
nature , as we have learned from the tsunami , has its own timetable .
in asia , public debate is about technology : how can asia catch up ?
i confess that i view the heritage of communism with more <<unk>> ticism .
at first , this seemed to be the british government &apos;s chosen tactic .
but this does not mean that pensions and other welfare obligations are entirely fixed .
how relationships among these stakeholders function will powerfully influence asia &apos;s future development .
a world where everything changes needs a guardian of what remains the same .
large budget deficits support growth , but inflation evidently is not a problem .
but should we be doing anything else now and in the next decade ?
within days of the votes , they failed to agree on the eu budget for 2007-13 .
a critique of individualism in the name of collective values occurs frequently in the pope &apos;s pronouncements .
and , in the middle east and north africa region , about a quarter of all young people are unemployed .
like de gaulle in algeria , sharon has reshuffled the cards of israel &apos;s politics .
one of the few good ideas contained in the lisbon strategy was to remove barriers to trade in services .
only the next days and weeks will tell whether the evacuation proceeds peacefully or not .
my country , poland , has always had deep cultural ties to other european countries , especially france .
if that happens , it is likely that the serbs of north kosovo would declare their own independence .
politicians and policymakers advance their approach to economics as the &quot; one true doctrine . &quot;
most americans still see in europe a partner with largely the same aims in the world .
the result is that latin america has failed to benefit adequately from the global technological revolutions .
scores of texts are appearing in the muslim world on jihadi strategic studies .
if they are vindicated , then the war could conceivably bring a safer world .
in this wider and uncertain context , the need to regulate humanitarian military intervention looms large .
today &apos;s era of globalization emerged with the spread of computers and the internet .
after decades of disempowerment , poles suddenly regained their capacity for self-determination .
two decades of applying neoliberal economic policies to the developing world have yielded disappointing results .
but there are concerns that , if not fundamentally divisive , are worrying .
no one predicted this boom , so predicting its end is risky .
one problem is that the consequences for neglecting drug safety are non-existing or minimal .
the second , paradoxically , reflects our growing cynicism towards politics and politicians .
so it may be helpful to outline the principles and ideas that guide us foreign policy .
my hosts were former communist leaders who were now more or less democratically elected presidents .
increasingly , free expression of opinion does not influence or restrain how government behaves .
in many ways , 2005 has been europe &apos;s annus <<unk>> bilis .
boom and doom pundits are the most reliable over-claimers .
every conceivable explanation has been given , usually focusing on what africans do wrong .
the un arose from the ashes of a war that the league of nations was unable to avert .
access to education for girls has improved , and some gender gaps have been reduced .
but none of this is apparently enough to force officials to re-examine their priorities .
leadership needs time to take and implement unpopular decisions as well as popular ones .
these considerations should guide the choice of what will follow the stability pact in europe .
taxation makes individuals feel in their wallets the destruction they are causing .
they have learned the lesson from latin america and asia in the 1990 &apos;s .
in germany , the chancellor holds the strongest position among the key political players .
much sets us apart : eu enlargement , agriculture , and domestic market issues .
while his democratic credentials are dubious , he has not
in many countries , however , political parties find it difficult even to contemplate such debates .
nor does the administration want to face up to the military &apos;s recruiting and retention problems .
the looming chatterbox on new york &apos;s east river will also continue to bleat .
china is ten times the size of japan , and japan was not easy to deal with , either .
what , then , accounts for the puzzling lack of real growth over the past 25 years ?
armed with the right information and incentives , young people can make better decisions about their health and education .
there are a number of other costs , some potentially quite large , although quantifying them is problematic .
but the military pays disability benefits that are markedly lower than the value of lost earnings .
they launched this war for certain declared reasons , all of which were heatedly debated around the world .
is the un security council the institution most capable of ensuring order and saving us from anarchy ?
the ghosts of economics &apos; past return because the lessons of the present are always oversold .
sadly , global warming will likely destroy some of the same countries ravaged by the tsunami .
these sectors are technologically sophisticated , but form a narrow base for long-term development .
but are civil , political , and human rights enough to ensure the strength and survival of democracies ?
nor do we attempt to assess whether there were more cost-effective ways of waging the war .
for a long time , schröder &apos;s reformist rhetoric had not been matched by his politics .
from the american side of the atlantic , all of these rationales seem utterly bizarre .
in contrast to the other two psychological causes , speculative contagion has a natural end .
in one country , the president immediately decided to free a man accused of plotting a coup .
what should matter for the eu is that the policies of any member state are not harmful to other members .
in fact , serbia &apos;s government is already trying to persuade the west to postpone a decision until mid-2007 .
the iraq war was not and could not be justified on the basis that saddam hussein was a tyrant .
when the war was over , peace was made in dayton , ohio , not at the un .
but if this is an issue solved over fifty years ago , why is it haunting us now ?
the sharpness of political attacks on the ecb might trigger dangerous talk about restricting its independence .
the strategy rests on peer pressure , naming and shaming governments that fail to make progress .
in future years , china and india also will make massive contributions to increased carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
increasingly , adaptation at the national level will be recognized as a major issue that will require appropriate funding .
· citizens and government must make drug safety a priority and commit adequate resources to fixing the problems ;
but what the critics often don &apos;t say is that the same logic applies to the world today .
moreover , the war is extremely wearing on equipment , some of which will have to be replaced .
they , too , must be allowed to feel those ties of &quot; unity resulting from feelings and sympathy . &quot;
this yearning for providential men or women in our global age results from at least three factors .
bush and blair must show that any weapons of mass destruction that are recovered posed a grave and urgent threat .
in some countries , new water infrastructure may mean canals , pumping stations , and levees .
the european commission submitted a proposal in 2005 -- just as the constitution was being put up for a vote .
indeed , as far as protecting the public is concerned , drug safety is the regulator &apos;s neglected stepchild .
finally , the enlargement process itself is also manifestly a symbol of european social , civic , and cultural unity .
instead , they are promises of a certain standard of living ( including the value of medical services ) , corrected for inflation .
the policy debate then turned to capital-account convertibility , with the imf and the world bank strongly in favor .
to date , bush and blair have failed to make the case to the world , with the partial exception of their own countries .
candidate roh called for a new relationship between south korea and the us , one based on the principle of independence and equality .
this new technology , called &quot; carbon capture and sequestration , &quot; can cut by 80 % the carbon dioxide emitted during the production of electricity .
but , in the near term , full capital account convertibility is not in india &apos;s interest .
the european project is a realist &apos;s response to globalization and its challenges .
in each country , i presented lists of political prisoners and asked about their fates .
there is no more certain route to economic disaster than to put on historical blinders .
politicians are willing to go to great lengths to please their supporters and win elections .
what is the pope &apos;s message for the postcommunist world he helped create ?
they are particularly difficult if we see culture as the cement of europe &apos;s future .
<<unk>> tical european allies are being mollified by us assurances of close consultation .
the timing of the constitutional referendum appears to be a part of this delaying strategy .
in our globalized age , vast impersonal forces are supposed to determine events .
germany cannot afford to slow down or , worse yet , stop the reform process .
let &apos;s hope that today &apos;s economists also learn the lessons of their unwanted ghosts .
foreign investment from within and outside the region has altered the structure of domestic economies .
for now , the bush administration will await the outcome of tests before deciding .
reforms that succeed in one setting may perform poorly or fail completely in others .
other tropical parasitic diseases imply similarly extraordinary burdens in africa .
terrorists have been better at capitalizing on models of distributed operation .
trial and error implies the opportunity to err before we try again .
hence the popular belief that democracies , like wine , improve with age .
discovering what works in any one country requires experimentation .
the call for more referenda both reflects and fuels this trend .
both moscow and washington hint at possible deep cuts in their offensive nuclear arsenals .
the world - europe in particular - has fascination and admiration for the us .
for example , international bodies such as the wto have changed the framework within which economic decisions are taken .
because services account for 70 % of european gdp , the potential impact from enhanced competition is substantial .
after all , technological advance also requires good governance , market forces , effective universities , and more .
some see a defender of the poor , others a critic of liberation theology .
in both cases , it takes a lot of blind faith to go from one to the other .
it is also feared that islamists may one day turn turkey into a fundamentalist state .
more than forty years ago , turkey applied for associate membership of the european economic community .
they did ask one thing : a reduction of tariff barriers and greater access to markets abroad .
my office pays maximum attention to chechnya , although this is not easy to do from moscow .
the resulting pressure on europe &apos;s performing arts institutions is causing concern at various different levels .
but after inflation succumbed , unemployment did not fall -- or not by much .
for over 20 years i have argued that western europe &apos;s high unemployment rates are unsustainable .
it is high time that eu institutions address more seriously the challenges and opportunities posed by enlargement .
indirect criticism of the present is usually a key element in idealized views of the past .
this man now styled himself as chairman of a &quot; committee of national reconciliation . &quot;
i think that germany would be better off in a decade under more neo-liberal policies .
khodorkovsky might not be in as much trouble if such precise laws existed .
indeed , i view one of my tasks as being to facilitate contacts between these groups and the authorities .
indeed , before world war i the german national football team consisted entirely of players with polish names .
other governments should follow this model in order to fulfill their neglected role as guardian of public health .
but proteins , which contain thousands of atoms , were far too complicated for this to work .
bringing such an integrated world may be optimistic , even idealistic , but it is hardly naive .
legal restraints on humanitarian intervention are necessary because dictators too often use it to justify criminal aggression .
but as they fade away , there could be some light at the end of the tunnel .
here , said a prominent writer , was &quot; poland &apos;s second baptism . &quot;
will they be able to feel european , like the poles or the czechs have always felt ?
however , such fiscal expansion would probably disqualify a country from entering the euro any time soon .
regrettably , there are no indications yet that the problem is recognized in washington as a serious one .
failure , however , offers such a horrific prospect that no one can possibly hope for it .
the accusation is meant to suggest that the church cannot live comfortably with a pluralist democracy .
no strong social democratic party in czechoslovakia could emerge from the rigid czechoslovak communist party .
in parts of south asia , violent conflict and the power of vested interests threaten the rule of law .
müntefering , however , is more attached to traditional social democratic ( or old labour ) values .
as in other postcommunist countries , the main beneficiary of such a lack of unity has been the democratic left .
but i do have some reservations about the wal-mart model as a blueprint for global growth .
asian developing countries are now producers of computers , semiconductors , pharmaceuticals , and software .
so despite the enormous amount of excellent data that was collected , the solution remained tantalizingly out of reach .
hence , in the absence of negotiations , a unilateral withdrawal is the only meaningful step towards de-escalation and stabilization .
inherent to drug safety is the fact that all drugs , in addition to their benefits , cause harm in certain patients .
moreover , terrorism is now viewed as a problem for everyone , with major tragedies in indonesia , spain , and russia .
in order for the country to meet the challenges and to continue to grow , it would have to make its labor markets flexible .
america &apos;s government budget deficit now stands at $ 455 billion , 4.1 % of gdp .
communist police disappeared from the main streets of warsaw , yet the streets became models of order .
and a key determinant of whether they will have good health or not is access to clean water .
at the center of this debate is the so-called doctrine of the &quot; responsibility to protect . &quot;
as to the yukos affair , my office cannot intervene in any legal process until it is completed .
dealing with the impacts of climate change and with emission reductions should not be mutually exclusive , but complementary .
should we fear the fact that europe is no longer a purely jewish / christian and white continent ?
perhaps the first lesson for western policymakers is that virtual enterprises run on a culture of trust .
this approach works well in the airline industry : pilots reporting near misses are not penalized ;
such programs must be well designed , targeted , and coordinated to give the right incentives to beneficiaries .
amazingly , debate is heating up even though it is uncertain that nmd will work .
now he invokes that charter to block calls for a plebiscite on his continuation in office .
indeed , today &apos;s budget deficits reflect long-term problems that are not what keynesian theory envisions .
the rescue of kosovo &apos;s muslims was not a un action : their cause never gained security council approval .
any prediction concerning the boom &apos;s end requires understanding why it occurred in so many places .
the other three are syria &apos;s behavior in iraq , its relations with the us , and the need for domestic reform .
the problem of youth and access to the performing arts exists on both sides of the atlantic .
american symphonic life is euro-centric in almost every respect except for its funding .
on the other hand , the g-7 made a truly important contribution in offering debt relief .
the first shock was intensified globalization , which brought a lot of new low-wage competition .
independently generated plots emerged and used ad hoc resources , often within the target country .
rather , the two countries form a laboratory needed for the internal working of the eu .
yet many young people are ill prepared for secondary school , and places are scarce .
moreover , unlike official national debt , social-welfare obligations are not fixed in currency .
our task is to find a way to stand together without standing against anybody in particular .
the rush to get new drugs to market often leads to inadequate safety documentation .
no generation should be forced to accept unnecessary economic risks imposed by another generation .
justification , if it exists , rests on the danger saddam &apos;s regime posed .
here bush is conspicuously absent without leave ( awol in military jargon ) .
the question seems absurd in the light of photographs of american soldiers torturing and humiliating iraqi prisoners .
and our estimate does not include any of the costs implied by the enormous loss of life and property in iraq itself .
but what these accountants do not provide is a way to judge when deficits are justifiable and when they are not .
china attracted fdi inflows of us $ 52.7 billion in 2002--the largest in the world .
part of the seeming disconnect on foreign policy emerges from a misunderstanding about what &quot; europe &quot; is about .
unfortunately , europe &apos;s system of direct government financial support is falling victim to europe &apos;s slow economic growth and budget deficits .
the opposition &apos;s view--shared by rightists in the bush administration--is equally unconvincing .
such individualism fit neither leninist nor traditional chinese proscriptions for behavior by a high official .
guards armed to the teeth surrounded him , yet he firmly supported the notion of democratization .
german precision instruments and optical equipment , for example , lost their competitive edge when japan entered the game .
in short , they fear that all of the sacrifices made for price stability will have been in vain .
when negotiations started six months ago , it was britain &apos;s turn to take over the presidency of the european council .
after 1945 , western europe undertook painful debates about history , and these helped bring about franco-german reconciliation .
none of this swayed the rest of the world , which views the war with disdain and alarm .
neoliberalism is to neoclassical economics as astrology is to astronomy .
to do so , there cannot be too wide a gap between our stated principles and our actual behavior .
a desirable vision for the future of humanity must appeal to universally shared conceptions of justice and equity .
president chávez will need to clarify the content and meaning of his &quot; bolivarian revolution . &quot;
all eyes turned to syria following the assassination of former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri .
is hungary &apos;s slick young prime minister , viktor orban , poised to end all that ?
but it is of doubtful benefit to german workers who also would have liked to cooperate with that capital .
should the eu consider the accession criteria as having been fulfilled , it must decide to open negotiations in early 2005 .
but inequality and a sense of deprivation do contribute to resentment and social instability , threatening security .
a voluntary coalition of liberal democracies willing to put their own soldiers in harm &apos;s way isn &apos;t good enough .
the palestinian leader , abu mazen , recognizes this , but the question is whether he can deliver .
at present , most of the price of any product supports the huge , inefficient organization that assembled it .
indeed , india is edging toward a truly bold reform : full international convertibility of the rupee .
kosovo &apos;s ethnic albanians have proclaimed that they will not accept any tie to serbia , no matter how tenuous .
coupled with all this is northern european discontent with the central bankers , specifically with the ecb and the euro .
that this has not happened , at least on a large scale , is not to say that it cannot happen at all .
the market economy , despite its practical achievements , seems to him oftentimes to lack a heart and a human face .
in addition , other water-related issues , such as the risks posed by flooding , have been reduced to manageable levels .
realists observe that in the long race between the environment and technology , it appears that technology has so far been losing .
in particular , the franco-german &quot; engine &quot; of europe should not be seen as a potential rival to the us .
if an international intervention is to have any credible chance of success , clear criteria for what constitutes &quot; success &quot; are needed from the start .
zhao was not killed , but allowed to live in an old beijing courtyard house with his family .
in short , the qualities that make foxes more accurate also make them less popular .
the constant threat of terrorism has made this isolation even more dramatic for the europe &apos;s islamic populations .
that inattention will end soon ; a decision about the province &apos;s fate is looming .
if their arguments remain unproved or are disproved , then the war will incite instability .
at the end of this current &quot; super election year , &quot; we will know the answer .
partnership facilitates solutions to problems that defy purely national responses and means that burdens are shared .
some eu finance ministers still view the stability pact as the ``cornerstone &apos; &apos; of emu .
why don &apos;t more young people learn how to lower the risk of getting hiv / aids ?
it &apos;s possible that bush read those reports , but that they were beyond his comprehension .
the horrors of a senseless war are almost too frightening to contemplate .
others talk of the importance of obeying the ``rules of the game . &apos; &apos;
besides burying the draft constitution , it has largely sidestepped the budget issue .
an extended eu should represent a means to balance the asymmetrical relationship between eastern europe &apos;s small countries with germany .
until recently , no one knew who is right , because no one was keeping score .
these problems raise thorny questions : what prevents more young people from attending secondary school ?
russia threatens to scrap all of them once the us leaves the abm-treaty .
the issues are subtle , because they hinge on what future governments may do .
adopting this approach does not mean abandoning mainstream economics--far from it .
the key to investment strategy is to get domestic entrepreneurs excited about the home economy .
that is why the bush administration &apos;s actions actually strengthen the virtual terrorist enterprise dynamic .
drug approval and use requires a careful weighing of desirable and undesirable effects .
their priority is paying for immediate problems , and for today &apos;s promised benefits .
the fiscal card is critical in choosing which groups of voters to buy .
only then will we know whether germany can meet the toynbeean challenge it is facing .
in the middle east , everyone waits for a new anwar sadat to arise among the arabs .
all five shocks constitute historical developments that are good for the world as a whole , but problematic for germany .
clearly , the need for international intervention in crises is often time-specific and a fairly swift response is frequently required .
until now , the president has toed a hard line on iraq , on lebanon , and in domestic affairs .
that mechanism is an election , to be held as soon as possible ( realistically , by this summer ) .
to be acceptable to both sides , such a solution must deviate from the favorite proposals of each .
if the iraqis launch an attack with such weapons , this would demonstrate that the weapons were ready for use .
economists would rather talk about interest rates or unemployment statistics - factors that are concrete and knowable .
the situation today is improving in some places - such as brazil - which augurs well for the future .
certainly , he had never expressed any such sentiment inside the british isles during the previous eight years .
europe and the rest of the world are aware of this ; but they don &apos;t vote in american elections .
this forcible approach is traumatic not only for the settlers , but also for many other israelis .
the weak fiscal position has in turn undermined investors &apos; confidence , with obvious implications for economic growth .
anything else is likely to be about as stable as this week &apos;s top ten pop songs .
the less we expect from a &quot; normal &quot; politician , the more we look for a hero .
for those who support one or the other reading , sharon will forever hold the benefit of the doubt .
even in those circumstances , war might well have been unwise compared to a policy of containment .
of course , when enemies are already attacking , one cannot afford to ask too many questions .
there are signs that the syrians are unable to gauge american intentions on other issues as well .
the worry now is that such demagoguery may incite a cycle of populist victories .
governments are worried now , not because of capabilities , but because of america &apos;s real or imagined intentions .
in the event , it turned into a three-way battle between britain , france and the new member states .
this is why debates about reforming the security council should focus not on changing its composition , but on its mission .
whether or not deficits treat future generations properly depends on how a government &apos;s systems for taxation and expenditure are designed .
of course , the brunt of the costs of injury and death is borne by soldiers and their families .
traditionally , a large majority of the budget has gone either on agriculture or on the development of backward regions .
christian-democratic parties , associated with the catholic church , and the liberals have been to some extent marginalized .
delegates to the world water forum will have ample opportunity to forge and / or strengthen these partnerships .
but they don &apos;t know when to slam the mental brakes by making concessions to other points of view .
with the association agreement of 1963 , a special relationship was established , culminating in the customs union of 1996 .
the fed was late in beginning the interest-rate normalization process , and it is now paying a price .
in the past , some governments , when faced with large national debts , effectively ``inflated them away . &apos; &apos;
issues linked to inequality , the distribution of wealth , and our exploitation of the natural world will become increasingly salient .
a popular yearning for change , not the security situation , is now the overriding concern of ordinary koreans .
it is , of course , true that enlargement has fundamentally changed the union and given rise to new problems and policy concerns .
but in any event , it was too late to protest : the ten eastern states had already been granted membership of the union .
today , china , india , and other developing countries cannot , and it would be unfair to penalize them for that .
clearly , however , poverty arises from various complex conditions , and its amelioration requires a multidimensional approach .
elaborate cost-benefit analyses of major projects have been standard practice in the defense department and elsewhere in government for almost a half-century .
so discussions about deficits should be recast in terms of the really long-term intergenerational issues that matter .
third , and no less important , is the speculative contagion that underlies any bubble .
close links between business and governments were blamed by many for the financial crisis that struck southeast asia in 1997 .
not to do so would mean to renege on political commitments and to severely damage the eu &apos;s credibility in the world .
it is unfair to blame clinicians for serious adr &apos;s , particularly in the absence of complete safety information .
more than half of all approved drugs produce a serious adverse reaction that is not known at the time of regulatory approval .
in the absence of plausible alternatives , one hopes that this will also be the case for israelis and palestinians .
while motivated by the best of intentions , the hope of reviving the road map is out of touch with reality .
notions about &quot; collective guilt &quot; were put aside as having no place in a united and uniting europe .
in the end , whatever light there is , it may not shine until 2007 , after the french elections .
as a result , fame could be negatively , not positively , correlated with long-run accuracy .
but delay only offers more room for kostunica to find ways to make a security council decision more difficult .
by themselves , they merely revealed the urgency of a fundamental reappraisal that has long been necessary .
among the countries from where immigration to the eu is probable , turkey has the best prospects for successful adaptation .
no society has yet created a widely trusted method for keeping score on the punditocracy .
still others might need deeper reservoirs , more modern filtration plants , or improved water transport schemes .
a speculative bubble , sustaining itself solely by reaction to price increases , cannot go on forever .
the potential for budgetary shortfall with social security and health care is even worse in europe and japan , due to their more troublesome demographics .
so , six years after nato &apos;s intervention , kosovo seems as far from stability and social peace as ever .
this decision -- crucial to the future of an unstable region -- will test western determination and unity .
indeed , a broad multi-communal opposition front has formed in beirut to demand syria &apos;s departure .
so it is hard for europeans to understand why plans for closer european integration should be seen as anti-american .
money-supply growth has been well above target levels for some time now , indicating excess liquidity .
it is no use denying that civic participation too often serves only to legitimize a sham .
by repeating the altered comments , it was hoped , mass opinion would shift in favor of the war .
for example , as ombudsman , i was opposed to curtailing the right of russians to jury trials .
it does not seem to matter that such troops are being used to enforce the un &apos;s own demands .
if the audience has progressive tastes , private money and innovative programming are entirely compatible .
some hope that postponement will stimulate violence in kosovo and further encourage western reconsideration of independence .
the un and other global frameworks may sometimes be best placed to address us foreign policy goals .
most business is not conducted in courts but in meetings where trust and reputation are essential .
whatever america &apos;s motive , it later wisely decided to join the un effort .
in turn , the stick is needed to ensure that these incentives do not lock in unproductive and wasteful investments .
however , lack of a strong opposition corrupted the political right , which splintered into various groupings that cannot find a common language .
at the end of the day , the long-term approach is likely to include a rules-based system , an incentives system , and investments in technology change .
few outside of the lumpen classes of unemployed workers and dispossessed peasants seem to have any gusto for political protest .
independent fiscal authorities-or fiscal rules such as the stability pact-stand in the way of this political use of fiscal policy , which is costly .
the eu &apos;s disunity over the war in iraq should not overshadow its member states &apos; agreement on almost all other great questions of international affairs .
virtual enterprises are unusually innovative , and , in the business sector , they are possibly the only system that can build a one-off product well .
fifty years ago , on april 25 , 1953 , james watson and francis crick published a short letter in the science magazine
these questions apply most pointedly -- indeed , they cannot be avoided -- in the case of turkey &apos;s possible accession to the eu .
he wants to be a part of a political europe ; but only if the other member states follow britain &apos;s model of economic and social reform .
in its place , an ugly new form of national populism is emerging across the plain that extends between bavaria and the danube .
the us federal reserve faces a dilemma , for it needs to continue raising interest rates in the face of a hurricane-devastated economy .
the deepest problem is europe &apos;s inability to grow at more than a snail &apos;s pace and to provide jobs to its citizens .
in this , he personifies the paradox that is christianity : unbreakable and lasting principles joined by understanding and tolerance .
perhaps in part because of their strong anticommunist stance , the polish church and john paul ii are often branded as &quot; conservative . &quot;
in short , they fear that , with no expansion of output or employment , the net effect will simply be an increase in poverty .
in today &apos;s world , there is clearly work for two to bring about stability and security , and in promoting common values .
while economic analysis can help in making institutional choices , there is also a large role for public deliberation and collective choice .
some future politicians may succeed again in planting the idea that inflation , being stimulative , is good for the economy .
even if it does work , it will be ten to fifteen years , possibly longer , before nmd is operational .
the best known in the west is the management of savagery , but only because it was translated and made public .
indeed , about the only people who are unconcerned about creeping authoritarianism in russia are the russians themselves .
if these investments reach all parts of latin america , rich and poor , the region &apos;s prospects will brighten enormously .
turkey &apos;s accession to the union would give a powerful answer , one that would be heard with particular clarity in the islamic world .
certainly , when a war &apos;s timing is a matter of choice , as in this case , inadequate preparation is even less justifiable .
yet after five years of military exertions , strategies based on targeting a united aggressor have only made the situation worse .
without a regulatory framework beyond 2012 , the window of opportunity for initiating project-based transactions will close by 2006 / 2007 .
and the third is the result of our media culture , obsessed as it is with putting a &quot; face &quot; to events .
but the 1972 abm treaty prohibits , for the indefinite future , systems to protect either country against such nuclear attack .
among the former socialist economies of eastern europe and the soviet union , few have caught up with real output levels that prevailed before 1990 .
in any case , the eu &apos;s practice of &quot; capping &quot; its budget would prevent an explosion in the financial costs entailed by turkey &apos;s accession .
it was , of course , the embrace of rational , market-driven economic policies by the former communist nations that has brought them to the brink of eu membership .
at the same time , europe is again blocking progress in the doha round of world trade talks , with the farmers &apos; lobby fighting to preserve its subsidies .
government , the private sector , and civil society all have a role to play in strengthening social capital .
but the loss of aesthetics and community is not easily captured in simple income and price statistics .
europe needs a monetary policy that views aiding employment growth in northern europe as more important than continental price stability .
but on some issues , such as the iraq war , europeans are not all ready to follow america blindly .
no serbian leader will agree to kosovo &apos;s independence , because nationalism remains the dominant political force in the country .
in fact , the attacks , while surprising in their method , symbolic character , and scope , changed nothing .
learning what a country is ( or can be ) good at producing is a key challenge of economic development .
on the american side of the atlantic , the usefulness of these automatic fiscal stabilizers is unchallenged .
my office worked closely with the state to assure that , in most cases , juries are used .
around the world , people worry that political freedom is disappearing in vladimir putin &apos;s russia .
syria &apos;s suspected support for iraqi baathist exiles threatens to damage relations with the new iraq .
india needs to attract higher fdi inflows to help soak up the economy &apos;s excess capacity .
but failure to address structural problems could expose the economy to external shocks in the long term .
the results of this first defining moment in protein crystallography were published as a letter in
likewise , if we are stingy today toward the world &apos;s poor , we should be lavish toward our descendents .
wouldn &apos;t they be more likely to read pundits with better track records ?
although globalization is a gradual process , it gained momentum when china decided to play the game .
and when economists see behavior that has destructive side effects , we like to tax it .
but now governments must go beyond investments in children and begin supporting the new generation of young people .
they need figures with whom they can identify , immediately recognize , and , above all , trust .
the public demands quick answers to complex problems that , unsolved , risk endangering the planet .
success in foreign policy , as in carpentry , requires the right tools for the job .
economists call these cyclical fiscal boosts ``automatic stabilizers . &apos; &apos;
worse still , could the mood in housing markets soon lead prices in downward ?
that americans are willing to pay this suggests that the option value exceeds the costs .
a specter is haunting central europe as its countries prepare for eu membership .
designing such a growth strategy is both harder and easier than implementing standard neoliberal policies .
realistically , all that the commission can ask of european national governments is for transparency and clarity in their fiscal accounts .
but the new member states in central and eastern europe are deeply embedded in the economic , social , and cultural development of our continent .
further procrastination on interest-rate normalization by the ecb could well lead to a nasty bout of inflation .
so california has set a bad example , and californians will probably pay a heavy price for it .
in east asia , this &quot; demographic dividend &quot; is believed to have generated more than a quarter of the region &apos;s economic growth .
it is harder because the binding constraints on growth are usually country-specific and do not respond well to standardized recipes .
some in the west have tried to conjure a &quot; clash of civilizations &quot; out of our troubled times .
the principle of non-intervention in a state &apos;s internal affairs was never absolute , and globalization confronts it with a radical challenge .
many people believe that the socialists would not privatize the economy or slash welfare systems if such measures were not absolutely necessary .
in fact , most russians are indifferent to the government &apos;s efforts to curtail press freedom and limit the right to protest .
some kinds of trust can be based on an artificial notion of &quot; not us &quot; rather than on real values and direct experience .
last week &apos;s bruising battle over the medium-term future of the union &apos;s budget has confirmed that verdict with a vengeance .
but there is little doubt that the option value has been greatly impaired and will likely remain so for several years .
the lack of vigorous growth is all the more bewildering in view of latin america &apos;s many advantages and social successes .
those who advocate running deficits often portray them as necessary to fix an economy in which confidence is draining away .
lenders knew , or should have known , that not all of the money was going to help indonesian development .
we know that iraq at one time possessed chemical and biological weapons , because the us sold them to iraq .
principles of democracy , social justice , social solidarity , and the rule of law need to be extended beyond national boundaries .
governments must broaden opportunities for young people by improving access to , and the quality of , health and educational services .
his first return visit to his native country soon afterwards showed to all the world the new pope &apos;s power .
donor countries incessantly ask africans to change their trade policies , government institutions , public administration , and more .
indeed , the media shower lavish attention on over-claimers while neglecting their humbler colleagues .
working with partners , the world bank is supporting financial strategies to assist developing countries in meeting the costs caused by climate change .
indeed , i could spend all my time in chechnya , but russia has 89 regions with countless human rights issues to address .
for the system of official atheism and legalized mendacity , the church was a living rebuke .
the result : hedgehogs make more mistakes , but they pile up more hits on google .
ebeneezer scrooge &apos;s nocturnal visitors were able to convince him of the errors of his ways .
if a taste for classical music is to be subsidized , some more targeted subsidies should be preferred to cheap prices .
solidarity , in the sense of unity resulting from common interests , also clearly exists within both the original eu-15 and the enlarged union .
the threat of return to power by meciar forced all democrats , leftist or rightist , into one camp .
such adjustments will probably happen anyway in the coming decades , but only after a long lag and with many inequities in the process .
in the coming month , several rounds of retirements should allow the president to place more of his people in positions of power .
but , above all , there is a deep sense among poles , hungarians , czechs , and others , that they are europeans .
in both 1967 and 1973 , with war looming , the un withdrew from the middle east , leaving israel to defend itself .
in the united states alone , it is estimated that every year up to 100,000 patients die due to serious adverse drug reactions ( adr &apos;s ) .
this was a message for which britain &apos;s european friends had long been hoping , and for which they had waited in vain since blair &apos;s election in 1997 .
if orchestras don &apos;t look after their own futures , they may well not have one to look after .
many feel that turkey simply does not fit into a european society based on christian traditions and culture .
instead of cooling communal conflict , interethnic hatred remains as heated as ever .
meanwhile , diminishing and aging populations in most of europe will have made immigration a necessity .
it is not necessary to please 100 % of the voters , only enough to win .
this is especially true where human suffering is caused by communal conflict , as was the case in kosovo .
the fall in taxes and the rise in spending do widen the budget deficit , but in a healthy and useful way .
each factor deserves greater attention if we are to understand current housing market conditions and discern future price trends .
following keynes , they argue that running deficits will restore confidence before a recession or depression can take hold .
many observers nonetheless insist that those under criminal investigation should be released on bail instead of being kept in prison .
some see in the pope the person responsible for a religious revival ; others see a man of peace .
the notion that americans have gotten better at everything while other rich countries have stood still is thus wildly misleading .
those votes partly reflected displeasure with domestic policies , and partly disappointment with the way governments conduct european affairs .
leaders themselves need the nerve to take often precarious parliamentary majorities through the troughs of popularity .
our values reflect the democratic debate itself , nothing more , and our defense of them must address three related fields .
it is to be hoped that the group of friendly nations can help design an innovative solution to venezuela &apos;s standoff .
· patients need to be better informed about the risks of prescription drugs and more involved in detection and reporting .
the us productivity miracle and the emergence of wal-mart-style retailing are virtually synonymous .
but at least a country &apos;s fiscal actions should not be hidden in its budgets &apos; obscure methodological footnotes .
there is , however , little evidence that capital account convertibility has a meaningful impact on a country &apos;s growth rate .
conventional military models are geared to decapitate something that , in this case , has no head .
we know that the full benefit of primary school is realized only when children go on to secondary school .
after all , institutions are not hot-house plants capable of being planted in any soil and climate .
normally , countries use their eu presidencies to display their ability to solve problems and move the union forward .
remember srebrenica and the slaughter of thousands of muslims under the supposed protection of the un ?
on the contrary , whenever recession threatens , political debate revolves around whether they need to be reinforced by
for people accustomed to living in a totalitarian state , learn what participation means is not easy .
aspects of fiscal policy could also be delegated to independent bureaucrats in order to keep politicians in line .
throughout the 1990 &apos;s , they virtually opted out of serbian-run kosovo by creating parallel institutions .
presidential systems therefore risk lengthy stand-offs that threaten democracy--as in venezuela today .
encouraging foreign investment or liberalizing everything and then waiting for things to improve does not work .
another is to assist countries that have collapsed into violence to begin the slow process of recovery .
the international system rather quickly adopted ( and transformed ) this notion , and numerous humanitarian
exporters could exchange 30 % of their earnings at the market rate .
disillusion with politics and politicians also is a key element of our yearning for providential leaders .
and they continue to push &amp; # 45 ; &amp; # 45 ; unsuccessfully &amp; # 45 ; &amp; # 45 ; for ahtisaari &apos;s removal in order to prolong the vienna talks .
for the first time in modern korean history , the presidential campaign actually debated the central issues facing the country , rather than focussing on parties and personalities .
china , vietnam , india : all three violated virtually every rule in the neoliberal guidebook , even as they moved in a more market-oriented direction .
but the faith remained that detailed information about protein structure could be obtained from the x-ray patterns in some way , if only it could be discovered .
today &apos;s world lacks irreconcilable conflict among the main concentrations of world power : europe , russia , china , japan , and the us .
at the same time , our efforts to promote democracy worldwide serve us interests , owing to the hardheaded realization that democracies settle their differences peaceably .
when disagreements run as deep as they do on agriculture , there can be no give-and-take of the kind that allows for successful negotiations .
while such a move is out of the question -- it would require a change in the european treaty -- the noise is unhealthy .
of the three tests so far conducted , one failed almost , two entirely , which is why president clinton left the matter to his successor .
the reshuffle last november that brought kanaan and others into the cabinet was seen to reflect assad &apos;s preferences .
in mid-july the great-and-good finance ministers of the european monetary union ( emu ) gathered to consider the euro zone &apos;s economic condition .
the best that they could do now would be to dump the pretense of a strategy and carry on with the other business .
but this helped europe &apos;s small countries more than the big ones , and it implied more competition for germany , europe &apos;s biggest economy .
this model is the current basis of the business world , just as centralization has also been the favored defense strategy .
the bush administration , while not formally blaming syria , virtually did so and recalled its ambassador to damascus .
more realistically , it is designed to provide governments with the incentive to undertake the reforms that stimulate economic growth and productivity .
japan &apos;s public deficits spawned a national debt of 140 % of annual gdp , without producing any economic resurgence .
indeed , he saw it as his surest route to power , because the vast majority of the population thought exactly as he did .
since its inception , the eu has sought to reach beyond past grief and , through cooperation , to build a better future .
deficits raise not only immediate political issues , but also issues of distributive justice between generations , and of intergenerational risk sharing .
pensioners are among the most powerful lobbies in a democracy , and politicians are loath to confront them on so fundamental an issue .
the un general assembly should keep this in mind as it starts to codify the doctrine of the &quot; responsibility to protect . &quot;
the psychological factors are more important for longer-term forecasts , beyond a year , where momentum no longer plays an important role .
and what next for the ecb , which has just nudged up interest rates by 0.25 % , after 30 months on hold .
the opposition comprises most of venezuela &apos;s organized civil society , not only business , but also trade unions , professional associations , and ngos .
they are not quite the pandemic that their explosive growth pattern resembles , but nor is their emergence completely benign .
malaria poses a unique challenge , owing in large part to africa &apos;s mosquito species , which are especially adept at transmitting the disease .
a person may describe him or herself as , for example , a liberal , yet at same time demand that the government continue subsidizing energy , education , or housing .
so why were these two foundation stones of the revolution in biology and medicine that dominated science in the second half of the 20th century uncovered in a british
today , it appears that the potsdam declarations of 1945 , which sanctioned the mass eviction of german populations , are the new enemy .
it promises to decouple the management of finance from that of production , implying faster innovation and economic growth .
western europe &apos;s accomplishments since world war ii are among the most heartening and impressive success stories in world history .
these programs have successfully increased secondary school enrollment in countries like mexico , ecuador , bangladesh , and cambodia .
will the future be as promising for the developing world &apos;s billion-plus young people between the ages of 12 and 24 ?
because india is still running a trade deficit , there could be some pressure on the rupee following any negative shock .
their research surely includes the young science of virtual enterprise management : how to nurture and support self-organizing cells .
fixing the problem requires full cooperation from clinicians , but this requires ending their fear of litigation .
why do businesses in these countries complain of a lack of skilled workers when so many university students are jobless ?
this distinction matters because it points to the limited effectiveness of formalized legal norms as a means of promoting human rights .
asia &apos;s population has more than doubled since 1950 , with most of that growth coming in its poorest countries .
but the same is true for any other democracy , where radical groups could well misuse the democratic process for their purposes .
they assigned probabilities of 65 % to rosy scenarios that materialized only 15 % of the time .
the disaster was international , so it was appropriate that the united nations take the lead in coordinating the relief effort .
surprisingly , there is no well-received explanation , because this boom &apos;s ultimate causes are mostly psychological .
many policies have been tried , especially trade liberalization , privatization of inefficient state enterprises , and budgetary reforms .
those who wanted to limit the use of juries supposedly feared a risk to state security in some instances .
the small suppliers actually provide you with 80 % of the value and innovation but only receive 20 % of the reward .
he is merely an unthinking nationalist , living in terror of the nationalist yellow tabloid press .
for example , assad apparently still does not realize how much the bush administration associates his regime with terrorism .
facing milosevic &apos;s multiple aggressions , the un could not stop the balkan wars or even protect its victims .
without such an effort , attempting to improve the situation is like building a house on a sand dune .
the objective of growth for the accession countries is apparently the sole imperative in brussels ; macroeconomic stability can wait .
housing prices have shown tremendous upward momentum in the face of previous warnings that the party is over .
this has been a big windfall to homeowners , but has hurt anyone planning to buy .
human rights in russia are often violated simply because people are not aware that they have some particular right .
but cheap prices for the performing arts do not solve the thorny problem of access for youth .
to be sure , democracy implies limiting the time that the powerful have to exercise their power without challenge .
damage is done from the word go while the end of the road remains obscured .
the madrid bombings have made europeans feel the scourge of terrorism in their bones .
failure is punished by unrest , disaffection , and stagnation . on april 18
ordinary koreans insist that us soldiers who commit crimes should be tried in korean courts .
it is like putting a patient on prozac before he becomes suicidal .
this is mostly due to the big three -- france , germany , and italy -- which produce 70 % of europe &apos;s gdp .
in practice , this has meant large flows of money either to big agricultural producers , like france , or to poorer member states , like greece and portugal .
if we are to make the world politically more secure and economically more stable and prosperous , political globalization will have to catch up with economic globalization .
gdp per working-age person in east germany had been 61 % of the west german level in 1996 , but it is now only 59 % .
indeed , the central feature of the first decade of the pope &apos;s reign was his struggle against dictatorship--communist dictatorship in particular .
in the future , the virtual enterprise model will shape how business is conducted , wars will be fought and probably how government services will be administered .
probably the only rational way to proceed would be to acknowledge that unilateral steps on both sides can still further the cause of de-escalation and ultimate reconciliation .
despite aids and the resurgence of malaria and tuberculosis , life expectancy has increased in much of the world due to improved public health systems .
they have certainly been great for america &apos;s trading partners ; wal-mart alone accounts for over 10 % of all us imports from china .
do you want to know which video clip will soon be scaring the daylights out of policymakers throughout the world ?
tens of thousands of innocent patients -- perhaps more -- suffered such adr &apos;s before the first two drugs of this class were withdrawn .
on the palestinian side , consolidation of the palestinian authority &apos;s control over a dozen security services and militias would be an important step .
hariri &apos;s assassination makes that far more difficult , and syria must prepare for a strong backlash from the us and france .
in one country , i spoke with a leader of the islamic fundamentalist opposition , which had waged a long civil war against the government .
some members of the opposition in germany would dearly love to do the same to chancellor gerhard schröder , though they have not ( yet !
one of the defining features of the past decades is the sharp increase in services productivity in the us ; none of that happened in europe .
imagine your job as a media executive depends on expanding your viewing audience .
his &quot; war &quot; approach is making it easier for islamist terrorists to view the west as an equally united and malevolent force .
since then , x-ray structural analysis of protein molecules has helped us to understand the chemistry of biological reactions .
doctors without borders introduced the concept of &quot; the right of intervention &quot; in humanitarian disasters , bypassing the strictures of traditional international law .
the best that we can plausibly hope for is to ensure that the worst of what they do is done out in the open .
even if a budget is adopted , there is no lack of depressing business for the austrian presidency , which starts on january 1 .
even today , income inequality in latin america is among the highest in the world , reflecting the old patterns of ethnic and racial division .
it was conservative in its absolute fidelity to evangelical values , to the truth of faith , to its historical identity .
under president roh , south korea &apos;s domestic politics and relations with the us and north korea will require an almost total overhaul .
on average , wage costs in the ten countries that joined the eu in 2004 are only 14 % of the west german level .
americans , in turn , must think about where the proper balance lies between aesthetics , community , and low prices .
if khodorkovsky disagrees with the final decision of the russian courts , he will undoubtedly appeal to that court .
societies in which the official unemployment rate stands at 10 % or more for generations are societies in which government economic management has failed .
if all you have to work with is a hammer , as the saying goes , every problem looks like a nail .
such a policy would entail committing to a major increase in spending on research and development , as asian developing countries have done .
many immigrant groups in europe find themselves flung back on their own communities by the impossibility of social and economic integration .
so tempers are rising over something which , if and when it happens in the distant future , may or may not have much impact .
trade is potentially a positive-sum game , with all countries benefiting by exploiting their areas of comparative advantage .
consider germany , where some leaders of the opposition christian democrats yearn to sink the schröder government .
nor is full convertibility the key to attracting higher inflows of foreign direct investment ( fdi ) .
this is not true of totalitarian or fundamentalist regimes , because , to foster free societies , they must be deposed .
syria &apos;s leaders also continue to dismiss demands from within lebanon for an end to syria &apos;s 28-year military presence .
what good are cheap prices , which serve mainly to subsidize the same subscription holders , if there are no seats ?
for americans , there is the additional question of what to do when the big-box store phenomenon has run its course .
international financial liberalization , for example , has undermined the use of more inclusive and targeted developmental credit to promote desired economic activities .
we will not defeat or even contain fanatical terror unless we can carry the war to the territories from which it is launched .
can these issues be addressed now , when the economic slowdown in most advanced countries makes most politicians focus on short-term fixes ?
but over the last decade , latin american politicians have made presidential systems more flexible by finding innovative ways to remove unpopular presidents .
roh &apos;s populist and nationalist stance will be swiftly and sorely tested by reality when he assumes power in february .
over the past 25 years in europe , unemployment rose as monetary policy was tightened and interest rates were raised to fight inflation .
moreover , the audience may come to appreciate an adventuresome repertoire the more it becomes exposed to it .
it is now abundantly clear that national governments ( especially those of large countries ) will never accept substantial limitations on their fiscal discretion .
then , contagion within and across markets can work in a downward direction , propelling prices lower for years .
then the east asian currency crisis put further action on hold and raised serious questions about when--and whether--to proceed .
the us , also victim of a horrendous attack , feels drawn to the world but not to promote a similar model of cooperation .
however , monetary policy is a much more awkward , indirect and imprecise way of choosing winners and losers than fiscal policy .
both call upon latin american societies to invest more in their people , so that latin americans can join the cutting edge of global productivity .
political developments in czechoslovakia during the last 20 years of communism set the czech republic and slovakia apart from both poland and hungary .
twenty-five years after john paul ii left poland for rome , we poles remain grateful to him for having helped us regain our freedom .
looking ahead to the post-kyoto world offers us the chance to start a new dialogue and to look at new options on climate change .
here , europe acts like america , which has long talked the rhetoric of free trade , while its actions have long ignored the principles .
an effective strategy must accomplish two tasks : encourage investment in non-traditional areas , and weed out projects and investments that fail .
any us foreign policy must combine interests and values , because the american public always insists that us national objectives be linked to national ideals .
sometimes parliaments wish to act quickly , and perhaps must do so , but as a rule they take enough time to examine issues fully .
today , some politicians want to capitalize on eastern europe &apos;s desire to be part of europe to reopen historical issues to their political advantage .
the ecb must not make the same mistake , even bearing in mind that the two central banks operate in different milieus and under different constraints .
astbury , meanwhile , moved to leeds in 1928 , where he also began working on amino acids and proteins .
why not , for example , entrust an independent bureaucracy with some redistributive goals or control over the level of public investment or deficit management ?
europeans subdued amerindian populations and also brought in massive numbers of slaves from africa , especially to the caribbean basin and brazil .
women &apos;s status has improved , and girls enjoy equal access to education , with even higher enrollment rates than boys in many countries .
in particular , the central issue is how far the old member states are willing to pay to boost the less developed economies of the new members .
these budgetary costs ( exclusive of interest ) amount to $ 652 billion in our conservative estimate and $ 799 billion in our moderate estimate .
economic globalization has , however , outpaced political globalization ; the processes for decision making are far from democratic , or even transparent .
this can be done by showing that the iraqis were simply hiding the evidence at sites visited by the inspectors and declared free of weapons .
for example , economists estimate that the food section of wal-mart charges 25 % less than a typical large supermarket chain .
my office is open not only to russian citizens , but to foreigners and stateless people who feel their political rights have been compromised .
indeed , generational differences were the deciding factor in the race , replacing the regional sentiments that dominated every presidential race before this one .
nor have stabilization and structural adjustment programs , imposed since the 1980 &apos;s , delivered on their promise of achieving higher economic growth .
the response of some countries within the region was truly impressive , showing how far they had come in establishing efficient and effective governments .
they should also increase their focus on scientific and technological training and encourage a higher proportion of students to go on to university education .
by limiting strategic missile defense , the old treaty provides a certain predictability of deterrence for all nuclear weapon states .
john paul ii demonstrated that moral force was a weapon potent enough to undo yalta &apos;s division of the world .
but this does not seem to be what the german electorate wants , and this makes the complexion of german politics four years from now incalculable .
there should also be an explanation , if weapons of mass destruction are uncovered at other sites , as to why the inspectors could not have found such weapons in a realistic period of time .
surveys undertaken by the world bank in developing countries show that , when poor people are asked to name the three most important concerns they face , &quot; good health &quot; is always mentioned .
right now , rich countries are changing the world &apos;s climate by emitting billions of tons of carbon dioxide each year from the use of coal , oil , and natural gas .
although the current governing coalition , consisting of conservatives and populists , has been successful , the real reckoning for hungary &apos;s right may still be yet to come .
the soviet empire was wrestled to the ground , and eastern europe liberated , not by the un but by the mother of all coalitions , nato .
this is the very meaning of the word &quot; solidarity , &quot; as defined in the oxford english dictionary : &quot; unity resulting from feelings and sympathies . &quot;
and i don &apos;t agree with friends of mine who turn their noses down at wal-mart stores , and claim never to have visited one .
in kosovo , such clarity is and has been absent ; as a result , nato and the un have no clear idea about when and how both should leave .
but first , all countries must integrate climate concerns into policy planning , and improve their governance in key sectors such as energy , infrastructure , and transport .
in the eyes of many , that would amount to america opting out of the structure of nuclear arms control built in the latter part of the cold war .
beyond partnerships , international institutions add value-provided they are effectively organized , have realistic mandates , and contain members that are committed to common norms and aims .
moreover , for decades turkey has been a responsible member of many european institutions , and there is no reason to believe that it would act differently in the eu .
another , more plausible theory is that over the past fifteen years there have been various external challenges or shocks that have hit the country simultaneously .
first , youth may not take advantage of cheap tickets to the extent that they are not interested in going to hear live classical music at any price .
the accession countries have upheld their end of the bargain , achieving a degree of trade integration with eu countries that is even higher than many current members .
to be sure , an unexpected slowdown in economic activity or a strong rise in the value of the euro could postpone the inevitable rate hike .
the uneasy partnership of prime minister tony blair and chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown is a good example of this tactic .
he is rushing to hold a national referendum this month on a new constitution without serious parliamentary debate or the usual public education .
while this threat lacks credibility ( it would harm russian interests most ) it has a certain logic .
second , again as the <<unk>> tics warned , over-claimers rarely pay penalties for being wrong .
that he overcame this obstacle without changing his stance on engaging north korea means that times have radically changed .
there are many lessons that emerge from the tsunami that brought such devastation and loss of life to asia .
czech prime minister milos zeman quickly demonstrated that he , too , could play a demagogic nationalist card .
add the practical difficulties of broken-down roads and few cars and trucks , and economic isolation follows .
granted , it is not easy to create methods of keeping score that are credible across the spectrum of reasonable opinion .
today &apos;s asian policymakers confront a very different environment from that faced by their predecessors fifty years ago .
it is now standard practice for international organizations publishing a report to involve all the &quot; stakeholders &quot; and to reflect their opinions .
with no more than 35 % of the vote , schröder &apos;s &quot; red-green &quot; coalition would have suffered a disaster .
such questions were never so urgent in the past , partly because fundamental democratic values were less abstract than they seem nowadays .
unlikely as it may be in view of turkey &apos;s deeply rooted secularism , such a risk cannot be totally excluded .
this is why they should commit their cruelest deeds in the first year and soften up as the next election approaches .
with all the attention devoted to strained transatlantic relations , it is easy to overlook how often our preoccupations overlap .
france and germany are not an axis aspiring to be some sort of an alternative leadership to the us .
if serbia wants to join the west , it must not forsake that opportunity by trapping itself in its nationalist past .
as neither germany &apos;s unions nor its welfare state would accept falling wages , the result was higher unemployment and slower growth .
countries , like thailand , that felt that they could handle the finances on their own asked that assistance be directed to others .
the response , at least at the time of this column &apos;s writing , has mostly been deafening silence .
nato &apos;s intervention in kosovo is a precedent that us secretary of state colin powell used to justify the war with iraq .
given the terrible costs , i hope that this war will prove justified , though i have my doubts based on the current evidence .
what we need is the right system from the beginning , so that we can rationally manage risks that span several generations .
governments must also begin to offer &quot; second chances &quot; for young people who have fallen behind due to difficult circumstances or poor choices .
the ombudsman acts as a bridge between the authorities and the people , seeking to resolve conflicts that arise between state bodies and citizens .
this is why postcommunist societies do not demonstrate any nobility or disinterestedness that seriously contrasts with the west .
people feel safest investing in their homes , and there is little reason to expect imminent change .
even in this situation the political right has been quarrelsome , creating space for meciar &apos;s possible return to power .
malaria can be controlled through newly designed long-lasting mosquito nets and a new generation of effective medicines .
indeed , even in countries with high primary-school completion rates , many young people do not attend secondary school .
its estimate falls so far short because the reported numbers do not even include the full budgetary costs to the government .
for example , office of management and budget director mitch daniels put the number at $ 60 billion .
short-term capital outflows--which might occur should either risk worsen--could create greater output volatility .
the paraphrasing would subtly change blix &apos;s comments to suit america &apos;s case for war .
but the results of a 20-year research project now suggest that the <<unk>> tics are closer to the truth .
clearly , the world &apos;s rich countries should carry the burden of dealing with climate change over the next generations .
the paradox here is that chávez &apos;s earlier example may provide the solution to today &apos;s standoff .
the fundamental question is whether full convertibility will encourage higher net inflows or outflows of capital .
anyone who thinks we are building a european rival to america has not looked properly at the facts .
only a democratic mechanism for conflict resolution that has an uncertain outcome has any chance of being adopted .
the old adage that &quot; an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure &quot; applies with particular force to monetary policy .
zhao ziyang &apos;s death reminds us not only of how unjustly he was treated , but of how lopsided china &apos;s reforms have been .
hungary &apos;s political right has suffered mainly from differences between conservative and populist forces on the one hand , and traditional , mainly urban , liberals on the other .
certainly , according to sharon &apos;s thinking , there is no future for 9,000 jewish settlers living among 1.2 million palestinians in the gaza strip .
indeed , eu institutions &apos; current paternalistic stance towards the accession countries threatens to create a two-tier europe that will complicate the task of integration .
former yukos ceo mikhail khodorkovsky &apos;s lawyers have sent a complaint to the european court for human rights in strasbourg .
to attempt negotiations under these circumstances would not only be an exercise in futility , but may merely deepen alienation and suspicion on both sides .
it presupposed moral agnosticism and a plurality of meanings , none of which are sacred or compulsory to all .
an independent fiscal authority could arguably implement a society &apos;s long-term goals in these areas better than politicians , who have their eyes on the next election .
both discoveries--dna structure and protein structure--were made at cambridge university &apos;s cavendish laboratory .
now these societies must cope not only with vast urban centers , but also with the very different talents and demands of urbanized people .
pressure from the group of friendly nations may induce both sides to accept this last chance to avoid a political and economic meltdown .
other tropical diseases also can be controlled , and practical technologies for safe drinking water can dramatically reduce diarrheal diseases .
indeed , it would be difficult to carry out critical dimensions of us foreign policy-from trade to non ? proliferation to environmental policy-without them .
but , however compelling the cause of humanitarian military intervention , such actions must be brought under the umbrella of the un charter .
then , to a minister , without exception , they all but decided that their economies should suffer more of the same , if not worse .
many governments are so fearful of their farmers that they see no other option than to hold their ground , no matter what .
italy &apos;s presidency of the european union bears an enormous responsibility , namely reinvigorating enlargement as the key aspect of the new eu .
only by bringing shimon peres &apos;s labor party into his cabinet did sharon manage to retain his parliamentary majority .
indeed , many ordinary people now view the us presence , and not north korea &apos;s communist regime , as the biggest obstacle to unification .
remarkably , roh won the election despite north korea &apos;s decision to reactivate nuclear reactors that had been frozen since 1994 .
the main purpose of his new constitution is its preamble , which enshrines kosovo as an inalienable part of serbia .
at the very least , investors clearly do not fear that high debt will lead governments to stoke inflation by printing more money .
as a rule however , referenda measure the popularity of political leaders at a particular moment , regardless of the issue at stake .
after all , the history of missile defense is a tale of technology constantly disappointing its advocates in and out of government .
europe is doing badly , they argue , not because of their own failure to lead the structural reform process , but because interest rates are too high .
i was receiving a gift--itself merely another demonstration of the president &apos;s arbitrary exercise of power--not proof of respect for moral principles .
the gulf coast of mexico and central american countries has repeatedly experienced such tragedies , with poor communities the most vulnerable and the least able to cope .
the confusion has been made complete by the existence of relatively strong nationalist and populist parties that use the numerous polish farmers as their electoral base .
elections can be made legitimate through a constitutional amendment shortening the presidential term , as proposed by jimmy carter in his recent mediation effort .
democracy does nurture some common values , but they are overwhelmingly liberal values - in other words , individual rights trump collective obligations .
the governing council is in danger of running out of adjectives -- as well as credibility -- if it does not act soon .
the rules that govern politicians &apos; behavior must not be written as if disinterested , well-intentioned public servants will apply them .
in latin america , the global technological revolution is much less discussed , and national policies to promote science and technology are rarely given prominence .
mobile phones , local wireless internet , and more paved roads could do much to break the economic isolation of africa &apos;s villages .
individuals can be involved for profit and power , or for political and religious reasons , while others participate for hate or thrills .
so it is vital for india to increase the inward flow of long-term capital , regardless of whether the capital account is closed or open .
moreover , fertility rates have fallen sharply , to a point where populations in many countries will probably level off in coming decades .
at least , that is what we should do , if our actions are based on some moral principle , rather than that of leonid brezhnev : what we have , we hold .
the second worry is that , as nato and the eu expand , these ugly debates will infect relations within these international bodies .
but successful interactions between these sectors cannot be wished into existence , and it is essential that the role of each is clearly defined .
in 2003 alone , almost 40,000 social democrats left their party , a hemorrhaging previously unheard of .
indeed , throughout the 1990s , despite rising output , deflation occurred , which means that india &apos;s potential output is expanding .
an effective democracy must give them enough time to win the support of those elected to legislate and to carry out their program .
empowering as many members citizens as possible is likely to instill a widespread sense of purpose into efforts to move countries forward .
the situation of the political right in each central european country is also influenced by experiences that are rooted in history and tradition .
this is why i suggested to putin that chechnya have its own regional rights ombudsman who would spend all his time there .
yet it has failed to exercise the kind of leadership needed to create a new world order based on principles like fairness .
as democracies mature they become ever more practiced at managing opinion , and in many cases , at shaping opinion .
northern kosovo , now largely under belgrade &apos;s control , must not be partitioned off in all but name .
at this point , uncharitable <<unk>> tics chortle that we get the media we deserve .
however , if western governments do not develop a deep understanding of how these structures operate , they stand no chance of combating the agile terrorist enterprise .
indeed , his new interior minister , ghazi kanaan , an old-school hardliner , spearheaded a crackdown on reformers and kurds in the past year or so .
their thoughts retrace the economic thinking of over fifty years ago , a time when economists concluded that the thing to do with deflation was to avoid it like the plague .
judging from the outcome of last month &apos;s meeting of the ecb &apos;s governing council , that &quot; ounce of prevention &quot; appears to be right around the corner for the euro-zone economy .
as long as these maneuvers do not proliferate and turn into easy ammunition for the opposition of the moment , they may provide a safety valve for presidential systems .
the fractious opposition will need to go beyond rejection of chávez , elaborate a program for the country &apos;s reconstruction , and unite behind an attractive candidate .
four years ago , chávez deviated from the old constitution by using a plebiscite to engineer a new one , tailor-made for him .
love them or hate them , what is undeniable is that wal-mart is the quintessential example of the costs and benefits of modern globalization .
its problems originate in the communist era , when a trade union movement , which under normal circumstances should stand to the political left , became the main anti-communist opposition .
he alone seemed to incarnate the combination of reassuring strength and vision to carry the majority of israelis behind him in a process of unilateral disengagement .
the first has been around for centuries : the social divisions that trace their origins back to the european conquest over native americans in the sixteenth century .
his sympathizers glorify chávez as a defender of the poor besieged by a selfish , coup-plotting elite .
max perutz , a chemistry graduate from vienna , arrived in cambridge in 1935 to work as a graduate student with bernal .
this is exactly what the european commission did recently by providing its first strategy for a post-kyoto era , which will be discussed by the european council next march .
being extremely conservative , we estimate the overall effect on the economy if only $ 5 or $ 10 of the increase is attributed to the war .
but even in our euphoria , we did not expect how much the new pope would change not only poland , but the world .
now , with countless private interest groups trying to water it down into irrelevance , the battle will be firmly on the eu &apos;s agenda in 2006 .
excluded and facing bleak life prospects , young people , in particular , often experience anomie and may turn to anti-social behavior , including violence .
but we must also establish an autonomous european military planning capacity , because the eu might need to lead its own operations , perhaps because nato is unwilling to .
this would require increasing investments in energy research and development for new and improved technologies -- a process that needs to be supported by stronger public-private partnerships .
the fourth shock was eastern eu enlargement , which has brought extraordinary chances for trade and investment in the east , but has also brought massive low-wage competition .
indeed , in much of the world , such economic reforms have actually undermined growth rates as well as the progressive role of government , while otherwise increasing overall inequalities .
this trend exposes candidate countries &apos; real economies to precisely the risk of a capital flow reversal and currency crisis that early euro adoption was meant to eliminate .
the ecb should not try to balance inflation in the south and east with deflation in the north in order to hit artificial continent-wide targets .
water infrastructure can and must be developed in parallel with sound institutions , good governance , great attention to the environment , and an equitable sharing of costs and benefits .
latin america may be known for its &quot; macho &quot; culture , but women increasingly participate in the labor force and attain prominent political and social positions .
consequently , entrepreneurship of this type--learning what can be produced--will typically be under-supplied in the absence of non-market incentives .
in iraq , since the fall of baghdad on april 9 , 2003 , damascus has shown undue nostalgia for the old system .
the irony , of course , was that most of the 15 old member states had refused to give the new members full and immediate access to the western job markets .
global demand for fish consumption is growing , and so , too , is the global capacity to catch fish , driving some species to the point of extinction .
the size of these transfers , however , would depend on the eu &apos;s financial policies at the time of admission , the outcome of accession negotiations , and economic developments in turkey .
it is ironic that the candidate countries are being lectured to by officials at the ecb and the european commission on the trade-off between nominal and real convergence .
for 20 years , i have been wrong : west european polities have remained stable despite the exclusion of a large proportion of citizens from meaningful participation in much of economic life .
the rate of price growth in london and new york slowed sharply over the past year , to only about a 1 % real increase in the second quarter of 2004 .
if president bush , as he has hinted , now favors a different design , it will take even more time to develop the architecture and devise a test program .
leftist parties in various central european countries , indeed , have often turned out to be more successful in reforming because they , paradoxically , have greater legitimacy in this respect .
for the ecb , an increase of 50 basis points could do the job at this point -- after which rates could probably be put on hold for some time .
but the fact is that the advance of democracy historically entailed the erosion of shared values and the rise of individual autonomy .
america &apos;s aid still appeared niggardly when compared with the amounts offered by countries with a fraction of america &apos;s economic wealth .
most people live near the coasts , with good access to international trade , and most live in cities - another advantage for growth .
spontaneous reporting rates to regulatory agencies are low -- approximately 1 % -- and ongoing monitoring is passive in many countries .
but when enemies are merely threatening , it is better first to assert legitimacy , and thus acquire some credibility at home and abroad .
in the 1930s , the pet hate of some central european countries was &quot; the versailles order . &quot;
the moves towards full capital-account convertibility have proceeded in step with impressive growth in india &apos;s foreign-currency reserves .
rather , in defending their values and security , americans strive to defend the world , especially the western world , from dark new threats .
this will cause obvious hardship , but it will also hold back the economic growth needed for millions of people to escape poverty .
governments without adequate capacity to exercise leadership over their private sectors are likely to mess things up rather than improve allocation of resources .
in germany , chancellor angela merkel is obviously more positive on europe and more pro-reform than her predecessor , but she is tied up in a grand coalition .
using an initial period of growth to experiment and innovate on these fronts can pay high dividends later on .
good governance can enhance this positive-sum game , and ensure that companies and individuals within countries partake of the benefits .
they know how to stoke momentum in an argument by multiplying reasons why they are right and others are wrong .
governments cannot substitute for parents or for communities , but they can encourage young people and their families to invest in themselves .
whether the security council will approve independence largely depends on averting a russian veto , which will require considerable diplomatic effort .
the job can be done , but economic growth requires more than eliciting a temporary boost in investment and entrepreneurship .
switzerland , with its generally slower pace and its thorough political debates before votes are held , may be the exception .
they assigned probabilities of 70 % to bleak scenarios that materialized only 12 % of the time .
in short , even our &quot; moderate &quot; estimate may significantly underestimate the cost of america &apos;s involvement in iraq .
in politics this can be dangerous , because it encourages basing decisions , no matter how weighty , on whatever popular opinion momentarily prevails .
trichet appeared to be calling for a pre-emptive approach when he said , &quot; we must not allow second-round effects to materialize . &quot;
of course , these indicators do have a legitimate role to play in explaining housing markets , but they are simply not adequate to account for the recent booms .
the ties that bind us together were frayed by forty years of soviet domination , but this did not fundamentally change these states &apos; european character .
in order to make the &quot; war &quot; paradigm fit , the bush administration alludes to al-qaeda as a centrally directed enemy .
yet , in morocco , for example , more than 80 % of school children complete primary school , but fewer than 20 % have mastered the material .
the bush administration argues that , because the cold war is over , the formal disappearance of the abm treaty would not mean a loss of nuclear stability .
for contemporary democrats , the fullest possible respect for the autonomous individual is , as thomas jefferson put it , &quot; self-evident . &quot;
after all , party leaders rarely evince their personal feelings in public , much less transgress the party line as brazenly as zhao did .
second , the public &apos;s faith in glamorous international cities has increased with the explosive growth in global communications due to the internet and the cell phone .
indian companies listed abroad can buy property in foreign countries , and resident firms will be allowed to pre-pay external commercial debt up to us $ 100 million .
these and other cities have been booming pretty much ever since ; prices in most are up at least 50 % in real terms since 2000 .
the world bank has been instrumental in advancing carbon finance as a viable development tool , and in facilitating private-sector participation in the market .
while the forces were deployed for a flexible entry and withdrawal , the bush administration ended up using them for an old-fashioned occupation .
it is another when the european project means that french workers face competition from polish plumbers , romanian farmers , and turkish shop clerks .
it is a sad conclusion to a presidency , launched six-months ago , with blair &apos;s claim that he was a &quot; passionate pro-european &quot; .
this would be disastrous for europe &apos;s economic recovery , as the ecb would have no choice but to slam down hard on the monetary brakes .
still others say that while it is clearly essential to restore economic growth , the recovery must occur ``within the spirit of the pact . &apos; &apos;
a corollary is that public money makes it possible for adventuresome programming even if audience tastes run to the conservative side .
yemen , for its part , has no perennial surface water ; its citizens depend entirely on rainfall , groundwater , and flash flooding .
indeed , many europeans , and others , will view holmes &apos;s video simulation of wal-mart &apos;s spread as a horror film .
tony blair , british prime minister , electrified the world of european politics by telling the european parliament that he was a &quot; passionate pro-european &quot; .
but continuing opposition by eu institutions has led most candidate countries to abandon the idea of adopting the euro unilaterally or as quickly as possible after entering the union .
the same will be true of how the world best addresses manmade climate change -- another of those seemingly intractable global problems .
in the absence of a credible democratic left party , czech center-right politicians had the upper hand , and were relatively united , until 1997 .
whether they posed any real threat outside iraq &apos;s borders , or would have been used in the absence of the current war , must still be assessed .
the development challenges in africa are just one example of how tough societal problems can be addressed by the design and spread of improved technologies .
this rentrée is also marked ( on both sides of the atlantic ) by the return of worries about how classical music is financed .
everyone should want today &apos;s undivided europe to build on these accomplishments , rather than for generations of high unemployment to jeopardize them .
the us is said to be extremely angry at syria &apos;s refusal to withdraw its forces from lebanon in line with a united nations resolution .
this congruence of interest and agreement on the rules of international order offers a promising foundation for managing the common challenges that confront us all .
hedgehogs are big-idea thinkers in love with grand theories : libertarianism , marxism , environmentalism , etc .
so chastened by the trauma of june 4 was the party leadership that , for several years afterwards , it was unclear if any reform would survive .
with the world focused on iraq , north korea , and a possible clash with iran over nuclear weapons , kosovo has fallen off the radar screen .
the most important of confidence-building measures , a modification of the abm-treaty to allow for limited missile defense , is being explored .
monetary policy can be used to stimulate an economy just as much as fiscal policy , if not more , in election years , which politicians will always want to do .
they sprinkle their conversations with linguistic qualifiers that limit the reach of their arguments : ‘ but , &apos; ‘ however , &apos; ‘ although . &apos;
linked to eu <<unk>> tics like italy &apos;s berlusconi and austria &apos;s <<unk>> ssel-haider coalition , the very nature of european politics may turn decidedly nasty .
others say that this is not an option in khodorkovsky &apos;s case - being very rich , he could easily jump bail and flee abroad .
the most dangerous of these states are those that possess weapons of mass destruction , the chemical , biological , and nuclear weapons that can kill not hundreds or thousands but hundreds of thousands .
america has not won the hearts and minds of those in iraq ; indeed , it has lost them , just as it has lost the hearts and minds of much of the world .
the slow growth of the eastern part of the country has pulled down the germany-wide average , while the enormous demand for public funds in the east has increased public debt .
this gap between human rights and the behavior of rulers has brought about the greatest shift in the conduct of international affairs in our time--the advent of &quot; humanitarian intervention . &quot;
because concepts of human rights remain rudimentary , the best that can be hoped for is that awareness will slowly begin to take hold .
the bush administration &apos;s face-saving rhetoric that it had rushed to push together the core group in the absence of other efforts was quietly let to pass .
following the 1991 balance of payments crisis , the rupee &apos;s exchange rate was devalued around 20 % .
limits on exporters &apos; foreign-currency accounts will be removed , and banks may invest in overseas money and debt markets .
are today &apos;s democracies virtuous enough to rally the energies - including self-sacrifice - needed to defeat their enemies ?
the second temptation is a purely military policy that fixates on physical strength without considering how to project greater credibility and fairness .
normally , a us defense project in its infancy would not cause the excitement nmd generates .
having lived and worked long enough in kosovo to see the outcome so far , i contend that such experiments require further research .
his fiercest opponents demonize chávez as an autocrat pursuing a cuban-style revolution and destroying democracy .
a virtual enterprise is any small group that self-assembles into an organization that is just large enough to accomplish the collective intention .
· penalties for drug companies &apos; failure to report and communicate safety information must be increased dramatically if they are to serve as effective deterrents ;
with the world becoming a global stage , the media &apos;s role in fueling the appetite for providential leaders is essential .
president hugo chávez clings to power despite the obvious failings of his government : severe economic deterioration and dangerous political polarization .
overthrowing a totalitarian regime and organizing elections may be hard , but the harder task is to go from voting to establishing a true democracy .
they will come later , and will depend on whether george bush and tony blair can justify their onslaught on a largely defenseless population .
healing today &apos;s divided world could start only with fresh political leadership in both the us and uk , and a strong assertion of un authority .
syrian officials believe that because the baath party is secular , the us will invariably support it against an islamist resurgence .
i am betting that some high-flying glamour cities will continue to see decelerating growth in home prices - and eventually decreases .
one consequence of this cynical treatment of political ideologies is the wild swings in voters &apos; preferences seen in various central european countries .
to build successful youth-friendly policies , governments need to focus on three policy areas : expanding opportunities , enhancing capabilities , and providing second chances for young people .
time-bound subsidy schemes , public venture funds , and export subsidization are some of the ways in which this approach can be implemented , but there are many others .
in another sense , however , it is valuable to think of governments as being in competition--providing a more effective service to their people than other governments .
a clear structure of formal rules is the best antidote to these flaws , for they bolster the informal customs on which so much in society depends .
moreover , the government has encouraged the leaders of bosnia &apos;s republika srpska to threaten to hold their own referendum on separation from a still fragile bosnia .
the accountants who compute government deficits try to keep politicians from fooling us into accepting the benefits they offer without understanding something of the future cost .
those who opposed the actions of the coalition in iraq usually fall back on the answer that &quot; order &quot; must have primacy over &quot; anarchy &quot; .
the international community has yet to figure out what to do with an aberrant member who fails to live up to its responsibilities as a global citizen .
even so , they are not immune to water-related disasters , as hurricane katrina &apos;s destruction of new orleans taught us .
of course , these fears are accompanied by the hope that structural reforms and monetary expansion work in harmony , boosting employment and output without raising inflation by much .
it is now the israeli left that , however reluctantly , realizes that sharon &apos;s new pragmatism may be the first step in the right direction .
so venezuela &apos;s polarization does not pit &quot; the poor &quot; against &quot; the oligarchy , &quot; but a populist against civil society .
and , while agricultural trade liberalization may enhance export earnings for some poor countries , the main beneficiaries will be the more well-to-do agricultural exporters .
what sympathy does the us agenda deserve , when president bush has ladled out tax cuts of hundreds of billions of dollars to the richest people in the world .
it was , of course , the death of former party chief hu yaobang , a liberal like zhao , which set off the protests in 1989 .
when the leaders of the world &apos;s richest nations gather in evian , france , one unasked question will dominate : what does america want in the world ?
now is the time for every major international agency and national government to assume responsibility for gaining the scientific and technological expertise that they will need in the twenty-first century .
they are an enormous boon to low-income consumers , partly compensating for the tepid wage growth that many of them have suffered during the past two decades .
it is especially difficult to attribute an adverse reaction to a drug if the medical event is common in the user &apos;s age group or in the condition being treated .
while brushing up the vocabulary and abbreviations of the age of superpower deterrence , they discover that such a world has gone .
in fact , the latin american members of the &quot; group of friendly nations &quot; trying to mediate this conflict can draw on interesting experiences to design such a solution .
given the expected upswing of turkey &apos;s economy and its declining birthrate , experts predict a figure of around 2.7 million immigrants by that point .
low farm yields can be addressed through improved seed varieties specially adapted for african conditions , combined with technologies for replenishing soil and managing water .
since communism &apos;s fall , center right parties in the czech republic , hungary , poland , and slovakia have suffered from disunity and a lack of vision .
talks continue , but , as un negotiator and former finnish president martti ahtisaari diplomatically told the security council , they are effectively dead .
since this is designed to defuse an exceptional crisis , it would not become a precedent that encourages frivolous attacks on latin america &apos;s democratically elected governments .
the truth is that economic policymakers are juggling sets of potential disasters , exchanging the one that appears most threatening for a threat that seems more distant .
this brings me to another key point : a workable exit strategy is just as important to the success of any future humanitarian intervention as the entry strategy .
the metaphor of a game--with rules and participants--leads many to think in terms of a competition between nations .
chinese have long since used the deaths of defrocked leaders as occasions to let out sentiments that can find no expression through the normal political process .
reconciling those goals would test even the most experienced and cynical of politicians , so it is anyone &apos;s guess as to whether president roh can succeed .
in other words , we must act in accordance with the recognition that climate change and its effects on people in both rich and poor countries remains a threat to global security .
for the first time , the ecb president was willing to admit publicly that the governing council had discussed the pros and cons of a rate hike at the meeting .
for three years , america &apos;s president has pursued a unilateralist agenda , ignoring all evidence that contradicts his positions , and putting aside basic and longstanding american principles .
in germany , the electorate seems poised to eject chancellor gerhard schroeder out of discontent with his tepid allegiance to the neo-liberal project .
on the other hand , critics point out that the world today is poor : average annual gdp per capita at purchasing power parity is roughly $ 7,000 .
by contrast , zhao embodied a chapter in chinese history when to be a reformer meant to take on not only the economy , but every aspect of life .
the madrid , london , and bali attacks , as well as several thwarted operations in the united states and britain , were all characterized by their dispersed organization .
at the recent world trade organization ( wto ) meeting in cancun , the developing countries put america--and europe--on notice that this system can no longer continue .
if young people are not to become stuck in dead-end jobs , or end up without jobs at all , they need better education and skills that match those needed by employers .
this lack of foresight about and planning for the aftermath of armed intervention is not only dangerous to the people who have ostensibly been &quot; saved &quot; ; it is counterproductive .
even without the tsunami , this debt burden would have been an enormous hindrance to the country &apos;s development as it finally recovers from the aftermath of the 1997 financial crisis .
september is traditionally the time when opera companies and orchestras return to their home cities from aix , salzburg , tanglewood , and countless other summer festivals .
in the euphoric aftermath of the victory in world war two , the hope that security could be made collective was reposed in the un security council-with abject results .
premier orban &apos;s semi-successful efforts to unify the right under the banner of fidesz are unique among eastern europe &apos;s fractured and fractious rightist parties .
all european countries probably believed at the outset that non-european newcomers could be assimilated in the same way that polish immigrants were assimilated into germany &apos;s ruhr region in the nineteenth century .
extreme rainfall variations , floods , and droughts can have huge social and economic effects and result in the large-scale loss of life .
politicians don &apos;t understand science , and rarely seek the advice of scientists and engineers in addressing major issues .
so , at last former chinese premier and communist party general secretary zhao ziyang has died .
bush &apos;s &quot; us and them &quot; rhetoric clearly defines an &quot; other &quot; and positions it as a cohesive enemy .
in sub-saharan africa , most economies failed to respond to the adjustment programs demanded by the imf and world bank .
adopting the euro would give them a great way to escape such risks and focus on creating real growth in their economies .
just as citizens in a democracy continuously learn to participate , democratic governments continuously learn how to get their way despite the participation .
we must recognize and confront this problem to prevent established democracies from atrophying and to help new democracies become more effective .
yet to this day , syrian officials privately say that they don &apos;t think the us is serious about a withdrawal .
is it because they are sometimes close to being illiterate even after primary school , or because it is unaffordable ?
kosovo has subsequently become an international experiment in society building , led by the un interim administration mission in kosovo ( unmik ) .
bangladesh &apos;s female secondary stipend program was successful in helping girls aged 11 to 14 to delay marriage and remain in school .
now , though , it looks like i may finally be right -- or at least right to worry , if not to panic .
when eu leaders met last spring to assess progress , they pitifully recognized that the lisbon strategy &apos;s goal was unlikely to be met .
the messianic idealism that liberated europe from nazism and protected western europe from communism is now directed at other enemies .
this is not entirely healthy , as our interdependent world is not a zero-sum game , where one country &apos;s gain is another &apos;s loss .
the bank is focused on representing the interests of its borrowing countries , helping them to develop assets for carbon trading according to their own priorities .
nor can we claim , as we used to , that our values spring from god , nature , reason , or historical laws .
but inequalities at the national level have deepened in most countries in recent years , largely due to economic liberalization at both the national and international levels .
europe and the us must pursue their aims in cooperation , while ensuring that such cooperation never becomes an alliance of the &quot; west against the rest . &quot;
for example , structural reforms in europe are thought impossible to enact unless imposed by some reincarnation of margaret thatcher .
this came after assad last september imposed an unconstitutional extension of lebanese president emile lahoud &apos;s mandate , despite french and american warnings .
russians seem to care less about political freedom than they do about social welfare - pensions , domestic violence , children &apos;s rights , or police brutality .
in other places - for example , guatemala and parts of the andean region - social divisions remain fraught with violence and distrust .
the great breakthroughs of 1953 rested on the strength of experimental physics at cambridge , beginning in the late 19th century .
so president vaclav havel courageously argued during his first trip to germany in january 1990 , but his comments were mistaken for weakness .
they fail to see that american officials regard syria as complicit in the activities of islamist terrorist groups in the palestinian territories , iraq , and lebanon .
many european union countries are worried about the implications of taking away a country &apos;s territory , as well as the impact of kosovo &apos;s independence on serbian democracy .
given serbia &apos;s political instability , they question the harm of a short-term postponement -- albeit mostly self-inflicted .
consider the many second generation indian and pakistani britons who are now seen in business suits carrying laptop computers and flying around the world .
it provides a forum in which to negotiate new trade liberalization agreements , seek remedies against protectionist and discriminatory policies , and resolve disputes with trading partners .
these books ( and the trends they indicate ) are becoming less dogmatic and increasingly sophisticated in the adoption of modern management techniques .
when chief executives with fixed terms of office lose political support , they cannot be removed through a no-confidence vote , as in parliamentary systems .
the eu cannot simply proclaim &quot; solidarity &quot; as a core value and then do nothing to foster it among those who feel marginalized .
unfortunately , the research program was cancelled before its findings could be applied in the business world , almost certainly because it threatened large companies .
when you buy a car from general motors , 80 cents from each dollar goes to gm , which mostly only manages itself .
the us wants to retain control of the occupation , but it wants others to receive the bullets now mowing down american soldiers .
missile defense is not a threat to us-russian strategic stability ; its mishandling is a threat to political predictability .
during all these years , european governments consistently confirmed turkey &apos;s eligibility for full membership , making accession dependent on compliance with membership criteria .
these two imperatives are inherently contradictory , but the balance between them is still best achieved through representative , parliamentary democracy .
the ill will orban &apos;s gambit inspired brought to a halt much of the regional cooperation of the last decade .
moreover , some of the debt was incurred as part of the 1997-1998 crisis , which was aggravated and deepened by imf-imposed policies .
particularly for those countries that have adopted the euro , government spending on the arts will be constrained for some time by the requirement that fiscal deficits be kept to 3 % of gdp .
europe and the rest of the world will have to do their part--abiding by these principles themselves , and giving each other , and america , a shove in the right direction .
one theory , endorsed by the head of germany &apos;s ruling social democratic party , franz müntefering , is that germany is already where the others still want to be .
of course , with reduced public spending on the performing arts , not only will there be greater reliance on private money , but ticket prices will have to rise as well .
whereas americans depend upon tax-deductible private donations and box office receipts to finance live classical music , europeans prefer direct government support for the arts .
northern european countries--particularly germany and the netherlands--prided themselves on traditionally maintaining moderate debt-to-gdp ratios and relatively low interest rates .
inflating this political damage is the fact that , thirty years ago , the us and the then soviet union renounced effective defense against strategic nuclear missiles .
western citizens do not rush to emulate the freedom fighters who built their world , despite celebrations , memorials , and the persistence of oppression .
one impulse behind america &apos;s international engagement , and one of the great sources of its global power , has been its enduring impulse to make the world a better place .
indeed , prime minister vojislav kostunica , the apostle of serbian nationalism , has been trying in every way to undermine kosovo &apos;s interim government .
the iraq war was an immense &quot; project , &quot; yet it now appears that the analysis of its benefits was greatly flawed and that of its costs virtually absent .
it &apos;s almost as if the communist party had turned marx on his head , replacing religion with profit as the new &quot; opium of the masses . &quot;
the role of government--the only actor possessing the legitimacy of a popular mandate--is fundamentally important in steering a society forward .
but reckless use of either mechanism for short-term goals may create long-term costs , justifying some restrictions on politicians &apos; latitude in influencing macroeconomic policies .
pundits who make it into newspaper opinion pages or onto television and radio must have good track records ; otherwise , they would have been weeded out .
over the last decade , germany has been the slowest growing economy in the european union , and europe has been the slowest growing continent in the world .
john paul ii undoubtedly keeps a distance from liberal economic ideas and the liberal state , which he often charges with permissiveness and moral relativism .
as bulgaria and romania come closer to membership , and with accession talks with turkey and croatia set to begin , it has become increasingly important to challenge that view .
the united states and its european friends have repeatedly stated their intent to make the difficult decision before the end of the year on whether to separate kosovo from serbia .
it is hard to imagine , for example , how to &quot; make poverty history &quot; without also generating enough decent work , educational opportunities , and healthcare for all .
interestingly , the video shows how the stores spread out like petals of a flower , ever thickening and expanding .
what the world needs is a system of legal injunctions--bilateral and multilateral agreements , as well as appropriate monitoring and supervisory institutions--to regulate the use of force for humanitarian reasons .
such apathy makes my task as russia &apos;s ombudsman , an office charged by the state duma ( parliament ) with protecting political rights in russia , difficult , if not impossible .
deflation --a steady ongoing decline in prices-- gave businesses and consumers powerful incentives to cut spending and hoard cash .
europe has no trouble seeing the dangers of unilateralism in america &apos;s actions , in everything from abandoning kyoto to its refusal to join the international criminal court .
while politicians interpreted the law with a good deal of creativity in these instances , they usually did so to ensure the survival of fragile democracies facing a crisis .
the bush administration &apos;s growing impatience with syrian involvement in the iraqi insurgency is a major reason for syria &apos;s deteriorating relationship with the us .
negotiations this year in vienna , brokered by the united nations , showed that an agreed settlement between serbia and kosovo on &quot; final status &quot; will not happen .
beyond this , a basic failure of economic strategy has been largely overlooked , one that is reflected in a major difference between public policy discussions in latin america and asia .
today , economists are similarly troubled by unwanted ghosts , as they ponder the reappearance of economic ills long thought buried and dead .
but america &apos;s automakers love their gas-guzzlers , and bush &apos;s oil industry pals want no interference with their destruction of the planet &apos;s atmosphere .
as a legitimate iraqi authority emerges following the elections , the syrians will have to show foresight in jettisoning their pro-saddam acquaintances .
the world trade organization ( wto ) , supposedly run on the principle of one country one vote , actually has its agenda selected behind the stage by a small group of nations .
as a result , trade liberalization of manufactures has resulted in de-industrialization and greater unemployment in much of the world , as in the case of garments this year .
orban argued that revoking the &quot; benes decrees &quot; must be made a condition for the czech republic ( as well as slovakia ) joining the european union .
the basic idea was to solicit thousands of predictions from hundreds of experts about the fates of dozens of countries , and then score the predictions for accuracy .
william bragg graduated in mathematics in cambridge in 1884 , and became professor of physics in adelaide , australia .
our pension systems and our national budgets must be based on a ``generational accounting &apos; &apos; that assures that economic risk is spread systematically across generations .
as in so many other ways , things have turned out differently : the oil companies are the big winners , while the american and global economies are losers .
but if our civilization is worth defending , why is it that fundamentalists , of whatever stripe , have the most committed fighters on their side ?
but the post-war era in the world &apos;s most developed countries was one of unprecedented prosperity for the baby boom generation , which is now nearing retirement .
human mobility is limited , and turkey workers &apos; would probably be allowed to move freely within the eu only after a long transition period , possibly not before 2025 .
but , more importantly , when private incomes fall , government social-welfare expenditures rise , sparking a recovery in demand , output , investment , and employment .
can he walk the tightrope of maintaining security on the peninsula , keeping america engaged , and retaining the support of the voters who elected him ?
my tactical goal is thus to raise the public profile of the ombudsman &apos;s office , in order to win more respect and recognition by both citizens and the state .
the new government that voters will most likely elect in september will be confronted with the difficult task of confronting germans with reality and pushing through the necessary reforms .
the most important determinant of income inequality today is wealth inequality , with the increasing concentration of asset ownership in recent years principally responsible for greater income inequality in most countries .
this policy has deeply divided israel : the settlers -- mostly , but not exclusively religious -- feel betrayed by sharon , &quot; the father of the settlements . &quot;
nonetheless , current interest rates were described as &quot; still appropriate &quot; in october , signaling that the ecb has not yet reached a decision to bite the bullet .
lightly populated australia offered more than twice america &apos;s assistance , japan promised almost 50 % more , and europe pledged more than five times as much .
but the planning for the iraq invasion , in which rumsfeld advocated the use of fewer troops than advised , suggests a poor understanding of distributed systems .
when the nuclear plant issue was resolved , populist pressure was forced into a single channel , the demand to abrogate the benes decrees .
the immediate winner is franz müntefering , age 64 , the spd &apos;s parliamentary floor leader who will succeed schröder , as party chairman .
the next year , he was given excellent hemoglobin crystals and soon produced the best x-ray diffraction patterns to date .
the pact is already knocking germany into recession , and italy &apos;s government is struggling to revise its growth forecasts fast enough to keep up with falling output .
similarly , engineers have developed ways to capture the carbon dioxide that results from burning coal in power plants and store it safely underground .
it was initiated to create &quot; solidarités de fait , &quot; promote political stability , and consolidate democracy and europe &apos;s social model .
generally , these countries &apos; citizens enjoy services that provide for all water needs , from drinking to irrigation to sanitation .
several times before , schröder had been thoroughly energized by desperate situations when he stood with his back to the wall .
schröder &apos;s tragedy is that his power may further erode whatever way he chooses .
the most important strategic goal of my office is that people learn how to defend their rights better , and to make the authorities take the complaints of ordinary russians into consideration .
the european commission predicts that the french government deficit will reach 3.7 % of gdp this year , with germany &apos;s widening to 3.4 % --both figures well beyond the deficit cap ( 3 % of gdp ) set by the euro-zone &apos;s stability and growth pact .
indeed , the region is not poor by international standards , but rather stuck in the middle-income range between the world &apos;s poorest places and the high-income countries of north america , europe , and east asia .
but what seems clear is that the ecb used the october press conference to warn politicians , trade unions , and the markets that its long period of monetary-policy inactivity is coming to an end .
they pose a particular challenge in the developing world , where a demographic bulge equal to the great &quot; baby boom &quot; that occurred in the west at the end of world war ii is growing .
one way to overcome this chasm is to introduce into the un charter a new chapter devoted to human rights and to reformulate chapter iv , which concerns the use of force in international relations .
nearly all the creativity and problem solving occurs in small companies and is later &quot; integrated &quot; by mega-corporations , which have an expensive and vulnerable infrastructure , and keep most of the profit .
initially , even currency boards were considered unacceptable , although , as is often the case in europe , exceptions were made : countries with currency boards could keep them after entry into the eu .
unfortunately , the host of the 2000 summit was josé manuel barroso , then prime minister of portugal and current president of the european commission , who has staked his presidency on the lisbon strategy .
it arose initially outside established international institutions and the un system , originating with the french group , doctors without borders , which deemed human rights to be a value superior to national sovereignty .
some of these changes are important , but the role of the rich countries has been lopsided , focusing on everything except how to finance and introduce practical technologies to solve practical problems .
above all , the success of any comprehensive effort to improve drug safety hinges upon establishing an independent office of drug safety to advocate , coordinate , and provide direction to the regulatory agenda .
several countries now facilitate access to secondary schooling , in particular through &quot; conditional cash transfer programs , &quot; which offer a stipend to poor families whose children regularly attend school .
but it did the same for andrei sakharov and vaclav havel , who defended their supreme values with reference to , and in the language of , lay humanism .
it is incumbent upon bush and blair to prove their case , and to prove it in the face of worldwide suspicion that the us and uk security agencies might plant phony evidence .
they ruminated over the most recent economic forecast , which projects annual gdp growth in the euro zone this year at a pathetically anemic 0.7 % .
according to a recent world bank-supported survey of companies interested in carbon finance , only one in five respondents declared that they were interested in buying post-2012 emissions reductions .
of course , it seemed to take somewhat longer for news of the extent of the disaster to reach the crawford , texas , ranch of president bush .
yet no country , rich or poor , is keen to cut its energy use , owing to concern that to do so would threaten jobs , incomes , and economic growth .
in slovakia , where nationalist sentiments were an important political factor after 1989 , the political spectrum has not yet coalesced along standard right-left political axis .
in the interest of reducing the blow to serbia , the security council must avoid granting independence in ways that are so contorted that the new state cannot effectively function .
average annual per capita incomes in the us , japan , and western europe are currently around $ 40,000 , and less than $ 6,000 for the poorer half of the world &apos;s population .
in economic matters , disagreements on , say , a single eu regulation should not be allowed to mask the fact that no member state , new or old , has ever contested the internal market .
as it is , the ecb and the european commission are de facto supporting the positions of populist governments in eastern europe that are already spending the funds they hope to get in the future from the eu .
indeed , the combined size of the candidate countries &apos; economies is so small--around 6 % of the enlarged eu &apos;s gdp--that they cannot possibly exert any significant effect on the euro .
a second major advance came a few months later , when max perutz discovered a technique to determine the structures of large molecules like myoglobin and hemoglobin .
the research noted the conditions and triggers needed to facilitate the self-assembly of small opportunistic groups and enable them to act like large companies .
moreover , infighting among the socialists has dented one of their biggest political advantages : the hard-headed discipline and political professionalism inherited from their communist days .
so pervasive is this tension , in fact , that any chance of even beginning the much-needed reconciliation process must now be pushed far into the future .
when voters in france and the netherlands turned down the proposal for a constitution for the european union , the world knew that the european project was in deep trouble .
un soldiers should not bear the consequence of america &apos;s failure to manage the occupation , so us cries for financial help should fall on deaf ears .
those parts devoted to &quot; good works &quot; ( i.e. , the low-risk peacekeeping bureaucracies or those that fight aids and malaria or protect children ) will remain .
if true , drug-induced death would qualify as the fourth or fifth leading cause of death ( depending on which mortality estimates are used ) .
yet rather than address the front &apos;s demands and shape a healthy bilateral relationship between equal countries , syria has sought to divide the opposition and reassert control .
but the size of a country plays only a limited role in the eu &apos;s decision-making process , because political influence within the union depends more on economic power .
and the entry of big-box stores into a community crushes long-established retailers , often traumatically transforming their character .
the main political battles occur between nationalist / populist forces , whose outlook have in essence been undemocratic , and forces that struggle for standard democracy .
whatever hope exists that they can be persuaded to withdraw support or sanctuary from terrorists rests on the certainty and effectiveness with which they are confronted .
north korea &apos;s decision to expel un atomic energy inspectors is but another reason to view roh moo hyun &apos;s election as south korea &apos;s president two weeks ago as an historical watershed .
if no evidence of such weapons is produced , then both bush and blair deserve to be finished politically , no matter what else happens in iraq .
in 1909 he returned to britain to take up a chair at leeds , continuing his work on the nature of x-rays .
this will sometimes require that we use force against states that harbor terrorists , as we did in destroying the taliban regime in afghanistan .
it demonstrated the power of globalization , as television brought vivid pictures of the destruction to homes around the world .
america &apos;s unwillingness to provide small sums to wage peace contrasts sharply with the huge amounts congress quickly granted to wage war .
detection technology made it clear that iraq did not have nuclear weapons , as chief un inspector hans blix pointed out .
the dismantling of the eu &apos;s internal borders boosted each country &apos;s market size and brought about the predicted economies of scale .
it also requires effort to build four types of institutions required to maintain growth momentum and build resilience to shocks :
but orban is not alone in seeing electoral advantage in summoning the memories of old ghosts .
in terms of leadership style , schröder is a soloist ; müntefering a team player .
it began well , when spanish voters approved the draft european union constitution , but it turned sour when french and dutch voters spurned it soon after .
west european economies have continued to grow -- albeit not as rapidly as they might have -- despite bearing the heavy burden of the unemployed 10 % or more of the labor force .
what remains are the values linked to the global order , defense of which requires leading by example , not by narrow , legalistic initiatives aimed at crisis management or conflict resolution .
the longer energy prices remain at their current lofty levels , the greater the probability that inflationary expectations will increase and that second-round effects will materialize .
indeed , organizations that are officially committed to involving all nations in their decision making are often controlled by small groups of powerful nations , while others merely go through the motions of participation .
these judgments vary , depending on whether they are made by a drug company , which stands to benefit from sales , or a patient at risk of suffering a serious adverse effect .
should the extra &quot; global warming &quot; tax be $ 0.05 a gallon , $ 0.50 a gallon , or $ 1.50 a gallon ?
the chronic failure of the security council to enforce its own resolutions ( with respect to iraq ) is unmistakable : it is simply not up to the task .
the two-tier exchange-rate system acted as an export tax , but it did not survive for long , giving way to a unified exchange rate on the trade account .
monitoring rules and enforcement are important , but different ways of working--say , through public-private partnerships--are also increasingly being considered in many innovative asian economies .
chances that it gets the budget approved this year are slim , and , unless the dispute is resolved soon , the union will not have an operational budget by 2007 .
the standards we apply are not only those contained in russia &apos;s constitution , but also international legal principles and human rights norms , even if they sometimes contradict our constitution .
that fight is not over , but after my intervention , moscow &apos;s authorities must take into account the public &apos;s negative attitude to their effort to quash this publication .
granted , rich countries have a certain advantage : they benefit from generally moderate climates , with regular rainfall and relatively low risks of drought and flooding .
the events of 1989 remain so sensitive , and tiananmen square so securely guarded , that it is hard to imagine a protest happening there soon .
opposition groups in lebanon , as well as hariri supporters , openly accused syrian president bashar assad &apos;s regime of being responsible for the killing .
so now is the time to build , not disrupt or impede , the international institutions that will manage our response to global climate change in the years ahead .
whether a patient &apos;s death or hospitalization is due to a particular drug , the underlying illness , or a combination of the two can be hard to determine .
low-wage competition has led to substantial outsourcing and off-shoring activities that have kept german firms competitive by reducing their demand for domestic labor .
governance--the way in which decisions that affect the public interest are made--has emerged as a key factor in determining a country &apos;s pace of development .
by constantly pushing for lower interest rates than the ecb can deliver , politicians set the central bank up as a scapegoat for europe &apos;s poor economic performance .
many governments were initially <<unk>> tical about disengagement , but realized that -- as the washington saying goes -- &quot; this is the only game in town . &quot;
for example , the duma has taken far too long to enact a law on lobbying , which in most developed democracies clearly defines what constitutes acceptable and unacceptable behavior .
argentina , chile , and other countries could become high-tech agricultural producers , in the forefront of agro-biotechnology for example , if they put their minds to it .
government stipends for tuition and for new and enlarged universities can play a big role , as can investment in computers and information technology in schools and communities .
they may have suspended their freedom of fiscal maneuver long enough to launch the euro , but in normal times , national governments will reclaim their fiscal turf .
but if you look at the euro zone &apos;s economic problems today , the danger of high long-term nominal interest rates does not even rank among investors &apos; top ten concerns .
the economic liberalization carried out in much of the world in the last 25 years was a flawed policy from the start , and its consequences have become glaringly obvious .
they are not the ones who will be blamed for soaring prices , nor are they the ones who will have to force the inflation genie back into the bottle .
recent evidence that deaths and injuries would have been greatly reduced had better body armor been provided to troops suggests how short-run frugality can lead to long-run costs .
but us experience shows that getting artistic leaders like orchestra music directors to participate in fundraising need not be bad for the artistic side of the job .
second , even if they do want to go , they may not be able to get seats , which often are not available because subscriptions stay in the same hands year after year .
intra-european competition in services is restricted by innumerable national regulations that , for instance , strictly determine the requirements for becoming a hairdresser or a plumber .
but that doesn &apos;t mean that issues involving the preservation of life ( or a way of life ) , like defense , should not be subjected to cool , hard economic analysis .
the french may have invented the hyper mart -- the forerunner of the big-box store -- but they never intended to let their growth go unchecked .
improved aquaculture , in which fish are grown at manmade fishponds and reservoirs is still far from being a perfect technology , mainly for environmental reasons , yet it is enormously promising .
in latin america , about 15 % of the population -- roughly 76 million people -- do not have access to safe water , and 116 million people do not have access to sanitation services .
three of them--estonia , latvia , and lithuania--have currency boards or a fixed exchange rate with the euro , as does bulgaria , which is expected to enter the eu in 2007 .
nowadays it is often alleged that the european union &apos;s sense of solidarity was put in jeopardy , if not shattered outright , by its enlargement to take in the countries of central and eastern europe .
tony blair , once an ardent pro-european ( at least by britain &apos;s undemanding standards ) , might finally have to cede power to gordon brown , who is famously cold to european integration .
but in the new world of globalization , there is greater economic interdependence , which requires more collective action , rules and institutions , and an international rule of law .
in particular , voters were afraid that their jobs would be lost to hordes of eastern immigrants , exemplified in the image widely quoted at the time , of the low-cost polish plumber .
the lesson for india is that , in the event of a domestic or external shock , full convertibility could prove to be a costly , short-lived experiment .
focusing political will and the efforts of young people themselves to expand opportunities , enhance capabilities , and provide second chances can help countries make the most of today &apos;s demographic advantage .
he is a conservative who loves freedom and a &quot; peacemonger &quot; who condemns injustice , but who reminds us that mercy is more important than justice .
already , &quot; hybrid &quot; automobiles , which combine gasoline and battery power , can roughly double fuel efficiency , cutting carbon dioxide emissions by half .
every time hans blix commented on the un inspections of iraq that he was conducting , members of the bush administration would paraphrase what blix said .
this is why the us should encourage the development of a common european security and defense policy , which is merely the burden sharing that america has been pressing on europe for decades .
this requires more funding , which should come from the main beneficiary of drug sales -- the pharmaceutical industry -- just as oversight of aviation safety is funded by the airlines .
moreover , there are vast differences in terms of risks , rewards , and imperatives as one moves up the organizational chain , or jumps from cell to cell .
we can see this process in sharp relief when , following the philosopher sir isaiah berlin , we classify experts as &quot; hedgehogs &quot; or &quot; foxes . &quot;
the opposition prefers an &quot; up-or-down &quot; vote on chávez &apos;s continuation in office , which it would most likely win--and which chávez will never accept .
when politicians can control inflation by exercising decisive sway over central banks , they can use their power to devalue the burden of public debt , avoiding the need for more taxation to pay it off .
whenever proposals have surfaced for some sort of balanced-budget amendment to the us constitution , proponents have typically included exemptions not just for war , but also for recessions .
in iraq , the us used force as a last resort , against a country with a clear record of aggression , and after a large degree of international consensus had developed about what iraq needed to do .
totalitarian pressure did , indeed , form exceptional people such as john paul ii and alexander solzhenitsyn , people for whom religious faith bought freedom from mendacity and solitude .
but if those who built the post-world war ii international monetary system worked to guard against the dangers posed by panic-driven international financial crises , why are these financial devils back ?
they reiterated their commitment to the stability and growth pact , which requires euro-zone countries to raise taxes and cut spending , putting even more downward pressure on their economies .
the tone of ecb president jean-claude trichet &apos;s comments in the q &amp; a section of the press conference following the october meeting was unusually hawkish .
the main question nmd poses is not how to prepare for a future world of missile defense but how to dampen today &apos;s political concerns .
<<unk>> tics , however , warn that the mass media dictate the voices we hear and are less interested in reasoned debate than in catering to popular prejudices .
as for the eu , it must decide whether it wants to be a closed &quot; christian club &quot; or an open and inclusive society , drawing strength from cultural and religious diversity .
resident indians can now maintain a foreign-currency account and invest in shares of foreign companies , while non-resident indians can repatriate legacy / inheritance assets .
many of us believe that such an impossible wager can be fulfilled only by a providential man , with all the hopes -- and dangers -- that this entails .
at the same time , china seems so drugged on business nowadays that it is hard to imagine many people marching for a cause that would do nothing for their bottom line .
the september 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in the united states allegedly changed everything - not only international relations , but the balance between rights and obligations that we long took for granted .
the problem is that the electorate will then get four years of rule by a chancellor , angela merkel , whose commitment to the neo-liberal project is almost as strong as mine .
following the 1997 crisis , the state withdrew further from markets , acknowledging the limits to what it can achieve and the importance of allowing private enterprise to flourish .
health conditions are reasonably good , and all latin american countries have made headway against illiteracy , with most reaching 90 % adult literacy or higher .
the result is large re-enlistment bonuses , improved benefits , and higher recruiting costs -- up 20 % just from 2003 to 2005 .
this is one reason performing artists in europe like public money -- it liberates them from a diet of only beethoven and mozart .
growing opposition to syrian hegemony in lebanon is but one of four related problems syria faces , all of which it has addressed inadequately .
the opposition , tainted by their botched coup of april 2002 , now seeks to force chávez from office through a costly general strike .
he became director of the royal institution in london in 1923 , where he attracted some outstanding young scientists interested in the x-ray field .
if so , pundits might adapt to accountability by showing more humility , and political debate might begin to sound less shrill .
this quality is his greatest strength , and it seems he has now embarked on his riskiest counteroffensive ever .
the crash in equity prices since 2000 in most countries has made financial assets look less secure , spurring a &quot; flight to quality &quot; - in this case , housing .
thus , when we seek solutions to some of the world &apos;s toughest problems , they , too , are likely to be found , at least in part , in new technologies that can resolve old and seemingly intractable problems .
from 1995 to 2005 , germany will have grown by only 14.6 % , while the old eu on average will have grown by 24 % , the us by 39.9 % , and the world economy by 45.6 % .
although president george w. bush apologized twice for the deaths of the girls , demands continue to escalate for changing the status of force agreement ( sofa ) that governs the legal treatment of american troops stationed in south korea .
at the same time , the ecb does not need to go nearly as far as the fed , which has raised interest rates in increments of 25 basis points at 12 consecutive meetings , with still more to come .
but the observable diffraction pattern--the intensities and positions of the individual reflections--represents only half of the data needed to deduce the structure of the diffracting object .
nations could set the more ambitious goal of limiting the long-term change in the earth &apos;s temperature , and then assign emissions rights among countries in such a way that will eventually limit temperature increases to an acceptable level .
we are all allies of the us ; our draft constitution restates the importance of the nato link ; our strategy for growth and our contribution to global stability depend on the irreplaceable nature of our relationship with america .
first , as the <<unk>> tics warned , when hordes of pundits are jostling for the limelight , many are tempted to claim that they know more than they do .
old models of economic growth , however , such as export orientation and selective use of import restrictions that worked well for east asia in the last century , are less feasible under today &apos;s global trade rules .
for now , korean voters--apparently impervious to the threat that north korea &apos;s nuclear weapons poses--support roh &apos;s policy of maintaining dialogue and economic exchange with the north .
france &apos;s opposition to syria &apos;s presence in lebanon was at least partly a reflection of disenchantment with assad &apos;s reformist ambitions , and the european union has expressed similar reservations .
but a visit to africa &apos;s villages makes clear that the problems have more to do with the struggle for survival under difficult physical conditions than with any special problems that are unique to african societies .
bush and blair talked repeatedly about stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction , massive underground and mobile units to produce or launch such weapons , and active programs to obtain nuclear weapons .
the result was the fixed-but-adjustable exchange rate system of bretton woods , which over time mutated into the floating-rate system of the 1980s .
meanwhile , italy must decide whether it replaces prime minister silvio berlusconi , who displayed no interest in reform and european affairs , with the cautious romano prodi , the former european commission president .
such specificity helps explain why successful countries--china , india , south korea , and taiwan , among others--usually combined unorthodox elements with orthodox policies .
the big question for europeans is whether they can find ways to exploit some of the efficiency gains embodied by the wal-mart model without being overrun by it .
it distracts the ecb , adds to the impression that europe is bad , and , more importantly , will be used by ineffective governments as a scapegoat for their failings .
in france , president jacques chirac , the epitome of a leader captured by his lobbies , is staggering impotently toward the end of his term in 2007 .
our views will change as we learn more , but at the moment the size of the tax hinges on a question of moral philosophy : how much do we believe we owe our distant descendents ?
africa &apos;s farmers produce roughly one-third or less food per hectare of farmland than their counterparts around the world , resulting in massive hunger , which is exacerbated by a heavy disease burden .
up to now , with only 15 % of the world &apos;s population , rich countries have been responsible for more than 75 % of global carbon dioxide ( co2 ) emissions , and thus most of the environmental damage .
for example , when the new class of painkillers called cox-2 inhibitors was introduced , regulators , physicians , and patients were unaware that these drugs could cause heart attacks and strokes .
on a recent visit to africa , a senior agricultural scientist said that in today &apos;s world , the scientist is closer than ever before to the farmer , but farther away than ever from the policymakers .
politicians -- like jacques chirac in france , silvio berlusconi in italy , and ecofin ( the finance ministers of the european union &apos;s member states ) -- continue to press for fixed , even lower , interest rates .
what this means is that pension and tax institutions must be designed to take better account of the changing circumstances facing different generations , rather than make fixed promises--which most likely cannot be kept , anyway--of a certain payout in the future .
but couple the generational changeover thaty put him in office with a strong popular desire for continued engagement with north korea--notwithstanding north korea &apos;s growing nuclear brinkmanship--and the recipe is complete for disputes with the us .
prices in glamour cities are likely to drop sharply the next time there is a serious recession , or if the local economy suffers a severe shock , or if interest rates rise too fast .
they can begin by viewing accession countries &apos; early adoption of the euro more favorably , both for countries with a currency board and for those with floating exchange rates .
different policies-tailored for local , regional , and international realities-will be needed to meet the challenges posed by north korea , iran , syria , or elsewhere .
at this point , there is likely to be some downward instability in prices , because enthusiasm for investing in houses is likely to wane in line with declining price growth .
by announcing its determination to go ahead with a distant nmd , the us has created political turbulence which it must address now if major damage is to be avoided .
according to a recent poll , only 54.8 % of koreans now support the stationing of american troops in the country , while 31.7 % oppose it .
though the syrian and iraqi baath parties were bitter foes , there was consolation in that both were members of a confederacy of despotisms .
with proper leadership ( which unfortunately seems in short supply ) , today &apos;s milder hardships could provide an opportunity for public discussion of better ways of intergenerational risk sharing .
by contrast , even latin america &apos;s star performer , chile , remains largely a resource-based export economy , with a heavy concentration in copper and agricultural exports .
of course , russia provides far more headline-grabbling examples of political and human rights problems , such as the low-grade war in chechnya or the yukos affair .
developing infrastructure projects is a long process that requires 3-7 years from identification , through licensing , financing , and construction , and finally to the first certification of carbon emission reductions .
when the communist regimes collapsed in 1989 , the communist parties of poland and hungary transformed themselves into credible democratic-left parties that became formidable opponents of the newly emerging political right .
in france , the debate has stalled altogether due to bitter distributive conflicts , deep division within the left , and the right &apos;s absence of an economic and social vision .
unless the world refocuses economic policies to address the adverse impact of economic inequality on growth and poverty reduction , the poor and the privileged will continue to live worlds apart .
indeed , they need a chance to make mistakes and to learn and recover from their errors , as long as their decisions do not affect the foundations of the democratic order itself .
for it is not only morally wrong to leave nations and communities feeling marginalized and without voice ; it is a recipe for frustration , rage , and terrorism .
communism &apos;s defeat left a huge black hole in communities &apos; souls , which is now being filled with nationalism , bigotry , and western consumerism .
serbian politics will be chaotic and unstable for the foreseeable future , and serbian politicians will attempt to present this as an excuse to avoid facing the loss of kosovo .
a major item of discussion in syria is the revival of islam as an alternative to a political and economic system offering few incentives except to regime grandees .
for instance , americans pay some $ 300 billion annually for the &quot; option value &quot; of military preparedness -- being able to fight wherever needed .
badly managed infrastructure will do little to improve peoples &apos; health or support economic growth , so water development and water management must go hand in hand .
the failure of the annan plan for cyprus suggests that good intentions are not enough -- and the disagreements in cyprus were miniscule compared to what divides israelis and palestinians .
but today we must move away from fascination and gratitude and realize that the pursuit of european integration remains in the best interest of the us , which has supported it for 50 years .
the downside risk of higher volatility for the rupee is aggravated by some serious problems , including a deficit running at 6 % of gdp and the strategic stand-off with pakistan .
but the world &apos;s great democracies--the us , india , the uk , and others--are increasingly adept at not allowing freely expressed opinions to constrain what the government does .
since the early 1980 &apos;s , latin america has been stuck , with per capita incomes growing slowly ( if at all ) in most of the region , and with one big crisis following another .
unless a humanitarian intervention is structured in such a way that it guarantees basic security , the underlying antagonisms that inspired the intervention in the first place will merely be reinforced , not diminished .
shortly before the current iraq war , when bush administration economist larry lindsey suggested that the costs might range between $ 100 and $ 200 billion , other officials quickly demurred .
democracy is government by debate , by taking important decisions after thorough deliberation of the kind that--at least in large countries--must be conducted in a parliament through elected representatives .
the collective response , adopted in 2000 , has been the &quot; lisbon strategy , &quot; which aims at making the eu &quot; the most dynamic and competitive knowledge-based economy in the world &quot; by 2010 .
it is curious how many people seem to think that the us will grow faster than europe and japan over the next ten years simply because it has done so for the past ten years .
it is unrealistic to ask poor countries , where more than 1.6 billion people do not have access to clean energy and technologies , to bear the costs associated with the much needed technological change .
the last weeks have seen massive demonstrations , some of them verging on violence ; many of the settlers have declared that they will not obey government orders to evacuate .
in iraq , bush again pursued a unilateralist agenda , saying that there was incontrovertible evidence of a link with al queda , and that saddam had weapons of mass destruction .
the council should be made explicitly responsible for &quot; human security &quot; and be given a responsibility to protect it , in addition to its current role in safeguarding more traditional notions of international security .
democracy , he hinted more ominously , would enable him to &quot; eliminate &quot; --he did not dwell on the exact meaning of the word--those who did not .
as herbert hoover could attest , when we see only the economic policy problems of a generation ago , we risk missing the hazards that lie directly in front of our eyes .
despite occasional grumbles from politicians , no one seriously doubts the european central bank &apos;s independence , or that monetary policy within the euro zone is therefore well insulated from political pressures .
the third shock was the euro , which has induced a rapid convergence of long-term interest rates , which in some countries had been five to seven percentage points above the german level .
indeed , by his words and example , the pope disrupts the world : it wants to live in wealth and comfort ; he reminds us that we must also live in dignity .
he described the sudeten germans as hitler &apos;s &quot; fifth column &quot; and suggested that israel could solve its palestinian problem through resort to the czech method of 1945 : deportation .
with simpler structures made up of small numbers of atoms , chemistry could provide considerable guidance as to the atomic arrangements , and a solution could thus often be found by trial and error .
surely , the best protection against such a calamity is to strengthen turkey &apos;s democratic system , which can best be achieved by anchoring it firmly in a bloc of similarly democratic countries .
indeed , there is a compelling case to be made for indonesian debt relief in any case , given that much of the debt was incurred in loans to the corrupt suharto government .
as during those years , many people now formally accept ideological labels but identify with them only as long as such an allegiance to a specific political current has tangible short-term benefits for them .
if unemployment was not stuck quite at great depression levels , it remained high enough to make long-term joblessness or the fear of long-term joblessness a defining experience .
on all of these issues , the gulf between the israeli and palestinian positions has not narrowed since the failed negotiations at camp david in 2000 , while fear and distrust have increased .
this theory recalls that of the british historian arnold toynbee , according to which empires collapse because they are unable to react to external challenges .
ethiopia &apos;s development potential is closely tied to seasonal rains , so high rainfall variation , together with lack of infrastructure , has undermined growth and perpetuated poverty .
what actions are we obligated to take now in order to diminish the risks to our descendants and our planet from the increasing likelihood of global warming and climate change ?
it also brought to a sorry close the uk &apos;s six-month presidency of the european council , confirming britain &apos;s long-standing reputation as the odd-man-out in the european union .
while corrosive immobility is a trademark of the syrian regime , these challenges threaten to reinforce each other and marginalize syria internationally even more so than today .
growth in much of the world during the past quarter-century has been slower than in the previous 25 years , despite more rapid growth in east asia , india , and a few other countries .
the downside risk of capital-account liberalization , after all , is higher exchange-rate volatility , and even countries with sound liquidity positions could not prevent a run on their reserves .
to date , over $ 1 billion dollars in global environment facility ( gef ) grants , together with about $ 8 billion in co-financing , have been committed to programs related to climate change .
twenty-five years ago , poland &apos;s people were stunned by the choice of their compatriot , cardinal karol wojtyla of cracow , as pope .
a ruthless program to absorb his political rivals on the right has helped orban &apos;s fidesz party become nearly equal in size to his socialist rivals on the left .
a strategic lack of transparency is the bread and butter of shrewd politicians who want to please a lobby by hiding the costs of the public &apos;s largesse from the majority of citizens .
such values animated the fight against nazi and soviet totalitarianism , fascism , and military dictatorship ; in their name , decolonization was achieved , and minorities gained equality and dignity .
some problems faced by central europe &apos;s right are similar to those the political right faces elsewhere in europe , where social democratic parties expropriated many formerly liberal ideas to seize a monopoly of the political center .
to the discredit of the democratic world , hardly any head of state remonstrated on zhao &apos;s behalf , minimally demanding that some accounting be made for his illegal and immoral incarceration .
in various surveys , significant segments of central european electorates describe themselves as ``rightist , &apos; &apos; but years of communist paternalism pushed the region &apos;s political center of gravity firmly to the left .
but what they are doing , however , is dealing with the biggest problem of the moment but at the price of removing institutions and policies that policymakers before them had put into place to control problems which they felt to be the most pressing .
as leszek balcerowicz , the governor of the national bank of poland , argues , adoption of the euro by candidate countries will certainly create benefits for candidate countries , while in the worst case being neutral for current members .
what happened in iraq should not be over ? interpreted as a rigid template for us policy toward countries that pursue weapons of mass destruction , support terrorism , or deny people liberty .
as chávez used para-constitutional means to advance a desire for change in 1999 , so the international community should not be confined by the present constitution in pressing to resolve a crisis that is ruining the country .
india &apos;s political boldness in seeking peace with pakistan in their half-century twilight struggle for kashmir may soon be matched by economic moves equally as daring .
the bush administration still uses the phrase &quot; war on terror &quot; and behaves as though it really is a war , the ordinary kind where one government fights another .
the &quot; bulldozer &quot; had become the grandfather of most israelis and the last card of western diplomacy , for americans and , surprisingly , for europeans , too .
similarly , in kosovo the international community has devoted little time to helping former combatants contemplate their collective responsibility for atrocities , no matter how direct or indirect their personal involvement .
everything is viewed as politics and votes , not as technical problems requiring technological expertise , which is why africa &apos;s poverty is so often attributed to corruption rather than to ecological challenges .
our over ? riding goal should be to create a world in which governments , organizations , and peoples embrace arrangements that allow them to realize their shared interests and that reflect fundamental universal values .
as a result , various political groups associated with the solidarity trade union movement have , since communism &apos;s fall , aspired to represent the political right , confusing the terms of political discourse .
roh &apos;s victory over lee hoi chang signifies a generational shift in korean politics , with the young determined to gain a freer hand in korea &apos;s relations with the us .
if and when britain votes on joining the euro , the result will most likely tell us all sorts of things about tony blair and about the european union , but little about the merits of the common currency .
only after his re-election in autumn 2002 , did he give up his previous populist stance , short-term responses and neo-corporatist ways of trying to talk trade unions and employers &apos; associations into compromise .
that sharon &apos;s stroke could be compared -- in terms of political consequences -- with the assassination of yitzak rabin demonstrates that his personality had become associated with hope and security .
in charles dicken &apos;s great novel &quot; a christmas carol , &quot; the soulless businessman ebeneezer scrooge is tormented by a visit from the spirit of christmas past .
the scientific revolution was made possible by the printing press , the industrial revolution by the steam engine , and india &apos;s escape from famine by increased farm yields -- the so-called &quot; green revolution . &quot;
physicians may feel guilty and fear litigation , drug companies worry about the threat to corporate profits and regulatory agencies must face the question : &quot; why was the drug approved in the first place ? &quot;
these can all potentially be designed to improve and expand water supplies for power generation , irrigation , and household and industrial use , while providing security against droughts and protection from floods .
the american people have been treated to a spectacle of jingoism , fear mongering , confusion of iraq with osama bin laden &apos;s terrorists , and simple patriotism .
the entrepreneur who makes the initial &quot; discovery &quot; can capture only a small part of the social value that this knowledge generates , as other entrepreneurs will quickly emulate him .
bernal and dorothy crowfoot ( later hodgkin ) obtained patterns of the dry crystals , as astbury had , and with similarly disappointing results .
the term &quot; international relations &quot; assumes the westphalian order of commitments among sovereign nation states , which replaced the medieval order of communities defined by personal fealty to a king .
it reduced the ability of businesses and banks to service their debt , and might trigger a chain of big bankruptcies that would destroy confidence in the financial system , providing further incentives to hoard .
this is especially important for indonesia , which must service a debt of $ 132 billion ( of which $ 70 billion is owed to public creditors or guaranteed by government agencies ) .
but in a world where , as yeats said , &quot; and the best lack all conviction , while the worst are full of passionate intensity , &quot; it is worth trying .
however , apart from military factors , where such intervention is being considered , it is of vital importance to focus international policy discussion on the rapid deployment of a linked civilian and security presence .
the payoff is huge if they get it right : accelerated development as economies reap the benefits of a burgeoning working-age population and lower dependency ratios .
democracy , in the words of the philosopher karl popper , is about being able to remove those in power without violence ; it is in this sense about trial and error .
in fact , uncertainty about global climate change should lead us to do more to guard against it than if we knew it would proceed exactly according to the central-case projections .
still , latin american countries have not yet tried to foster a technological revolution , certainly not with the focus , skill , commitment , and financing that asian countries have shown .
no one in his right mind can assume that something never achieved before , namely destroying a small number of warheads in flight , will happen over night .
the few instances of success occurred in countries that marched to their own drummers--and that are hardly poster children for neoliberalism .
californian voters &apos; first mistake is thus what may be called &quot; the lure of the immediate &quot; --none too surprising in a state where instant gratification is supposedly a core value .
but this is a dangerously wrong idea , an idea that leads inexorably to handing great moral ( and even existential politico-military decisions ) to the likes of syria , cameroon , angola , russia , china , and france .
clearly , the reforms proposed and already partly enacted by the government are unpopular , and there is little doubt that , a year after their re-election , the coalition of the social democrats and the greens would not stand much of a chance at the polls .
but john paul ii &apos;s basic intuition is correct : the postcommunist world--east and west--is in spiritual crisis , and the pope wants to shake it into realizing the importance of higher values .
in the next three weeks , the israeli army will do something unprecedented : instead of defending the country against external enemies or terrorism , it will evacuate -- by force if necessary -- 9,000 israelis from their homes .
fear about this may be one reason why president bush refused to meet prime minister orban recently , and there are frequent suggestions that , had orban spoken as he now does before hungary joined nato , his country &apos;s application would have been rejected .
independent central banks can occasionally be a pain for politicians , but at least they can be used as scapegoats when necessary-a role whose political benefits outweigh the costs of losing control over a useful tool .
an immediate deployment of an adequate civilian and security presence during the months immediately after the end of the 1999 nato bombing campaign might well have provided suitable protective mechanisms against the backlash that allowed victims to become victimizers .
flexible exchange rates , designed to allow the market to signal when confidence in the currency is declining , also put exporters at a competitive disadvantage against foreign-country producers whose prices aren &apos;t batted around by unpredictable exchange rates .
as the united nations-appointed ombudsperson in kosovo for the past five years , i have had the unique opportunity to observe the aftereffects of that doctrine following nato &apos;s intervention in the former yugoslavia in 1999 .
so the european commission should stop fighting a rearguard battle that merely weakens its credibility , especially in the eyes of small countries , which are the only ones that can be bullied into accepting unwanted fiscal rules .
but in addition to today &apos;s officially measured government deficits , there are also other looming obligations caused by a demographic change ( declining birth rates ) and the prospect of huge social-welfare payments in the future .
imposing a tax on those who , say , drive low-mileage suv &apos;s is a way of harnessing humanity &apos;s collective intelligence to decide when bad side effects are a reason to alter behavior .
globalized markets , unfettered trade , militant islam , china &apos;s awakening : these are the things historians and strategists usually portray as the key forces shaping our destiny .
for all of america &apos;s power , there is little that the us can do in the world that it can &apos;t do better with the active participation of others , be they governments , international organizations , or non-governmental organizations .
the rich countries &apos; mistakes wouldn &apos;t matter if african countries had enough money to adopt the needed technologies on their own , but africa is so poor that it must get financial help to escape poverty .
the sudden meltdown of apparently healthy economies served as a stark reminder that strong external liquidity should not be the driving force towards full convertibility .
likewise , almost everyone understands that while global warming might be a much smaller or larger problem than existing models suggest , this uncertainty is no excuse for inaction .
most countries have recognized this , coming together in rio and kyoto to do something about it — not enough , but the kyoto protocol was intended only as a start .
that promising development is being endangered by a fevered electoral nationalism which seeks to gain votes by promising to reopen old wounds and settle old scores .
so the evolving report is usually put up on a web site and suggestions are invited from one and all--ngos , trade unions , and other organizations of civil society .
the natural course of history in the most optimistic sense is progress &quot; at the margin , &quot; but the rapid pace of technological change is pushing us to expect equally rapid progress in human affairs .
since chávez is a skilled campaigner and the opposition so far lacks unity , he will have a realistic chance of winning--which should make a new contest acceptable to him .
we expect improved technology and its spread to make the world of 2100 , at a 2 % annual growth rate , much richer : $ 50,000 per capita of year-2006 purchasing power .
historically , housing prices have shown a lot of momentum , and prices in all these cities are still going up at a brisk rate , though usually somewhat slower than a year or more ago .
the last time an american government tried to ensure a balanced budget in the face of a recession was over seventy years ago , during the presidency of herbert hoover at the outset of the great depression .
in france for example , the overly flattering commemoration of president françois mitterrand &apos;s death ten years ago primarily reflects widespread disillusion with his successor , jacques chirac .
in no small measure , the failures of globalization can be traced to the same mindset that led to the failures in iraq : multilateral institutions must serve not just one country &apos;s interest , but all countries &apos; .
among them , as well as among the palestinians , one hears the hope that after the gaza withdrawal , it will be possible to return to the road map and to resume negotiations leading to a final agreement between israel and the palestinians .
future negotiations will have to deal with the ultimate borders between israel and palestine , the fate of 200,000 jewish settlers in the west bank , the status of jerusalem , and with the problem of the 1947-48 palestinian refugees .
we estimate that if a proportion of that money had been allocated to domestic investment in roads , schools , and research , the american economy would have been stimulated more in the short run , and its growth would have been enhanced in the long run .
the world bank estimates that by 2035 , as many as three billion people , almost all of them in developing countries , could live under conditions of severe water stress , especially if they happen to live in africa , the middle east , or south asia .
in short , if the world &apos;s rich are stingy today toward our much richer descendants , and if we want to leave our environmental mess to them to deal with , we should be lavish toward the world &apos;s poor .
on the contrary , his belligerent rhetoric and inept governance scared off investors , inciting economic decline and boosting unemployment and poverty .
an suv going ten miles in the city and burning a gallon of gasoline pumps about three kilograms of carbon into the atmosphere .
but many commentators believe that they were protesting against what they perceived as the precipitate admission of ten new member states , mainly much poorer countries from central and eastern europe .
some non-democratic systems seem to evoke deeper support , because they are based on religious or national communal solidarity , and because closed societies minimize doubt , drift , and criticism .
their forced mass exodus in 1999 and nato &apos;s subsequent intervention , which ended serbia &apos;s rule and established a quasi-state under un administration , has made anything other than independence intolerable .
but in the world &apos;s most advanced countries , the promise of material prosperity that freedom made possible has long since replaced attention to and defense of fundamental democratic values as the cement of society .
our analysis starts with the $ 500 billion that the congressional budget office openly talks about , which is still ten times higher than what the administration said the war would cost .
he was even the first chinese leader to wear a suit and tie rather than a mao habit when traveling abroad , as well as the first to hold an open press conference .
the appeal of us leadership abroad rests in part on the attractiveness of america &apos;s political institutions , society , and culture , and its willingness to champion human rights and democracy .
the sanguine view is that as long as those selling expertise compete vigorously for the attention of discriminating buyers ( the mass media ) , market mechanisms will assure quality control .
so , for 20 years it has seemed to me that western europe &apos;s underlying political equilibrium -- corporatist bargaining and ample social insurance , on the one hand , and tight monetary policies , on the other -- must crack .
this is good for europe , because it helps improve the allocation of capital and stimulates growth by transporting german savings to the remote and previously disadvantaged regions of the euro zone .
while the regulatory mechanisms of both kyoto and the european trading scheme have contributed to the establishment of an emerging market for carbon trading , interested parties are now concerned about the immediate future .
democracy &apos;s values may be one-sided on behalf of individual rights , but this has also made them universal , legitimizing the struggle against oppression , wherever it is played out .
even though each new store takes away business from wal-mart stores established nearby , ever-improving supply efficiencies help maintain the chain &apos;s overall growth .
in fact , we can think of participatory democracy as a meta-institution that helps select among the &quot; menu &quot; of possible institutional arrangements in each area .
french and british leaders engaged in a heated quarrel that derailed the subsequent summit , before britain assumed the rotating six-month eu presidency in july .
how it goes about this will not only effect india &apos;s economic development , but provide object lessons for china as it ponders convertibility in the years ahead .
for the people of poland , john paul ii , by making human rights the central subject of his teaching , will forever be the man who gave us courage and hope , who restored our historical identity .
more than 80 % of children now attend primary school , up from 50 % in 1970 , and infant mortality has fallen from more than 10 % to 6.5 % over the same period .
what died with the security council &apos;s unwillingness to sanction force to implement its own resolutions on iraq &apos;s possession of weapons of mass destruction was the decades-old fantasy of the un as the bedrock of world order .
in addition , contrary to the promises of its proponents , financial liberalization has actually resulted in net capital flows from the capital-poor to the capital-rich over the long term , while increasing financial volatility and weakening economic activity .
if the security council fails to reach a decision on final status , it will produce a grave situation : kosovo would declare independence unilaterally , and all nations would have to make up their mind whether or not to recognize the new state .
indeed , as a matter of principle , it is not clear why monetary policy and fiscal policy should be treated so differently , with one completely delegated to a bureaucratic agency and the other completely discretionary and in the hand of politicians .
unfortunately , the stubbornness of the ecb and the european commission is now providing ammunition to populist governments in accession countries that are counting on currency appreciation to escape the fiscal discipline that adopting the euro would imply .
one cannot help but wonder : were there alternative ways of spending a fraction of the war &apos;s $ 1- $ 2 trillion in costs that would have better strengthened security , boosted prosperity , and promoted democracy ?
but the challenge is to provide an alternative set of policy guidelines for promoting development , without falling into the trap of promulgating yet another impractical blueprint , supposedly right for all countries at all times .
based on extrapolation of growth trends , it looks safe to predict that prices will go up substantially in most of these places for another year or more , even as the rate of increase continues to decline .
last september , the us , together with france , sponsored un security council resolution 1559 demanding a syrian pullout and the disarming of militias -- mainly hezbollah .
every day , experts bombard us with their views on topics as varied as iraqi insurgents , bolivian coca growers , european central bankers , and north korea &apos;s politburo .
if a policy is right when the security council approves , how can it be wrong just because communist china or russia or france or a gaggle of minor dictatorships withhold approbation ?
in a world searching for providential leaders , the case of ariel sharon is both symbolic and paradoxical , for this universal man remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades .
by sheer force of conviction and personality , such figures , many of us believe , can carry the day , bringing a glimmer of hope to an otherwise detached and impersonal universe .
the french rejected the european union constitution , primarily -- or so it appears -- because further european integration , it is feared , must bring in its wake the huge costs and disruptions of neo-liberalism .
the fact that it provoked debate and dispute does not detract from the conviction shared by old and new member states that they had an obligation to rebuild the continent after 40 years of division .
in 1998 , i visited central asia &apos;s former soviet republics for talks--concerning the democratic development that was--or should have been--taking place in those newly independent countries .
its tasks in this area were affirmed in the 1948 universal declaration of human rights and the 1975 helsinki accords , which give human rights legal supremacy over the sovereignty of individual states .
the government &apos;s response to these efforts will be an important indicator of whether and to what extent putin &apos;s administration intends to include human and political rights within its so-called &quot; dictatorship of law . &quot;
now is the time to start thinking about how to engage all nations , including large emitters , in conversations about what to do after the treaty &apos;s expiration in 2012 .
in fact , one may wonder if the world has made of sharon a providential man because it wanted so much to believe that there was still &quot; hope around the corner &quot; in the middle east .
californians , of course , won &apos;t be disenfranchised , but their willfulness threatens to yield a wayward and irresponsible form of state politics .
increased flows of goods , money , and knowledge around the world mean that foreign organizations and individuals become more influential , making it increasingly difficult for national governments manage their countries by themselves .
some argue that this is a bad thing , because they prefer queuing to the price system and fear that higher prices will compromise future audiences by excluding young people .
but it is easier because once those constraints are appropriately targeted , relatively simple policy changes can yield enormous economic payoffs and start a virtuous cycle of growth and institutional reform .
the bush administration once claimed that the iraq war would be good for the economy , with one spokesperson even suggesting that it was the best way to ensure low oil prices .
rigid as it was , with an extensive welfare system and an over-regulated labor market , germany was unable to react to these shocks and ran into trouble .
although monetary growth is more than twice the rate of real gdp growth , the inflationary risk is probably low because substantial excess capacity exists .
yet a glaring contradiction exists between the universality and supremacy of human rights and the principles of sovereignty and non-interference in states &apos; internal affairs , which are also enshrined in un documents .
although such politicians often describe themselves as ``rightist , &apos; &apos; their real policies , such as , for , example , those of former slovak prime minister vladimir meciar , are in fact demagogic populist or authoritarian .
freed from exchange-rate risk , international investors no longer demanded a risk premium from these countries and were willing to provide funds to all of them under the same favorable conditions that previously had been reserved for germany .
more than 20 % of all firms , in countries as diverse as algeria , bangladesh , brazil , china , estonia , and zambia , rate inadequate skills and education of workers as a major or a severe obstacle .
despite the fact the region is still recovering from decades of communist mismanagement , the political right &apos;s fragmentation helped the political left , in some cases represented by former communists , to win democratic elections regularly .
even we , as opponents of the war , were staggered by what we found , with conservative to moderate estimates ranging from slightly less than a trillion dollars to more than $ 2 trillion .
for example , when demographic trends or persistent economic hardships impose undue social-welfare burdens on working people , benefits to pensioners should be automatically modified by raising the retirement age and / or adjusting benefits .
adolf hitler minted this strategy when he dismantled czechoslovakia--supposedly in defense of the sudeten germans--and later when he invaded my homeland , poland .
five years have passed since the terrorist attacks on new york and washington of september , 2001 , yet it seems that policymakers have learned little about how terrorist cells operate , and what their weaknesses are .
but in the real world -- and cyprus , bosnia , and kosovo may be examples -- stabilization and the slow de-escalation of violence can sometimes achieve the same end , even without formal agreement .
in europe , the european central bank believes that the danger of uncontrolled inflation following a loss of public confidence in its commitment to low inflation outweighs the costs of european employment that is far too high .
experts can disagree about whether the move was premature , but no one agrees with the many political leaders who have argued that the tiny hike will derail the timid resumption of economic growth .
in calcutta , when some younger kid came along and insisted on joining the game my friends were playing , we would let the new kid in , but only after whispering into each other &apos;s ears the words ,
health hazards -- nuclear reactors , guns , and contaminated foods -- surround all of us , so governments take an active role in limiting these hazards through regulations , which , in many cases , are very successful .
so meciar pounced , denouncing the &quot; hungarian menace , &quot; undoing in a stroke four years of hard work by slovakia &apos;s current government to integrate representatives of the ethnic hungarian minority into slovakia &apos;s government .
just as people increasingly admire international celebrities , so they believe that world famous centers of business , technology , and culture - whose names are household words to people everywhere - are uniquely valuable .
september headline inflation , at 2.6 % , is above the ecb &apos;s 2 % target ­ -- as is the latest forecast for 2006 inflation ( updated forecasts will be released at the beginning of december ) .
two right-wing parties have left his ruling coalition , he has lost his majority within his own likud party , and his finance minister , binyamin netanyahu , has quit his government .
it also should be reassuring to europeans who are concerned that greater reliance on private money necessarily means conservative programming that the san francisco symphony has one of the most adventuresome repertoires in the us .
they are comfortable with protracted uncertainty about who is right even in bitter debates , conceding gaps in their knowledge and granting legitimacy to opposing views .
his style and rhetoric projected the fresh ( for korea ! ) image of a common man committed to eliminating the ossified networks of cronyism and corruption .
the league was simply not up to confronting italy in abyssinia , much less ( had it survived that debacle ) taking on nazi germany .
but , given germany &apos;s economic distress , which looks likely to worsen given the country &apos;s demographic problems , the social democrats are now condemned to give wealth creation priority over redistribution .
will eu citizens whose origins are in other continents and whose religion is hindu or islam , sikh or buddhist , be able to identify with &quot; european &quot; values and culture ?
throughout the developing world , governments urgently need to devise the right mix of investments and policies to encourage their young people to get an education , find work , stay healthy , form families , and exercise citizenship .
but when bernal observed the crystals in a light microscope , he noticed that as the large amount of water in the crystal lattice evaporated , they became disordered .
if they continue their explosive growth over the next 20 years , will americans someday come to regard their proliferation as a spectacular example of the failure to adopt region-wide blueprints for balanced growth ?
for the syrians , a democratic iraq friendly to the us was always far worse than saddam hussein , the enemy they knew -- and later profitably traded with -- during the years of international sanctions against iraq .
it is often forgotten that us defense secretary donald rumsfeld emerged from a comfortable retirement to reorganize the american military into a smaller , more agile force , using some of these same insights .
the private sector &apos;s role in decision-making , too , often needs to be clarified--where businesses have too much influence over government , their need to operate profitable may lead to policies that favor the few over the many .
so the critics argue that we need the marginal $ 70 per capita today much more than the richer people of 2100 will need the $ 500 that they would gain from being spared the effects of global climate change .
the problem of identity is made even worse by the fact that most central european nations , where nation-building was retarded by communism , easily succumb to nationalist sentiments that in turn are misused by some politicians .
in a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist thomas holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of wal-mart stores throughout the united states .
any approach must be tailored to the circumstances of each country and the needs of its people , but there is no fundamental constraint to designing water development investments that ensure that local communities and the environment gain tangible and early benefits .
in this spirit , this month &apos;s unctad-undp conference-- &quot; governance in asia : underpinning competitiveness in a global economy &quot; --will bring together policy-makers from across asia to discuss the governance challenges that asia faces .
we must forge greater european military capacities simply to put in place a mechanism that allows us to stand effectively shoulder to shoulder when terrorism or other catastrophes strike one of our democracies , as just happened .
traditionally , europe &apos;s social democracies have preferred allocating scarce goods and services like concerts and operas by queues ( financed by huge subsidies to keep prices low ) rather than by willingness to pay .
chancellor gerhard schröder &apos;s resignation as chairman of germany &apos;s social democratic party ( spd ) will deeply affect the distribution of forces within the german government and its slim &quot; red-green &quot; majority in parliament .
if a country or coalition of countries other than the un security council uses force , even as a last resort , &quot; anarchy &quot; , not international law , would prevail , destroying all hope of world order .
if so much of the us productivity edge really amounts to letting wal-mart and its big-box cousins run amok , what will happen after this source of growth tapers off ?
but , in the end , he decided to interrupt his vacation and offer amounts of aid that were successively revised upwards , in a global competition which promised to benefit those who were desperate for help .
on defense and security matters , the eu &apos;s security doctrine provides a great opportunity to build on our common worries : terrorism and non-proliferation , but also the need to ensure sustainable development in all quarters of the world .
so european institutions should abandon their paternalistic approach and take seriously the concerns of accession countries &apos; central bankers about the risks of maintaining their own currencies for a long period during which their economies have to open up completely to capital flows .
the stability and growth pact was intended to keep the public debts of southern europe low , and thus keep interest rates low by reassuring investors that national debts would never be allowed to rise high enough to generate serious inflationary pressures .
those who would aim to emulate us productivity trends must come to grips with how they feel about big-box stores sprouting across their countryside &apos;s , driving down wages and plowing under smaller-scale retailers .
macroeconomic policies , financial globalization , and changes in labor market institutions have exacerbated inequality in recent decades , not only in income and wealth , but also in access to education , healthcare , social protection , as well as in political participation and influence .
but , without a commitment by governments to limit greenhouse gas emissions beyond 2012 , the carbon market will remain uncertain , and the private sector -- vital to the market &apos;s success -- is unlikely to expand its participation in a meaningful and sustained way .
at the beginning of what has been dubbed a &quot; super election year &quot; in germany - with 14 elections , one at the european , five at the regional , and eight at the local levels - this is hideously bad news for the spd .
here , then , is a modest proposal that applies to all democracies : the marketplace of ideas works better if it is easier for citizens to see the trade-offs between accuracy and entertainment , or between accuracy and party loyalty .
as with fear of terrorism and suspicion of equities , geographical celebrity appears resilient , if not self-reinforcing : the more famous new york , paris , and london get , the more glamorous they become .
the eu &apos;s problems are stagnant output , high structural unemployment , weak productivity growth , the wasteful and unfair common agricultural policy ( cap ) , and the forthcoming structural adjustments from the expansion of the eu itself .
some members of the security council -- particularly russia and china -- are opposed to or <<unk>> tical of an imposed settlement , and few governments favor dividing up another country &apos;s territory , however compelling the circumstances .
it was a tragic paradox that the political movement that so peacefully swept china in 1989 ended up arresting the process of broad-based , evolutionary reform to which zhao consecrated his life .
as milosevic showed again in the 1990s , when he claimed to be defending innocent serbs in croatia and bosnia , justifying military intervention solely on the basis of moral principles leaves too much room for their distortion and abuse .
a &quot; back to basics &quot; approach is vital in three inter-linked areas , in which national governments must take the lead : minimizing corruption , enforcing property rights , and consistent application of the rule of law .
indeed , democracy nowadays has embraced a pop culture of rapidly passing fads ; today &apos;s hysteria-generating pop group is forgotten tomorrow , and there are always more waiting in the wings .
replacing a governor whom they re-elected only a year before with arnold schwarzenegger must have given californian voters an enormous--if guilty--pleasure .
instead , zhao was allowed to remain in suspended animation , under house arrest , conveniently forgotten like some cryogenically frozen celebrity with no hope of resurrection .
for china &apos;s &quot; miracle &quot; to truly become miraculous , party leaders could do worse than study the record of a man whose legacy they now seem eager to push into oblivion .
the first temptation , characteristic of frightened societies , is a rush to embrace so-called &quot; traditional &quot; values , with their implications of withdrawal , closure , intolerance , and even hatred .
this underscores the importance for india &apos;s financial stability of successful management of the capital account ( monitoring inflows and outflows ) following any move toward full convertibility .
since the end of 2002 , schröder and the spd have been facing unusually low public approval ratings - and this pattern is not likely to change soon .
but the response from eu institutions , namely the european central bank and the european commission , has been negative : candidate countries were told that they first must spend at least two years in the european exchange rate mechanism ( erm ii ) , where euro aspirants are expected to prove their policy mettle .
because political intentions , not technical capabilities matter , nmd creates problems now : it pushes russia into confrontation , heightens chinese nervousness , and underpins a european sense of estrangement from the us .
indeed , the pace of ecb warnings about the risks of inflation has quickened in recent months -- the earlier &quot; we are vigilant &quot; became &quot; we are particularly vigilant &quot; in september , which became &quot; strong vigilance with regard to upside risks to price stability is warranted &quot; in october .
europe &apos;s central bankers fear that their political masters will order them to loosen monetary policy , that the structural reforms needed to free up aggregate supply will not be forthcoming , and that the result will be a return to the inflation of the 1970 &apos;s .
against all expectations , it struck a morally advantageous posture by offering to surrender some part of its budget rebate , but only if the rest of the european union ( i.e. france , in particular ) would agree to fundamental reforms of eu farm policy .
it also accounts for why important institutional differences persist among the advanced countries of north america , western europe , and japan in areas such as the role of the public sector , the legal system , corporate governance , financial markets , labor markets , and social insurance .
the answer is that fiscal policy is the key tool politicians use to attract and maintain the support of a winning coalition of voters , say retirees , public employees , and middle-class homeowners , while imposing the costs on the losers .
the strategy formulated by the pope for the catholic church , and his ability to mobilize millions of believers in its cause , meant that no one could ever again repeat stalin &apos;s question : &quot; how many divisions does the pope have ? &quot;
for example , sub-saharan africa has thousands of young combatants -- 100,000 in sudan alone -- who hope to reconstruct their lives in peacetime but clearly require skills training and jobs , as well as medical and psychological support .
instead , most people still instinctively look at &quot; great men &quot; as the agents of history , the men ( and women ) who seem to forge events through their political vision , personal charisma , and the force of their moral claims .
their <<unk>> ticism is hardly groundless : internal documents obtained in recent lawsuits reveal that drug companies often fail to submit critical safety information to regulatory agencies , as required by law , and fail to communicate such information to physicians and patients .
france &apos;s ongoing public debate about secularism and legislation is an important effort in this direction , even if the debate could be better organized to demonstrate the link between principles , social and anthropological facts , and public policy .
this led many observers to reflect on the fact that the world &apos;s richest country was in general the most miserly in foreign assistance -- all the more so in comparison to the amount it spends on war and defense .
with capital-account convertibility , the rupee &apos;s exchange rate will be determined more by capital flows than by inflation differentials , as india &apos;s inflation rate remains broadly in line with the oecd average of around 3 % .
as the social theorist robert putnam has explained , &quot; social capital &quot; --the networks , norms , and social trust that facilitate cooperation and coordination for mutual benefit--is as much a determinant as it is a result of economic growth .
bernal moved back to cambridge as a lecturer in structural crystallography in 1927 , and in 1931 was promoted to assistant director of research in crystallography , by then a sub-department of the cavendish laboratory .
we do not attempt to explain whether the american people were deliberately misled regarding the war &apos;s costs , or whether the bush administration &apos;s gross underestimate should be attributed to incompetence , as it vehemently argues is true in the case of weapons of mass destruction .
if compelling evidence proves that weapons of mass destruction were at hand ; that they were poised for use on a threatening scale ; that the un inspectors had poor prospects of uncovering and dismantling those weapons , then we must acknowledge the arguments made by bush and blair .
the fed waited too long to start the normalization process , and , because it was more aggressive in lowering rates in the downward phase of the interest-rate cycle , it has had to be more aggressive in raising them in the upward phase .
it took some time before the british came to understand that since president jacques chirac is a beleaguered lame-duck president , who will remain in office but not in power until 2007 , he is in no position to agree to any such bargain .
such strong incentives to hoard rather than spend can keep demand low and falling , and unemployment high and rising , for a much longer time than even the most laissez-faire-oriented politician or economist had ever dared contemplate .
the valuable role of civil society in giving voice to communities that governments cannot reach is also recognized , but its relationship with government and business is often characterized more by conflict than cooperation .
two of the three psychological causes suggest continued upward momentum in housing prices , while the third suggests that the momentum will come to an end some day , but does not pinpoint when .
better a 50-basis-point increase now -- thereby allowing the economic recovery to continue by keeping inflation in check -- than triple or quadruple that figure down the road .
we ignore failing states at our peril , because anarchy creates an environment conducive to extremist ideologies and can offer a haven for terrorists , criminals , and drug traffickers .
the acquittal by a us military court of two american soldiers who accidentally killed two korean schoolgirls with their armored car last june triggered street demonstrations across the country .
berlin : like old battle horses feeling young as the bugle sounds , cold war strategists are feeling the adrenalin mount as missile defense becomes front page news .
since then the broad consensus in the us has been that cyclical economic distress requires the use of budget deficits to ameliorate suffering , stimulate aggregate demand , and hasten recovery .
decent , thoughtful , high-minded , the millions who marched against holding iraq to account were catalyzed by the idea that only the un security council has the authority to legitimize the resort to force .
forget about america &apos;s rhetoric of upholding fairness and justice ; in trade negotiations , the us ignores the pleas of the poorest countries of the world to eliminate the cotton subsidies that have had so devastating an effect on them .
a recent harris survey in the us concluded that 60 % of adults are either not confident at all or not very confident that drug makers will publicly and in a timely manner disclose data on their products &apos; adverse effects .
in saying aloud that &quot; there can be no just europe without an independent poland on its map , &quot; the pope effectively swept away the unjust postwar settlement that had subjugated poland to soviet power .
indeed , the decision to defend south korea from attack in 1950 was taken by the council only because stalin ordered his diplomats to boycott un proceedings , which meant that no soviet ambassador was around to cast a veto .
if this line of thought sounds familiar , perhaps it is because it ( more or less ) recapitulates the foundations of the unsustainable planning system with which the accession countries broke at the beginning of the 1990 &apos;s .
there will , after all be inflation in southern and eastern europe -- there must be , for as regions develop and industrialize their terms of trade must improve , and under a monetary union regional inflation is how this can happen .
michael tilson thomas in san francisco , for example , has combined effective fundraising and artistic leadership to propel the san francisco symphony to the top rank of us orchestras .
in this context , it is noteworthy that china , with a closed capital account , has foreign-exchange reserves of us $ 286 billion , four times the size of india &apos;s , though china &apos;s economy is only double india &apos;s size .
as the us proceeds with nmd , it will either have to violate the treaty or give six months notice to quit , something both signatories are entitled to do if they feel their vital security interests demand it .
then , in 1992 , deng xiaoping set in motion one of the most rapid and total marketizations of a society in history , catalyzing china &apos;s spectacular rise as an economic superpower .
hence the keynesian solution : use monetary policy ( lower interest rates ) and fiscal policy ( expanded government spending and reduced taxes ) to keep the economy from ever approaching the precipice where deflation becomes possible .
only if wages adjust downward to accommodate the new international environment can german workers become competitive again , so that the country returns to a higher employment level , exploiting its human capital up to the capacity constraint .
it was not long ago that a republican congress held up $ 1 billion of un dues , and threatened that it would only pay what it owed if the un satisfied a raft of conditions .
that means facing down the myriad interest groups -- from industry lobbies to trade unions and entrenched bureaucracies -- that have ( so far ) successfully protected their turfs .
nato , for example , is evolving from a cold war alliance focused solely on europe to one suited to meeting today &apos;s security challenges wherever they may arise , such as in afghanistan and possibly iraq .
some conductors , not wanting to carry a tin cup as they wave their batons , have rejected important posts in the us for this reason , feeling that it would interfere with their art .
so it is no surprise that its figure of $ 500 billion ignores the lifetime disability and healthcare costs that the government will have to pay for years to come .
the emergence of an embryonic &quot; world civil society &quot; heightens demand for universal and charismatic figures , holding out the hope of global accountability , but also carrying populist overtones .
in san francisco , for example , the symphony runs a $ 23 million privately funded project -- called keeping score -- that includes a national public television series , radio shows , interactive music learning , and school music programs .
in mathematical terms , it gives the amplitude , but not the phases--i.e. , the stages in an oscillatory motion--without which the atomic positions could not be determined .
the beginning of his term not only coincides with one of the most dangerous episodes on the korean peninsula in decades , but his presidency will also test south korea &apos;s relations with the us to a degree that has not been seen for many years .
such demands escalated dramatically after hariri &apos;s death , as tens of thousands of the former prime minister &apos;s partisans , who previously sat on the fence when it came to syria , shouted &quot; syria out . &quot;
someone once rightly said that it is easy to bomb , but much harder to build ; it is relatively easy to defeat a regime militarily , but it is far more difficult to create a solid , sustainable , civil society in its place .
that is why syria &apos;s denials that it is playing a spoiler role in iraq are rarely taken seriously , and why assad has not gained american support for renewed negotiations with israel over the golan heights .
leaving aside the immorality of this war--and immoral it is--i wish to draw attention to this increasing ability and inclination of democracies to &quot; deal &quot; with ( meaning neutralize ) public opinion .
similarly , my office defended the liberal weekly newspaper novoe vremya ( new times ) , which was being pressured by moscow &apos;s city government on the pretext of a commercial dispute about a lease .
even within countries experiencing rapid economic growth , an array of factors , exacerbated by tremendous demographic changes , has conspired to transmit inequality of knowledge , social responsibility , and life chances from one generation to the next .
even citizens who prize accuracy have little way of knowing that they are sacrificing it when they switch channels from boring foxes to charismatic hedgehogs .
ironically , extensive research into alternative models was funded through the us department of defense , which , as the world &apos;s largest buyer of complex machinery , wanted better , cheaper and more tailored goods .
the test is not whether traces of those weapons remain , as such traces will be found at disposal sites , but whether those weapons were poised for use in threatening amounts .
legal experts in washington suggest that modest preparations for building missile and radar sites do not violate the abm-treaty and so do not yet require a us notice to quit .
not all exceptional periods create their bonapartes , and this is probably a good thing , for exceptional leaders may give the illusion that all problems have solutions , which is far from true .
for most people , however , life under totalitarian dictatorship was not ennobling ; it was , rather , a daily immersion in lies , spiritual depravity , and material corruption .
germany has recently been overtaken in terms of per capita income by several eu countries , including ireland , the uk , the netherlands , and france , and is still growing more slowly than all of them .
due to the economies of scale that the common market made possible , nokia was able to exploit its inventions fully , while germany &apos;s siemens recently decided to give up on the mobile phone market .
but now the 25 member states must deal with the financial consequences of that enlargement , not just in the overall size of the european union budget for the next seven years , but in who pays and who benefits .
like alexander solzhenitsyn , the pope tends to believe that it was above all in resistance to totalitarianism that man could become truly free and preserve the fundamental values of civilization .
the result , beyond the health benefits for all , has been a proven record of economic growth ; one only has to look at investment in hydropower to see the positive impact of water management projects on many economies .
in public , all contact group members have tried to leave the question of kosovo &apos;s final status open , but informally the us and some of its allies have told the two parties that they will propose independence this year .
given the long lead time between project preparation and the first benefits of emissions reductions , project developers have only a few years to act before carbon payments cease to make a meaningful contribution to project finance in the current context .
a resurgence of substantial inflation may seem unthinkable in today &apos;s environment , but remember that even a relatively modest 6 % annual inflation rate cuts the real value of a nation &apos;s debt in half in just 11 years .
by the time of the next regularly scheduled election , it could become clear that there were no real alternatives to schröder &apos;s policies , and it could even be the case that the predicted beneficial effects of painful reforms will become apparent by then .
then , in auschwitz , the pope said : &quot; i speak in the name of everyone whose rights go unrecognized and violated anywhere in the world , i speak because i am bound , we are all bound , by truth . &quot;
although right-of-center politicians in central european countries formally embrace traditional ideologies , for example , liberalism or conservatism , their electorates , unfamiliar with western political philosophies , do not always understand the real meaning of those terms .
it is an opportune moment : while much of the world &apos;s attention has been fixed on issues of energy supply and security , hundreds of millions of people in the developing world continue to see the supply and security of fresh water as equally , if not more , important .
countries can either harness this growth -- and in so doing , transform their development prospects -- or face the risk of an alienated generation embittered by the unfulfilled chance of a better future .
according to one report , over 60 % of people in their twenties and thirties voted for roh to produce a margin of 2.3 % in this first two-man , head-to-head presidential race in 31 years .
as surveyed in the united nations report the inequality predicament , few countries , rich or poor , have proved immune to the global trend of rising inequality , or to its consequences for education , health , and social welfare .
boom mentality spread to los angeles , new york , and sydney around 1997 , to paris in 1998 , to miami , moscow , and shanghai in 2001 , and vancouver around 2002 .
in the past , the big loser from the eu system , in budgetary terms , was the uk ; for while agriculture accounted for two thirds of all eu spending , the uk had a small farm sector , and therefore received small farm payments .
at the same time , the risks of rejecting turkey must also be taken into account : the likelihood that the reform process would collapse , bringing radical currents to the fore and leading to instability and political unrest at the eu &apos;s doorsteps .
two savage consequences are foreseeable : first , that there is no better way to turn parts of public opinion in the candidate countries against the eu than by allowing local populists to portray the union as an agent of spreading german power .
but the political agenda that he espoused while in office passed away long ago , on may 19 , 1989 , when he appeared in tiananmen square just before dawn to beg tearfully for the forgiveness of protesters .
since britain had been one of the most insistent advocates of enlargement of the eu to the candidates from central and eastern europe , one might have expected that the blair government would have wished to be correspondingly generous to the new-comers in the conduct of the budgetary negotiations .
daniel barenboim is rumored to have left the chicago symphony orchestra in part because he objected to the fundraising demands that were being made of him .
nato peacekeeping troops were not directed to stop the abductions , disappearances , retaliation killings , and massive property destruction by groups of ethnic albanians , which led to a vast reverse ethnic cleansing of the non-albanian ( mainly serb ) population .
chávez insists on the recall referendum mechanism included in his constitution , which the opposition cannot tolerate : removing the president in this way would require a larger absolute number of votes than chávez garnered in the last election .
the clearest case of this comes from hungary , where prime minister viktor orban demanded an abrogation of president edvard benes &apos; decrees of 1945 ( which confiscated the assets of and stripped citizenship from the german and hungarian populations deported from czechoslovakia at that time ) as part of a re-election campaign that failed narrowly .
but the recent death of the stability and growth pact-killed off by germany , its father , with france acting as co-conspirator and willing accomplice-reminds us of a key lesson : elected politicians find it hard , if not impossible , to relinquish substantial power in the area of fiscal policy .
at the end of the 1970 &apos;s , monetarists bet that only a transitory and modest increase in unemployment could rein in the creeping -- and trotting -- inflation of the industrial west , and that in retrospect the cost of returning to effective price stability would be judged worthwhile .
israel &apos;s unilateral withdrawal is the outcome of a deep political shift that has been caused by two somewhat contradictory convictions that have characterized prime minister ariel sharon &apos;s policies since 2003 : first , that the us-initiated &quot; road map &quot; is going nowhere and , second , that the status quo is untenable .
on issues such as terrorism , weapons proliferation , iran , afghanistan ( where we jointly train the country &apos;s future army ) , and africa ( where french initiatives with american support recently succeeded in stabilizing côte d &apos;ivoire and congo ) , europe and the us speak with a common voice .
in the best case scenario , schröder will therefore stick to the &quot; agenda 2010 &quot; philosophy , and müntefering will patiently explain to a reluctant spd that you have to cross the desert in order to make it to the promised land .
in the worst case , schröder will lapse back into populism for the sake of short-term electoral success , and müntefering will confirm that method so as to save the wounded social democratic soul from total despair .
advocates of a softer approach say that if the un stays on the sidelines , it will become irrelevant ; by participating in iraq , it will build trust with america , so that the next time a dispute such as this arises , america will turn earlier to the un .
while both the polish and hungarian communist parties experienced internal liberalization that allowed relatively large semi-official zones of activity outside communist control , czechoslovakia after the soviet-led invasion of 1968 became a rigid neo-stalinist regime .
latin america , the region that tried hardest to implement the &quot; washington consensus &quot; recipes--free trade , price deregulation , and privatization--has experienced low and volatile growth , with widening inequalities .
before becoming premier and party chief , he experimented with everything from the de-collectivization of agriculture and separation of the party from business to laws guaranteeing the rights of journalists and greater openness toward the outside world for ordinary people .
the fed &apos;s failure to raise rates earlier thus holds a powerful lesson for the european central bank : after a prolonged period of monetary stability at unusually low interest rates , waiting too long to raise rates to more normal and appropriate levels holds dangerous consequences .
despite the frequent assurances of un authorities that kosovo is on a path toward reconciliation and true home rule , nato officials indicate that there are plans to maintain a long-term military presence in the province in order to &quot; guarantee that the political process will be concluded successfully . &quot;
turkey &apos;s formal recognition as a candidate state in 1999 led turkey to undertake unprecedented reform efforts in the area of human and minority rights , including abolition of the death penalty , safeguards against torture , promotion of religious freedoms , gender equality , and restriction of the military &apos;s role in political life .
while the kyoto protocol represents only a modest reduction of carbon emissions in industrialized countries -- 5.2 % between 2008-2012 relative to 1990 levels , with varying targets for individual countries -- real progress can be made in sustaining development efforts and preserving our planet .
societies became racially and ethnically complex , as the european , amerindian , and african populations intermarried , but the long-term trend of european dominance , indigenous and afro-american subservience , and entrenched poverty became a scar on latin american societies .
we participated in all the major developments in european music , literature , and film ( think of andrzej wajda &apos;s films from the solidarity era , such as &quot; danton , &quot; which were french co-productions ) .
while completely legal , studies suggest that wal-mart &apos;s labor policies exploit regulatory loopholes that , for example , allow it to sidestep the burden of healthcare costs for many workers ( wal-mart provides healthcare coverage to less than half its workers ) .
the northern european countries feared that deficit spending by the south might ultimately create pressure for partial monetization of their debt through inflation of the euro--or , more precisely , their leaders feared that investors , fearing the same thing , would demand higher interest rates .
after first disputing that there was scientific evidence of the problem , the largest polluter in the world , the us , is now simply refusing to do anything about it ( other than preaching voluntary restraint — of which there is little evidence , at least in america ) .
as a result of a current-account surplus and an interest-rate differential of 3-4 % , foreign reserves reached $ 70.3 billion by the end of 2002--enough to cover almost 15 months of imports--up from only us $ 4 billion in 1990 .
but any attempt to limit the fiscal discretion of america &apos;s federal government in the manner of the stability pact-for example , the infamous gramm / rudman rules of the clinton era-always collapse in the end in the face of presidential and congressional pressure .
if national elections had , say , been held last sunday , february 8 , a centre-right coalition consisting of the christian democrats and the liberals would have won 57 % of the vote , according to &quot; infratest dimap , &quot; one of germany &apos;s main polling institutes .
the &quot; retreat of the state &quot; in much of the developing world in recent decades has involved a generally reduced role for government , including the capacity to lead and sustain development , as well as its progressive social interventions in areas such as public education , health , housing , and utilities .
consider the following stunning fact : together with a few sister &quot; big box &quot; stores ( target , best buy , and home depot ) , wal-mart accounts for roughly 50 % of america &apos;s much vaunted productivity growth edge over europe during the last decade .
the same logic that says we need our $ 70 more than the people of 2100 need an extra $ 500 dictates that we should tax the world &apos;s rich more , as long as each extra $ 500 in first-world taxes generates as little as an extra $ 70 in poor countries per capita incomes .
propaganda , streets lined with cheering iraqis , amazement over the prowess of us smart bombs , would not distract us from an awful truth-that bush and blair shattered world peace , engaged in massive premeditated killing , and did so against overwhelming global opinion .
edmund stoiber , bavaria &apos;s leader , the conservative cdu / csu candidate for german chancellor against current chancellor schroeder , and a staunch advocate of the sudeten germans , demanded that schroeder cancel a scheduled visit to prague in response to zeman &apos;s outburst .
this expression of wounded national pride was enabled by south korea &apos;s tremendous performance in the world cup football tournament last summer , which helped convince ordinary koreans that their country was fully grown up--and thus might be able to stand on its own without the presence of 37,000 us troops .
describing his unsuccessful attempts to obtain well-ordered x-ray diffraction patterns from crystals of the protein pepsin , he wondered whether bernal could help obtain crystals of other proteins .
far from disparaging them as a threat to a new world order , we should recognize that they are , by default , the best hope for that order , and the true alternative to the anarchy caused by the dismal failure of the united nations .
people in shanghai may not talk about london home prices , but shanghai &apos;s opinion leaders know what is happening in london , and the boom there makes it seem plausible that there should be a boom in shanghai , too .
meanwhile , growing unemployment , widening skill and productivity gaps , and the &quot; informalization &quot; or &quot; casualization &quot; of labor markets have exacerbated income inequalities worldwide , as the number of &quot; working poor &quot; and the incidence of &quot; jobless growth &quot; has spread .
with communism gone , however , the problem confronted by john paul ii and his church today is this : in what language can evangelical values be articulated in a world where evil is not incarnated in a political system but is diffused in individual souls ?
they may not pay as heavy a price as france a century and a half ago , when the popularly elected louis napoleon transformed himself , via a wildly popular referendum , into napoleon iii--that vote being the last the french would enjoy until the end of the second empire .
so when the british came to terms with this harsh reality , they played out the lamentable end-game of their management of the negotiations with small-minded cheese-paring and logic-chopping offers , all designed primarily to safeguard narrow british interests , mainly at the expense of the new member states .
the record suggests that an adequate growth program needs to be anchored in two strategies : an investment strategy designed to kick-start growth in the short term , and an institution-building strategy designed to provide an economy with resilience in the face of adverse shocks .
erika steinbach , president of the association of deportees ( from the east ) and a member of stoiber &apos;s cdu , argues that the issue of the deportation of german populations is one faced by poles , czechs , slovaks and slovenes , thus taking in most of east / central europe .
these sentiments will form part of the diplomatic test shaping roh &apos;s presidency from the start , for he must re-engineer relations with america at the same time that the bush administration is fretting about north korea &apos;s nuclear ambitions and its role in spreading weapons of mass destruction to rogue states .
our civilization , despite its drugs , prostitution , alcoholism , incivility , and vandalism , will always be better than rule by mullahs or soldiers , because its social problems can be allayed , if never entirely eliminated , without changing the foundations of the regime .
now is the chance to look forward and enlist the global community -- with no exclusions , although with differentiated responsibilities -- in the pursuit of a more secure world , one that avoids the dire risks of environmental degradation and social conflict implied by inaction .
performing arts advocates in europe point to the us where , among other things , music directors of even major orchestras are now expected to fully participate in fundraising activities and be active in the local community on the orchestras behalf .
when the 13 british colonies in north america launched their own war of independence , thomas jefferson understood that &quot; the decent respect to the opinions of mankind &quot; required an explanation for that war , which he set forth in the declaration of independence .
similarly , the rate at which eighth graders from the dominican republic entered upper secondary levels increased when they were simply told how much more those who finished high school earned -- an amount they had vastly underestimated .
because american orchestras can &apos;t count on schools or government to provide the basic music education necessary to ensure a continuing audience for classical music , some orchestras are doing it themselves with private money .
as a consequence , german chancellors usually preside over coalition governments , and their effective authority is based on the loyalty of the party forces they command within such political alliances .
everyone has an interest in a world in which force is used only as a last resort , terrorism is regarded as beyond the pale , weapons of mass destruction do not spread and are not used , free trade becomes the norm , citizens enjoy basic liberties , democratic values triumph , and the rule of law replaces the way of the gun .
after all , if politicians could not win elections by taking money from some-including future generations , which will have to foot a portion of the bill-and giving it to others , they would have to work much harder to display some ability in producing public benefits for all .
confronted with the problem of bringing about positive changes in a domestic or international environment that seems to defy the power of &quot; normal &quot; leaders , one looks for new alexanders to untie the &quot; gordian knot &quot; and transcend complexity by sheer force of will and dynamism .
from stephen roach at morgan stanley to paul krugman at princeton , to the governors of the us federal reserve and the senior staff at the european central bank , to almost everyone in japan , economists all over the world are worrying about deflation .
in central europe this effect has been amplified by the fact that , regardless of ideological leanings , rulings parties have had to privatize the economy and , under pressure from the european union , introduce reform measures that would , in a classical western system , usually be undertaken by the political right .
this was subsequently replaced with a two-tier exchange-rate system making the rupee partially convertible--60 % of export earnings could be converted at the market exchange rate , and the rest at the rbi &apos;s fixed rate ( used by the government to finance essential imports like petroleum , cooking oil , fertilizers , and life-saving drugs ) .
three psychological causes stand out : first , a change in people &apos;s perceptions about the source of value in a changing world economy ; second , increasing public faith in &quot; glamour &quot; cities with international name recognition ; and third , the plain giddy dynamics of speculative bubbles .
some time over the next month or two , the balkan contact group — the us , uk , france , germany , italy , and russia -- will consider ahtisaari &apos;s recommendations on kosovo &apos;s final status and possibly propose a solution to the security council , which must make the final decision .
in such democracies without democrats , &quot; human rights &quot; are more problematic to discuss than procedural formalities , because they are not thought of as &quot; rights &quot; in the legal sense , but merely as pangs of conscience , or else as gifts to be exchanged for something else of value .
during the winter of 1976 , when premier zhou enlai ( viewed as a relative liberal in the maoist hierarchy ) died , tens of thousands of people spontaneously flooded tiananmen square , giving the party a tremendous fright .
in may 1997 , the tarapore committee on capital account convertibility charted a three-stage liberalization process to be completed by 1999-2000 , with an accompanying emphasis on fiscal consolidation , a mandated inflation target , and a strong financial system .
what is certain is that the vacuum left by sharon &apos;s departure from politics is all the more striking in view of the images of chaos emerging from the gaza that israel has vacated , and the collapse of the palestinian authority before our eyes .
in developing countries , capital controls to prevent financial crises are feared as obstacles to attracting the finance necessary for industrialization , and as potential sources of corruption as financial flows somehow pass through the hands of the vice minister of finance &apos;s nephew-in-law .
a friend of bernal &apos;s named glenn millikan had happened to visit a lab in uppsala , sweden , where large pepsin crystals had been obtained , and he brought some of the crystals , still in their mother-liquor , back to cambridge .
the palestinian leadership could also start down the difficult road of telling the refugees that -- contrary to almost 50 years of palestinian propaganda -- they will not return to israel , but will have to be settled in the west bank and gaza , the areas that will become part of the eventual palestinian state .
on the israeli side , further disengagement from dozens of isolated and small settlements on the west bank , entailing the evacuation of between 20,000 and 30,000 settlers , may be politically feasible and would give the palestinians a contiguous territory on the west bank .
the problem is that economic and social reform are purely national responsibilities , and do not lie within the competence of the union ; if there is to be economic and social reform in france and germany , that is a matter exclusively for french and german voters and politicians .
in contrast to europe and russia , china is not party to an alliance ( as is europe ) or to a network of arms control treaties through which political solutions can evolve ( like russia ) , factors that contribute to asian instabilities and chinese sensitivity .
yet america and europe often do not seem to see the world through the same glasses : spain &apos;s response to the terrorist attacks - a threat common to all democracies - was to vote in a government promising an end to pro-us policy on iraq .
as eu expansion looms , europe &apos;s mission must not become undermined by the advocates of that old and &quot; other &quot; central europe , politicians who prefer to wallow in the past rather than think in responsible ways about building a peaceful and prosperous europe .
implementing such a strategy may differ from country to country , depending on administrative capacity , the prevailing incentive regime , the flexibility of the fiscal system , the degree of sophistication of the financial sector , and the underlying political economy .
so john paul ii is no enthusiast of modern western civilization , with its divorce from the world of values , and he contrasts with it the moral sensitivity of societies with fresh memories of decades of dictatorship .
we find that the media not only fail to weed out bad ideas , but that they often favor bad ideas , especially when the truth is too messy to be packaged neatly .
these countries saw that southern european countries--italy and greece were the biggest worries--traditionally had high debt-to-gdp ratios and relatively high nominal interest rates because of their perceived tolerance of inflation .
schröder has been representing a moderately left political platform and agenda , one comparable to british prime minister tony blair &apos;s new labour philosophy or former us president bill clinton &apos;s centrism .
various rightist parties failed to decide whether the modus operandi on the political right should be traditional western ideologies or a hungarian brand of nationalist conservatism and populism .
it is not that the end of european monetary union is on the agenda ; it is merely that people have begun thinking about possible low-probability futures in which the end of emu might be placed on the agenda .
an unprecedented degree of solidarity now exists across europe , as was apparent in the collective mourning and outpouring of sympathy towards spain ; we must build on that huge potential to create a logic of solidarity in the world .
they repeated the x-ray experiment , but with the crystal surrounded by its mother-liquor and sealed in a glass capillary , obtaining patterns with large numbers of crystalline reflections .
rather than jumping out to the coasts -- 80 % of all americans live within 80 kilometers of the pacific or atlantic oceans -- wal-marts have spread organically through an ever-expanding supply chain .
it is one thing to back the &quot; european project &quot; when the idea is to bind germany so tightly to france that never again will anybody think it worthwhile to wage a war over what language is spoken in alsace-lorraine .
in the end , john paul ii does not fit neatly into any category and often represents a meeting of opposites : rejection of compromise with ecumenism , toughness with warmth , intellectual openness with insistence on theological orthodoxy .
the carrot is needed because there is great social value in discovering , for example , that cut flowers , or soccer balls , or computer software can be produced at low cost , because this knowledge can orient the investments of other entrepreneurs .
similarly , payments for those who are killed amount to only $ 500,000 , which is far less than standard estimates of the lifetime economic cost of a death , sometimes referred to as the statistical value of a life ( $ 6.1 to $ 6.5 million ) .
the others have declared for several years their interest in adopting the euro early on , in some cases unilaterally , even before entry into the eu--a position openly supported by the national bank of poland , and less forcefully by the national bank of hungary and the czech national bank .
they thus shifted the debt burden away from the next generation and onto investors who did not bail out of the bond market at the first sign of rising prices , or who postponed buying a house when inflation would have wiped out the real value of their mortgage debt .
it claims that if kosovo is granted independence , the ultranationalist radical party will come to power in the next elections , and believes that holding elections as early as this year will cause the contact group to delay a proposal to the security council .
moreover , the direct annual hospital costs attributable to adr &apos;s run into the billions of dollars , and this does not include all the suffering that adr &apos;s cause that does not lead to hospitalization ( or death ) .
the rich have long fought against taxation needed to increase investment in the education and health of the poor , perpetuating deep social divisions and leaving many people without the health and skills that global competitiveness requires .
since 1991 india has been travelling on a path from rupee devaluation to full convertibility , with the reserve bank of india ( rbi ) relaxing a range of foreign-exchange controls .
in addition to the lack of an adequate civilian and security presence to reassure every community of its safety , the overall lack of legal mechanisms to deliver swift justice for crimes committed during and after the intervention created additional tension .
america relies on partnerships in the global war on terrorism : foreign governments provide intelligence and law enforcement cooperation ; trading partners ensure the security of shipping containers ; private financial institutions help track the transfers of funds that sustain terror networks .
but europe should also reflect on its own practices , including trade policy , where the eu works systematically to unbalance the global trade regime against developing countries , despite promising that those imbalances would be corrected in the current round of trade negotiations .
this debate has not happened in the us , despite vague attempts at the beginning of the first clinton administration ; it has barely begun with tony blair &apos;s &quot; third way &quot; in the uk , or with gerhard schröder &apos;s variant in germany .
the trustees of the us medicare trust funds ( providing medical services to the retired ) estimate that their unfunded obligations have a present value of $ 5.9 trillion--50 % larger than america &apos;s official publicly-held national debt .
ours is a civilization that accepts selfishness towards one &apos;s own family and group ; that tolerates , with few exceptions , autonomy in moral matters ; and that considers blasphemy , criticism of authority , and even civil disobedience fundamental freedoms .
but , despite their progress in bringing their inflation and interest rates closer to eu levels , many candidate countries fear that with the full opening up to capital flows--a requirement of accession--they will be exposed to the risk of sudden stops in capital flows and currency crises .
this was the great lesson of the 1970 &apos;s and early 1980 &apos;s , when rampant inflation forced politicians to surrender this power to independent central banks , which alone could convince markets that price stability would be restored .
indeed , when asked by bush to look into the matter , america &apos;s national academy of sciences came to a resounding verdict ( the only one they could honestly reach ) that greenhouse gases are a menace .
nevertheless , the issue rekindles old debates over deterrence , mutual assured destruction and nuclear arms control , and revives the rivalry between the nuclear powers just when nuclear weapons had lost much of their relevance .
bernal &apos;s main scientific interest was initially the atomic structure of crystals , metals , and minerals , then of hormones and sterols--and of some amino acids , the building blocks of proteins .
part of what happened--or , rather what didn &apos;t happen--is admirable : almost no effort was made to muzzle criticism of the government , as happens in china and scores of dictatorial countries .
but they are exceptions : the cumulative impact of these reforms over the past 25 years has been greater inequality in most developed and developing countries , with rising unemployment , greater earnings disparities , reduced social protection , and environmental degradation .
although max von laue , walter friedrich , and paul knipping had discovered the diffraction of x-rays by crystals , it was lawrence bragg who understood how it could be exploited scientifically .
for example , he said that he would not kow-tow to the us or visit washington just for the sake of a photo opportunity he also promised to continue president kim dae jung &apos;s &quot; sunshine policy &quot; of engagement with the north .
the us economy has many other strengths , including its superior financial system and leading position in high-tech capital goods , but the fact remains that america &apos;s advantage in these areas has so far not been nearly as striking as the wal-mart phenomenon .
arguably , since the government has not reined in other expenditures or increased taxes , the expenditures have been debt financed , and the interest costs on this debt add another $ 98 billion ( conservative ) to $ 385 billion ( moderate ) to the budgetary costs .
indeed , the accession countries that have not implemented a currency board have seen their budget deficits surge--exceeding 9 % of gdp in hungary in 2002 and more than 5 % in poland , the czech republic , and slovakia--while large capital inflows have kept their currencies under strong pressure to appreciate .
this promotes a sense of participation , but as a friend , seasoned in such matters , informed me , the key in the end is to ignore all the comments received and to write up the report as if there were no web site and no participation .
this will depend on an objective assessment of the costs of the war in terms of loss of life , destruction of property , economic impact within iraq , spillovers into other forms of violence such as terrorism , and geopolitical consequences .
both politicians will constitute a tandem , but schröder will be more dependent on müntefering &apos;s loyalty than müntefering is dependent on schröder &apos;s success .
however , the main source of any german chancellor &apos;s strength is not to be found in the legal powers conferred upon him by the constitution ; it is the actual support he holds within his own party .
with one notable exception in the 1950 &apos;s , none of germany &apos;s two main political parties - the social democrats and the moderately conservative christian democrats - has ever managed to win an absolute majority in parliament .
unfortunately , in an effort that was widely seen as another attempt to undermine multilateralism , the us tried to lead a &quot; core group &quot; driving the assistance program , ignoring ongoing efforts within the region and at the un .
back in 1933 irving fisher --milton friedman &apos;s predecessor atop america &apos;s monetarist school of economists-- announced that governments could prevent deep depressions by avoiding deflation .
a water investment policy that reduces the vulnerability of the poor and offers basic water security for all will require customized planning and an effective partnership of donor countries , developing country governments , the private sector , and local communities .
but the real problem for my office is neither ignorance nor legal infirmity , it is that in an under-developed legal system such as russia &apos;s , my authority is mostly personal , and requires help from the mass media .
the two frontrunners to succeed him , dominique de villepin and nicolas sarkozy , both in government , compete on a reformist agenda , but pre-election years do not encourage bold moves .
for example , the bush administration has been doing everything it can to hide the huge number of returning veterans who are severely wounded -- 16,000 so far , including roughly 20 % with serious brain and head injuries .
they worry that even after undertaking structural reforms to reduce the attractiveness of unemployment benefits and increase the ability of workers to move to jobs and of firms to move to workers , central bankers will continue to insist on tight money .
was sharon really convinced by demographers that the &quot; great israel &quot; that once seemed to be his dream would actually mean the end of a jewish state , or did his disengagement strategy of &quot; gaza first &quot; really mean &quot; gaza last &quot; ?
all of a sudden tremendously destructive herd-driven financial crises were back : mexico , thailand , korea , brazil , and so on looked like nothing as much as the us financial panic of 1873 or the austrian creditanstalt crisis of 1931 .
but the reality is that steps toward looser monetary policies are non-existent -- especially with the fledgling european central bank anxious to establish its inflation-fighting credibility -- and that steps toward structural reforms are half-hearted , hesitant , and small .
nevertheless , it &apos;s time to recognize that governments are ill-equipped to understand the sophisticated technological challenges and opportunities facing the world , and that new ways are needed to ensure that science and technology are given the prominence needed to address a wide range of increasingly urgent global problems .
as we sift the debris of the war to liberate iraq , it will be important to preserve-the better to understand-the intellectual wreckage of the liberal conceit of security through international law administered by international institutions .
even the import-substitution policies , now universally scorned , were originally adopted by the developing world for good ( as well as bad ) reasons : the protectionist shutting-off of developed-country markets during the great depression which had disastrous consequences for the developing economies .
argentina &apos;s crisis at the end of 2001 looked remarkably like argentina &apos;s baring brothers crisis of 1890 -- save that politicians and international bankers seem to have had a much better idea of what to do to minimize the damage in 1890 than they do today .
from one perspective , it is good that the euro zone &apos;s finance ministers are eager to keep their national debts low in the long term : it is a sign that the victories over inflation won in the 1970 &apos;s will not be casually thrown away .
in many parts of europe , however , turkey &apos;s admission to the eu is viewed with <<unk>> ticism owing to its size , relatively poor economy , fears of massive immigration , and , above all , cultural and societal differences - a euphemism for islam .
the current boom has seen contagion within markets and across markets , as rising prices fuel popular excitement - and hence further price increases - in the same city , and then in other cities , even on the other side of the globe .
while americans claim that nmd is not directed against anyone , that all the us wants is to protect its citizens against states like iraq or north korea , almost everyone else thinks differently : russians fear that america wants to cement its military superiority ( and russia &apos;s inferiority ) forever ; the chinese are concerned that nmd signals american readiness to help taiwan remain independent ; europeans worry that america &apos;s plans invite tensions with russia and may separate the us from europe .
in view of germany &apos;s most pressing problems - an accelerating demographic decline , an overregulated labour market , and a cloudy and confusing tax system - schröder &apos;s reform agenda may look far too timid , but many cuts have been perceived as extremely cruel by the spd &apos;s core constituency , especially the powerful labour unions .
the need to refute arguments against turkey &apos;s admission to the eu leaves the advantages rarely mentioned : its unique geopolitical position at the crossroads of the balkans , southern caucasus , central asia , and the middle east - vitally important regions for europe &apos;s security ; its role as mayor transit country for energy supplies ; its military capabilities at a time when the eu is developing its new european defense policy ; and the great potential of the turkish economy , with its young and dynamic labor force .
true , the defense against missiles which bill clinton ( reluctantly ) and george w. bush ( enthusiastically ) are proposing -- with massive support from america &apos;s congress -- is different from ronald reagan &apos;s star wars dream of twenty years ago : nmd is supposed to catch only a modest number of warheads , not provide complete protection against enemy missiles .
it is based on the bet that there will be a considerable economic upswing from mid-2004 onwards until the next national elections in autumn 2006 - and that voters will attribute the expected recovery to the economic , labour market and welfare state reforms , called &quot; agenda 2010 , &quot; that schröder has made the hallmark of his chancellorship .
although the social democrats never really liked schröder ( they certainly do not love him in the way they did the unforgettable willy brandt ) , they willy-nilly followed him so long as they saw him as the only guarantor of electoral success after 16 frustrating years ( 1982-1998 ) in opposition to helmut kohl .
myriad details were addressed : thailand flew ambassadors to the affected part of the country to help attend to the needs of their citizens , helped those who lost their money and passports return home , provided health care for the injured , set up systems to identify bodies , and dealt with the difficulties posed by shortages of body bags and the lack of cold storage facilities .
eu farm policy has started to be reformed , and its share of the eu budget has fallen from over 60 % to 40 % ; britain has for several years enjoyed significantly faster economic growth than most other member states , so that it is now one of the richer eu countries , even compared with france and germany ; and the new member states are so much poorer than even the poorest of the old members , that they have an unanswerable moral case for a generous share of whatever budget could be negotiated .
almost everyone -- except the likes of exxonmobil , us vice president dick cheney , and their paid servants and deluded acolytes -- understands that when humans burn hydrocarbons , carbon dioxide goes into the atmosphere , where it acts like a giant blanket , absorbing infrared radiation coming up from below and warming the earth .
that orban seconded stoiber &apos;s demands came as something of a gift from god to the slovak nationalist vladimir meciar in his bid to become prime minister once more , as it allowed him to argue that his domestic opponents were preparing to surrender to eu pressure and force slovakia to compensate the hungarians expelled by benes in 1945 .
but we want structured co-operation - meaning that some european states may press ahead in defense capacity - because we are not prepared to let the more cautious and hesitant dictate a recurrence of the balkan tragedy of the 1990 &apos;s , when europeans couldn &apos;t act and americans wouldn &apos;t ( for a while ) .
roh , a self-made man who passed a bar examination without going to college and law school , succeeded in convincing voters that he would usher in a new brand of politics reflecting south korea &apos;s growing wealth and middle class sentiments , thereby sweeping away insider-dominated politics , regional bickering , and factional struggles .
that worry was dented when viktor orban &apos;s fidesz party lost in hungary &apos;s recent parliamentary elections , but other politicians happy to demagogue national resentments - vaclav klaus in prague , edmund stoiber in germany , vladimir meciar in slovakia - still see nationalism as an electoral plus despite orban &apos;s defeat .
ironically , while arts advocates in the united states have long argued for adoption of the &quot; european model &quot; -- which has produced a rich and varied artistic life for europeans -- europe is being forced to change its system of support to one that depends more on private money and the box office .
whom would you pick : an expert who balances conflicting arguments and concludes that the likeliest outcome is more of the same , or an expert who gets viewers on the edge of their seats over radical islamists seizing control and causing oil prices to soar ?
in the same period , doomsters performed even more poorly , exaggerating the chances of negative changes in all the same places where boomsters accentuated the positive , plus several more ( i still await the impending disintegration of canada , nigeria , india , indonesia , south africa , belgium , and sudan ) .
reflection by &quot; bragg planes &quot; --sheets of atoms that can diffract x-rays at specific angles that are determined by the separation between sheets--enabled the braggs to calculate the exact arrangement of sodium and chloride atoms in a crystal of salt .
in the us , the bush administration is <<unk>> tical of the stimulative power of monetary policy and wants bigger fiscal deficits to reduce unemployment , hoping that the future dangers posed by persistent deficits -- low investment , slow growth , loss of confidence , uncontrolled inflation and exchange rate depreciation-- can be finessed , or will not become visible until after the bush team leaves office .
beyond europe this is true even for the recently acclaimed brazilian president luis inacio &quot; lula &quot; da silva , to say nothing of mexican president vicente fox and south korean president roh moo-hyun , the latter having called for a referendum to help arrest his sinking popularity .
among them were two recent cambridge graduates , william astbury and john desmond bernal , who became interested in the problem of protein structure--astbury as a result of being asked by bragg to provide x-ray diagrams of wool and silk .
latin american countries should aim to increase spending to around 2 % of gnp ( from 0.5 % currently ) , partly through public support for laboratories and universities and partly through incentives for private-sector r &amp; d. they should roll out the red carpet for high-tech multinational firms , just as asia has done .
&quot; the period of wage moderation may be coming to an end , &quot; warns otmar issing , the ecb &apos;s chief economist , implying that soaring energy prices may now be feeding through into the overall price level ( so-called &quot; second-round effects &quot; ) .
developing countries &apos; international terms of trade have worsened : prices of primary commodities have declined in relation to manufactures , as have tropical agriculture prices against temperate agriculture , and prices of generic manufactures have fallen relative to output protected by intellectual property rights .
he was let out from time to time , but under guard like a zoo animal , to go to some spa or to play solitary holes of golf , one of the many manifestations of &quot; bourgeois liberalization &quot; that his reform efforts allowed to leak through china &apos;s once hermetic seal .
as free iraqis document the quarter-century nightmare of saddam &apos;s rule , we must not forget who supported this war and who did not , who held that the international community &apos;s moral authority was enshrined in pleas for more time for the un arms inspectors , and who marched against &quot; regime change &quot; .
baghdad has repeatedly accused the assad regime of allowing iraqi funds to be channeled to insurgents , and recently notified the syrians that the photograph of a senior syrian intelligence official taken with an islamist combatant was found on the latter &apos;s body in falluja .
concerned that the bush administration might be misleading everyone about the iraq war &apos;s costs , just as it had about iraq &apos;s weapons of mass destruction and connection with al qaida , i teamed up with linda bilmes , a budget expert at harvard , to examine the issue .
but failure to proceed definitively now on kosovo &apos;s final status will produce a worse balkan situation , one that blocks serbia &apos;s move toward the west and ultimate membership in the eu , condemns kosovo &apos;s ethnic minorities to dangerous ambiguity , and imperils fragile states like bosnia and macedonia .
he has become a nearly revered figure in his country , and large segments of western public opinion believe that his political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region , even as he remains hated in large parts of the arab and muslim world .
sharon &apos;s transformation from villain to hero within the space of a mere few years is a source of fascination for his people , the region , and the world -- all the more so because his ultimate intentions will remain a subject of endless dispute among historians tomorrow and among politicians claiming to be his faithful heirs today .
this legacy shaped the intellectual environment in which the father-and-son team of william and lawrence bragg were trained , and where lawrence bragg--first as an undergraduate and then as a research student--developed in 1912 the ideas that led to x-ray structural analysis .
while it seems to be premature to speak , as some in germany now do , of a &quot; twilight of the chancellor &quot; or to call schröder &apos;s surprising step &quot; the beginning of the end &quot; of his tenure , it is perfectly correct to describe it as a dramatic loss of power .
although zhao was no visionary , no vaclav havel or lech walesa , and not even anti-communist , his agenda in the mid-1980 &apos;s embraced the economy , politics , culture , media , and society , and it led to one of the most open and intellectually rich periods of chinese history .
it was only natural that where chemistry fell short , physics--and its premier laboratory--showed the way forward , a way grasped by watson and crick in the epic breakthrough that we celebrate this month .
when his bizarre and unscheduled appearance in the square was broadcast on central chinese television the next morning -- during one of the last days of uncensored media coverage -- people across china were stunned by this fleeting moment of all-too-human , official anguish .
starting at the epicenter in bentonville , arkansas , where sam walton opened his first store in 1962 , giant boxy wal-mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average american lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
one of chávez &apos;s discredited predecessors was impeached on flimsy charges of malfeasance ; ecuador &apos;s congress declared a disastrous chief executive &quot; mentally incompetent &quot; ; in peru , an autocratic president , after months of domestic and international pressure , was forced into exile .
but as iraq spirals into chaos , diplomats and leaders everywhere are again asking themselves if it is ever appropriate for alliances of nations or the international community as a whole to intervene when a sovereign country appears unable or unwilling to defend its citizens from genocide , war crimes , or ethnic cleansing .
foxes will often agree with hedgehogs up to a point , before complicating things : &quot; yes , my colleague is right that the saudi monarchy is vulnerable , but remember that coups are rare and that the government commands many means of squelching opposition . &quot;
on that spot , that golgotha of modern times , he called the poles , who remembered dear ones gassed to death in auschwitz &apos;s crematoria as well as those frozen into glass in siberia &apos;s concentration camps , to a brotherhood devoted to struggle against even justified hatred and revenge .
in their 2003 report , the trustees of the us social security administration trust funds estimate that maintaining the social security system &apos;s solvency for the next 75 years will require an amount whose present value is $ 3.5 trillion , nearly equal to today &apos;s total us government debt ( $ 3.9 trillion ) .
as the crackdown following those heady weeks of free expression and assembly came to its apocalyptic end on the night of june 3-4 , zhao vanished , sucked down the party &apos;s memory hole into which so many other leaders have vanished since china &apos;s &quot; socialist liberation . &quot;
because the risk of heart attacks is high in older people , many of whom have arthritic pain requiring treatment with painkillers , it took six years to link cox-2 inhibitors to a two- to three-fold increase in the risk of heart attacks .
in cameroon , horizon jeunes , a reproductive health program that targets urban youth , increased young people &apos;s knowledge of reproductive health and successfully changed their behavior , with condom use among females increasing from 58 % to 76 % in the treatment group .
in the spirit of post-war reconciliation that diplomats are always keen to engender , we must not reconcile ourselves to the timid , blighted notion that world order requires us to recoil before rogue states that terrorize their citizens and menace our own .
the british long complained of the unfairness of these rules , especially in view of the fact that the uk was one of the relatively poorer member states ; and in 1984 , margaret thatcher &apos;s conservative government demanded , and got , a massive rebate on its net contribution to the eu budget .
between 1985 and 2005 , boomsters made 10-year forecasts that exaggerated the chances of big positive changes in both financial markets ( e.g. , a dow jones industrial average of 36,000 ) and world politics ( e.g. , tranquility in the middle east and dynamic growth in sub-saharan africa ) .
finally , almost everyone agrees that governments , non-profit institutions , and energy companies should be spending far more to develop technologies that generate non-carbon-emitting power , that remove it from the atmosphere to forests or oceans , and that cool the earth by reflecting more of the sunlight that lands on it .
in the late 1940s , those present at the creation of the post-world war ii international economic order tried to create an international monetary system that would ( a ) allow for exchange rates stable enough for producers and consumers to escape the risks of excessive and irrational exchange rate fluctuations , ( b ) allow countries to follow their own domestic macroeconomic policies , and ( c ) prevent the catastrophic panics affecting not just individual banks but whole countries that produced the destructive international financial crisis of the great depression .
since the election that brought the coalition of wolfgang schüssel &apos;s and jorg haider &apos;s parties to power in vienna , austria &apos;s relations with the <<unk>> boring czech republic have deteriorated over two issues : a demand that the czechs shutdown the temelin nuclear power plant on the austrian border , and revoke the benes decrees in which sudeten germans were deported from czechoslovakia and settled massively in bavaria but also in austria .
