irák vlastní zbraně hromadného ničení ;
iraq possesses weapons of mass destruction ;
iraq has its own weapons of mass destruction ;
iraq to its own weapons of mass destruction ;

to jsou pochopitelně spletité otázky .
these are obviously knotty questions .
of course , these are the same airports .
this is , of course , a split issue .

naštěstí stála británie vždy poněkud stranou .
fortunately , britain has always been an outsider .
fortunately , britain has always been a little aside .
fortunately , britain has always been a little party to britain .

prezident evropské komise prodi .
commission president prodi .
the president of the european commission will be prodi .
the president of the european commission is prodi .

skutečné náklady války v iráku
the true costs of the iraq war
the real cost of war in iraq
the real cost of war in iraq in iraq

projekty tudíž musí být uvedeny do praxe nejpozději do roku 2007 .
therefore , projects need to be operational at the latest by 2007 .
the projects must therefore be put into practice by 2007 at the latest .
the projects must therefore be put into practice by the end of 2007 .

státní převrat arnolda schwarzeneggera
the eighteenth brumaire of arnold schwarzenegger
state coup d arnolda schwareggera
state transfer of arnolla schwarzens of eggs

kdo prosazuje velké ekonomické cíle , k nimž patří i rozšíření ?
who is championing bold economic measures such as enlargement ?
who is promoting major economic objectives , which include enlargement ?
who promotes major economic objectives , which include enlargement ?

nemluvím o zásadách , ale o politice .
i speak not of principles , but of policy .
i am not talking about principles , but about politics .
i am not talking about principles , but about politics .

můžeme jim čelit něčím jiným než právy jednotlivce ?
can we oppose them with anything but individual rights ?
can we face them with something other than individual rights ?
can we face some other rights than individual rights ?

dlouhodobý ekonomický pokrok pramení především z objevů a šíření zdokonalených technologií .
long-term economic progress comes mainly from the invention and spread of improved technologies .
long-term economic progress will , above all , emerge from discoveries and the spread of improved technologies .
long-term economic progress is being made , above all , from the dissemination and dissemination of improved technologies .

to však bude téměř nemožné bez spolupráce nevládních organizací na obranu lidských práv v rusku .
this will be all but impossible without cooperation with non-governmental human rights organizations in russia .
however , this will be almost impossible without the cooperation of non-governmental organisations on the defence of human rights in russia .
however , this will almost be impossible without cooperation by ngos in defence of human rights in russia .

existuje také všeobecná neochota nežádoucí účinky léčiv ohlašovat .
there is also a general reluctance to report unfavorable drug effects .
there is also a general reluctance and undesirable effects of medicinal products .
there is also a general unwilling and undesirable impact on medicines .

obdobně výjimečnou zátěž představují v africe i další parazitická onemocnění .
other tropical parasitic diseases imply similarly extraordinary burdens in africa .
similarly , the exceptional burden in africa is another parameter of diseases .
similarly , the exceptional burden in africa is another parameter disease in africa .

charakteristika této nové struktury již byla zkoumána ve velmi odlišném kontextu .
the characteristics of this new structure have already been studied in a very different context .
the characteristic of this new structure has already been examined in a very different context .
the characteristic of this new structure has already been examined in a very different context .

obě země jsou koneckonců konfrontovány stejnými příležitostmi a stejnými handicapy .
both countries , after all , confront the same opportunities and handicaps .
after all , both countries are confronted with the same opportunities and the same handicaps .
after all , both countries are confronted with the same opportunities and the same handicaps .

bylo by bláhové popírat , že některé z těchto faktorů představují vážný problém .
it would be foolish to deny that some of these factors represent serious challenges .
it would be a slaughter to deny that some of these factors represent a serious problem .
it would be a blow to deny that some of these factors represent a serious problem .

po desetiletí trvajícím odstavení od moci náhle poláci znovu získali možnost sebeurčení .
after decades of disempowerment , poles suddenly regained their capacity for self-determination .
after decades of dubious decommissioning from power , poles once again received the possibility of self-determination .
for decades , the permanent decommissioning of power from a sudden poles has once again gained the possibility of self-determination .

bushův postoj je více než jen mylný ; je přímo trapný .
bush &apos;s position is more than wrong ; it is an embarrassment .
the bush position is more than just mistaken ; it is straightforward .
bush &apos;s position is more than just a myth ; it is directly embarrassing .

jsem tedy přesvědčena , že déletrvající roztržka na obzoru není .
so i do not believe that a lasting rift looms .
i am therefore convinced that the hallmark of the market on the footwear is not .
therefore , i believe that the depletion of the market on the obesity is not .

tyto růstové rozdíly naznačují , že celková globální nerovnost nemusela jednoznačně zesílit .
such growth differences suggest that overall global inequality may not have increased unequivocally .
these root differences indicate that global inequality has not had to increase unequivocally .
these growth differences indicate that overall global inequality did not have to make it clear .

když do hry vstoupilo japonsko , ztratily konkurenční výhodu například německé přesné nástroje a optická zařízení .
german precision instruments and optical equipment , for example , lost their competitive edge when japan entered the game .
when japan entered the game , they lost a competitive advantage , for example , for german accurate instruments and optional facilities .
when japan entered the game , it lost a competitive advantage , for example , for german accurate instruments and opium facilities .

žádná společnost zatím nevytvořila všeobecně uznávanou metodu , jak měřit úspěšnost expertokracie .
no society has yet created a widely trusted method for keeping score on the punditocracy .
no company has so far created a generally recognised method of measuring the success of the expertise of the cradle .
meanwhile , no society has created a generally recognised method of measuring the success of the expertise of the countryside .

zdá se , že také načasování referenda o ústavě je součástí této zdržovací taktiky .
the timing of the constitutional referendum appears to be a part of this delaying strategy .
it seems that the timing of the referendum on the constitution also appears to be part of this delayed tactics .
it seems that the timing of the referendum on the constitution is also part of this abstention .

má vlast , polsko , měla vždy hluboké kulturní vazby k jiným evropským zemím , zejména k francii .
my country , poland , has always had deep cultural ties to other european countries , especially france .
my home country , poland , has always had deep cultural ties to other european countries , particularly france .
my country , poland , has always had deep cultural links to other european countries , especially france .

odstranění vnitřních hranic eu přineslo všem zemím podstatné rozšíření trhu a možnost uplatnění množstevních úspor .
the dismantling of the eu &apos;s internal borders boosted each country &apos;s market size and brought about the predicted economies of scale .
the removal of the eu &apos;s internal borders has brought significant expansion to all countries of the market and the possibility of applying quantitative savings .
the removal of the internal borders of the eu has brought to all countries with significant expansion of the market and the possibility of applying quantitative savings .

ve skutečnosti útoky , ač nečekané co do metody , symbolického charakteru a rozsahu , nic nezměnily .
in fact , the attacks , while surprising in their method , symbolic character , and scope , changed nothing .
in fact , the attacks , although unexpected as to the methods , symbolic nature and scope , have not changed anything .
in fact , the attacks , which were not expected to go into the methods , symbolic nature and scope have changed nothing .

naopak biče je zapotřebí k tomu , aby tyto pobídky nebyly blokovány v neproduktivních a zbytečných investicích .
in turn , the stick is needed to ensure that these incentives do not lock in unproductive and wasteful investments .
on the contrary , there is a need for these incentives not to be blocked in unproductive and unnecessary investment .
on the contrary , bias is needed to ensure that these incentives are not blocked in non-productive and unnecessary investment .

klíčovou výzvou ekonomického rozvoje je rozpoznat , v produkci čeho je země dobrá ( nebo by dobrá mohla být ) .
learning what a country is ( or can be ) good at producing is a key challenge of economic development .
the key challenge of economic development is to recognise what the country is good ( or would be good ) .
the key challenge of economic development is to recognise what the country is good ( or good could be ) .

na západě se objevily snahy z naší pohnuté doby vykouzlit <unk> střet civilizací &quot; .
some in the west have tried to conjure a &quot; clash of civilizations &quot; out of our troubled times .
in the west , efforts have emerged from our missing time to smoke the clashes of civilisations &apos; .
in the west , efforts have emerged from our missing time to fill the clashes of civilisation &apos; .

to však pomohlo spíše malým než velkým evropským státům a pro německo jakožto největší evropskou ekonomiku to znamenalo další konkurenci .
but this helped europe &apos;s small countries more than the big ones , and it implied more competition for germany , europe &apos;s biggest economy .
however , this has helped small rather than large european states , and for germany , as the largest european economy , this has meant further competition .
however , this has helped small , rather than large european states , and for germany as the largest european economy , this has meant further competition .

místo toho , aby silně postihnul efektivnost francouzské ekonomiky přinesl tolik důležité zvýšení produktivity , a to díky zvýšení její flexibility .
instead of whacking french efficiency it brought important productivity improvements through increased flexibility .
instead of being heavily affected by the efficiency of the french economy , the french economy has resulted in such an important increase in productivity , thanks to increasing its flexibility .
instead of affecting the effectiveness of the french economy , it has brought so much important increase in productivity , thanks to increasing its flexibility .

experimentování a inovování na těchto frontách v počátečním období růstu může později vynést vysoké dividendy .
using an initial period of growth to experiment and innovate on these fronts can pay high dividends later on .
the experiment and innovation of these fronts in the initial period of growth may later result in a high dividend .
the experimentation and innovation on these fronts in the initial period of growth may later result in high dividends .

tento měsíc se voda opět dostane do centra dění , a to na čtvrtém světovém fóru o vodě v mexico city .
this month , water once again takes center stage at the fourth world water forum in mexico city .
this month , water will get back to the centre , in the fourth world water forum .
this month , water will come to the centre once again , at the fourth world water forum in city .

plán růstu v kandidátských zemích je pro brusel očividně jediným imperativem ; makroekonomická stabilita může počkat .
the objective of growth for the accession countries is apparently the sole imperative in brussels ; macroeconomic stability can wait .
the plan for growth in candidate countries is obviously the only imperative for brussels ; macro-economic stability can wait .
obviously , the road map for growth in candidate countries is the only imperative for brussels ; macro-economic stability can wait .

každopádně už bylo na protesty pozdě : desítka východoevropských států se již těšila z členství v unii .
but in any event , it was too late to protest : the ten eastern states had already been granted membership of the union .
in any case , protests have already been late : dozens of eastern european states have already enjoyed membership of the union .
in any case , it has already been late on protests : dozens of eastern european states have already been from membership of the union .

ecb nesmí udělat tutéž chybu , což je řečeno s vědomím , že tyto dvě centrální banky působí v odlišných podmínkách a za jiných omezení .
the ecb must not make the same mistake , even bearing in mind that the two central banks operate in different milieus and under different constraints .
the ecb must not make the same mistake , which is to say , in the knowledge that these two central banks are operating in different conditions and in other restrictions .
the ecb must not make the same mistake , which is to say that these two central banks operate in different conditions and in other restrictions .

nic z toho nezviklalo zbytek světa , který na válku pohlíží se směsicí opovržení a znepokojení .
none of this swayed the rest of the world , which views the war with disdain and alarm .
none of this has seen the rest of the world , which is looking at the war with a mixture of contempt and concern .
none of this has seen the rest of the world , who is looking at the war , is looking at the sidelines and concern .

až donedávna nikdo nevěděl , který z těchto táborů má pravdu , poněvadž nikdo nepočítal skóre .
until recently , no one knew who is right , because no one was keeping score .
until recently , no one knew who is right from these camps , because no one counted the skón .
until recently , no one knew who was right from these camps , because no one was counted by the skirs .

na konci leto<unk> ¡ nã <unk> ho â <unk> <unk> supervolebnã <unk> ho &quot; roku budeme znã ¡ t odpověď .
at the end of this current &quot; super election year , &quot; we will know the answer .
at the end of the hitherto , the hitherto hitherto hitherto hitherto , to the out-of-the-art rumours of the superfluous super-election process , we will be scrapping the answer .
at the end of the blanket , the suspicious act of the embassy would be a substitute for a superfledged superflux &apos; , we will have a strong response .

stále by ale bylo potřeba prověřit , jestli znamenaly skutečnou hrozbu za iráckými hranicemi a jestli by bez současné války byly kdy použity .
whether they posed any real threat outside iraq &apos;s borders , or would have been used in the absence of the current war , must still be assessed .
however , it would still be necessary to check whether they had a real threat to iraqi borders and whether they would be used without the current war .
however , it would still be necessary to check whether they have a real threat to iraqi borders and whether they would have been used without the current war .

za normálních okolností by americký obranný projekt v takto rané fázi nevyvolával tolik rozruchu , kolik ho je kolem programu nmd .
normally , a us defense project in its infancy would not cause the excitement nmd generates .
under normal circumstances , the american defence project would not call for such an early stage how much it is around the md programme .
under normal circumstances , the american defence project , in such an early phase , would not allow so much tourism , as the nd programme is around .

v posledních deseti letech je německo nejpomaleji rostoucí ekonomikou v evropské unii a evropa nejpomaleji rostoucím kontinentem na světě .
over the last decade , germany has been the slowest growing economy in the european union , and europe has been the slowest growing continent in the world .
in the last ten years , germany is the most slowly growing economy in the european union and europe is the world &apos;s most slowly growing continent .
in the last ten years , germany is the worst growing economy in the european union and europe is facing the growing continent in the world .

pokud však nepřátelé pouze vyhrožují , je lepší nejprve prosadit svou legitimitu a tím získat určitou věrohodnost jak doma , tak v zahraničí .
but when enemies are merely threatening , it is better first to assert legitimacy , and thus acquire some credibility at home and abroad .
however , if the enemies are not only threatening , it is better first to assert their legitimacy and thus gain some credibility both at home and abroad .
however , if the enemies do not only threaten , it is better to bring their legitimacy first and thus to gain some credibility both at home and abroad .

velikost země však v rozhodovacím procesu eu hraje jen omezenou roli , poněvadž politický vliv uvnitř unie závisí spíše na ekonomické síle .
but the size of a country plays only a limited role in the eu &apos;s decision-making process , because political influence within the union depends more on economic power .
however , the size of the country in the eu decision-making process plays a limited role , since the political influence within the union depends rather on the economic strength .
however , the size of the country in the decision-making process of the eu has a limited role , since the political influence within the union depends rather on economic networks .

hlavním rysem prvního desetiletí papežova vládnutí byl každopádně jeho boj proti diktatuře - zejména proti diktatuře komunistické .
indeed , the central feature of the first decade of the pope &apos;s reign was his struggle against dictatorship--communist dictatorship in particular .
in any case , the main feature of the first decade of the papest government was the fight against the dictatorship - in particular against the dictatorship of the communist .
in any case , the main feature of the first decade of papeer government was in any way his fight against the dictatorship - particularly against the dictatorship of communist .

postavení žen se zlepšilo a dívky dnes mají rovný přístup ke vzdělání , přičemž v mnoha zemích je jich na školy přijímáno dokonce více než chlapců .
women &apos;s status has improved , and girls enjoy equal access to education , with even higher enrollment rates than boys in many countries .
the position of women has improved and girls today have equal access to education , with even more than boys being received in many countries .
women &apos;s position has improved and girls today have equal access to education , with even more than boys in many countries on schools .

půvab vůdčího postavení usa v zahraničí částečně spočívá v přitažlivosti amerických politických institucí , americké společnosti a kultury a v ochotě ameriky prosazovat lidská práva a demokracii .
the appeal of us leadership abroad rests in part on the attractiveness of america &apos;s political institutions , society , and culture , and its willingness to champion human rights and democracy .
the leadership of the us leader in foreign affairs is partly in the attraction of american political institutions , american society and culture , and in the willingness of america to promote human rights and democracy .
the space of the us leader abroad is partly in the attractiveness of the us political institutions , american society and culture , and in the willingness of america to promote human rights and democracy .

tato propast mezi lidskými právy a chováním vládců s sebou přinesla největší posun v řešení mezinárodních záležitostí dneška - příchod , , humanitární intervence &quot; .
this gap between human rights and the behavior of rulers has brought about the greatest shift in the conduct of international affairs in our time--the advent of &quot; humanitarian intervention . &quot;
this gap between human rights and government behaviour has led to the greatest progress in resolving the international affairs of today - the east , the humanitarian intervention &apos; .
this gap between human rights and government governments has brought the greatest shift in the solution to the international affairs of today - the ceasefire , humanitarian intervention &apos; .

penzisté patří mezi nejsilnějsí lobby v demokratických systémech a politici se zdráhají jít s nimi v tak zásadní otázce do střetu .
pensioners are among the most powerful lobbies in a democracy , and politicians are loath to confront them on so fundamental an issue .
pensioners are among the strongest lobbies in democratic systems and politicians are reluctant to go to such a fundamental issue .
pensioners are among the strongest lobby lobby in democratic systems and politicians are reluctant to go to such a major question of conflict .

to však , jak se zdá , přáním německých voličů není , a proto nelze odhadnout , jaká bude za čtyři roky názorová orientace německé politiky .
but this does not seem to be what the german electorate wants , and this makes the complexion of german politics four years from now incalculable .
however , as it seems , the wishes of the german electorate is not , and it is therefore impossible to estimate what the views of the german policy will be in four years &apos; time .
however , as the german electorate seems , the friends of german voters are not , and that is why we cannot estimate what the german policy orientation will be over four years .

bangladéšský ženský stipendijní program pro střední školství zase úspěšně pomohl dívkám mezi 11 a 14 lety odložit manželství a setrvat ve škole .
bangladesh &apos;s female secondary stipend program was successful in helping girls aged 11 to 14 to delay marriage and remain in school .
in turn , bangladesh &apos;s pension programme for secondary education has successfully helped girls between 11 and 14 years to postpone marriage and insist on school .
bangladesh , once again , the programme for secondary education has successfully helped girls between 11 and 14 years to postpone marriage and insist in school .

indické společnosti kotované v zahraničí mohou za hranicemi nakupovat majetek a domácím firmám bude povoleno si předplatit zahraniční obchodní dluh do výše 100 milionů usd .
indian companies listed abroad can buy property in foreign countries , and resident firms will be allowed to pre-pay external commercial debt up to us $ 100 million .
indian companies colonising abroad can buy assets and domestic companies will be allowed to pay usd 100 million for foreign debt .
the indian companies colonised abroad can buy assets outside borders and domestic companies will be allowed to pay foreign trade debts to usd 100 million .

tón komentářů prezidenta ecb jeana-clauda tricheta během dotazové části tiskové konference po říjnové schůzce byl neobvykle jestřábí .
the tone of ecb president jean-claude trichet &apos;s comments in the q &amp; a section of the press conference following the october meeting was unusually hawkish .
the comments made by the president of the ecb , jean-claude trichet , during the questionnaire section of the press conference after the october meeting , were not usually shaped .
the tone of the comments made by the president of the ecb , jean-claude trichet trichet , during the questionnaire part of the press conference after the october summit , was normally shameful .

nejdůležitějším strategickým cílem mého úřadu je tedy zajistit , aby se lidé naučili lépe hájit svá práva , a přimět úřady , aby braly stížnosti obyčejných rusů v potaz .
the most important strategic goal of my office is that people learn how to defend their rights better , and to make the authorities take the complaints of ordinary russians into consideration .
the most important strategic objective of my office is therefore to ensure that people learn better to defend their rights and to make the authorities take account of the complaints of ordinary russians .
the most important strategic objective of my office is therefore to ensure that people learn better to defend their rights , and to encourage the authorities to take the complaint of ordinary russians into account .

totéž bude platit i o otázce , jak si svět poradí s klimatickými změnami způsobenými člověkem <unk> což je další ze zdánlivě neřešitelných globálních problémů .
the same will be true of how the world best addresses manmade climate change -- another of those seemingly intractable global problems .
the same will also apply to the question of how the world will deal with climate change caused by man-made people is another apparent global problem .
the same will also apply to the question of how the world is consulting climate change caused by man-made mandates , which is more of the unquestionable global problems .

jelikož se dnes pozornost světa soustředí na irák , severní koreu a možný střet s íránem kvůli jaderným zbraním , zmizelo kosovo z <unk> radarové obrazovky <unk> .
with the world focused on iraq , north korea , and a possible clash with iran over nuclear weapons , kosovo has fallen off the radar screen .
since the world &apos;s attention today is focused on iraq , north korea and possible clashes with iran due to nuclear weapons , kosovo has disappeared from a radar screen .
since today the world &apos;s attention is concentrated on iraq , north korea and possible conflict with iran due to nuclear weapons , kosovo has disappeared from the radar of the assassination .

všechno je vnímáno jako politikum a hlasy , nikoliv jako technický problém vyžadující technické znalosti ; právě proto je africká chudoba tak často připisována korupci , a ne ekologickým problémům .
everything is viewed as politics and votes , not as technical problems requiring technological expertise , which is why africa &apos;s poverty is so often attributed to corruption rather than to ecological challenges .
everything is perceived as politicians and voices , not as a technical problem requiring technical knowledge ; that is why african poverty is often attributed to corruption and not ecological problems .
everything is perceived as a politicians and voices , not as a technical problem requiring technical knowledge ; that is why africa &apos;s poverty is often attached to corruption and not environmental problems .

mnoho komentátorů se však domnívá , že voliči protestovali proti tomu , co vnímají jako ukvapené přijetí deseti nových členských států , převážně mnohem chudších zemí ze střední a východní evropy .
but many commentators believe that they were protesting against what they perceived as the precipitate admission of ten new member states , mainly much poorer countries from central and eastern europe .
however , many comments are considered that the electorate protested against what they perceive as the hasty adoption of ten new member states , mainly the much poorer countries from central and eastern europe .
however , many comments are felt that the voters have protested against what they see as a hasty adoption of ten new member states , mostly much poorer countries from central and eastern europe .

politické škodě dodává na síle skutečnost , že před třiceti lety se spojené státy a tehdejší sovětský svaz vzdaly faktické obrany proti strategickým jaderným střelám .
inflating this political damage is the fact that , thirty years ago , the us and the then soviet union renounced effective defense against strategic nuclear missiles .
the political damage is to add to the strength of the fact that 30 years ago , the united states and the soviet union gave a factual defence against strategic nuclear clashes .
the political damage is due to the strength that , three years ago , the united states and the then soviet union have given up de facto defence against strategic nuclear clashes .

argentina , chile i další země by se pak mohly stát moderními zemědělskými producenty a zaujmout čelní postavení například v oblasti agrobiotechnologie , pokud se tomu budou věnovat .
argentina , chile , and other countries could become high-tech agricultural producers , in the forefront of agro-biotechnology for example , if they put their minds to it .
argentina , chile and other countries could then become modern agricultural producers and take a leading position in the field of agrobiotechnology , for example , if they are to devote themselves to this .
the argentina , chile and other countries , could then become modern agricultural producers and take a face in the field of agrobiotechnology , for example , if they are to do so .

indickou politickou odvahu v úsilí o dosažení míru s pákistánem ve společném soumračném zápase o kašmír , který už trvá celé půlstoletí , by brzy mohly doplnit obdobně smělé hospodářské kroky .
india &apos;s political boldness in seeking peace with pakistan in their half-century twilight struggle for kashmir may soon be matched by economic moves equally as daring .
the indian political courage to achieve peace with pakistan in a common cofrozen peace , which has taken place for the whole half of the century , could soon complement similar economic action .
the indian political courage in efforts to achieve peace with pakistan in a common flounder of kashmir , which is already continuing the whole century , could soon complement similar economic action .

v nejrozvinutějších zemích světa však přinesla poválečná éra těmto silným ročníkům , které se dnes pomalu chystají k odchodu do penze , do té doby nevídanou prosperitu .
but the post-war era in the world &apos;s most developed countries was one of unprecedented prosperity for the baby boom generation , which is now nearing retirement .
however , in the most developed countries of the world , the post-war era has brought these strong roma people , who are today slowly going to go to pensioners , until that time of mistrust .
however , in the most developed countries of the world , it has resulted in a post-war era of these strong roles , which are slowly going to go to the penetration , until then unprosperous .

nyní se však 25 členských zemí musí potýkat s finančními důsledky tohoto rozšíření , a to nejen v otázce celkové výše rozpočtu evropské unie na příštích sedm let , ale i v otázce , kdo bude plátcem a kdo příjemcem .
but now the 25 member states must deal with the financial consequences of that enlargement , not just in the overall size of the european union budget for the next seven years , but in who pays and who benefits .
however , the 25 member states now have to deal with the financial consequences of this enlargement , not only on the overall level of the european union budget for the next seven years , but also on the question of who will be a beforehand and who will be a recipient .
however , the 25 member states now have to deal with the financial consequences of this enlargement , not only on the issue of the overall budget of the european union for the next seven years , but also on the question of who will be a plan and who is a recipient .

i při ostrých debatách se spokojují s vleklou nejistotou , kdo má vlastně pravdu , připouštějí mezery ve svých vědomostech a uznávají legitimitu protikladných názorů .
they are comfortable with protracted uncertainty about who is right even in bitter debates , conceding gaps in their knowledge and granting legitimacy to opposing views .
even in sharp debates , they are satisfied with the insecurity of those who are actually right , adding loopholes in their knowledge and recognise the legitimacy of anti-positive views .
even in the sharp debates , they are satisfied with the insecurity of those who are actually right to leave the loopholes in their knowledge and recognise the legitimacy of anti-positive views .

naproti tomu dokonce i chile jakožto <unk> hvězda &quot; latinské ameriky zůstává do značné míry exportní ekonomikou založenou na přírodních zdrojích s velkou koncentrací na vývoz mědi a zemědělských produktů .
by contrast , even latin america &apos;s star performer , chile , remains largely a resource-based export economy , with a heavy concentration in copper and agricultural exports .
even chile , as the chile of &apos; latin america , remains largely exported to the natural resources , with a large concentration on exports of currency and agricultural products , to a large extent , based on natural resources .
indeed , even chile as a symbol of &apos; latin america remains to a large extent exporting economy based on natural resources with a large concentration on exports of currency and agricultural products .

rozsáhlý výzkum alternativních modelů paradoxně financovalo americké ministerstvo obrany , které si jako největší světový kupec komplexních technologií přálo lepší , levnější a více na míru střižené produkty .
ironically , extensive research into alternative models was funded through the us department of defense , which , as the world &apos;s largest buyer of complex machinery , wanted better , cheaper and more tailored goods .
paradoxically , large-scale research into alternative models has been financed by the us department of defence , which , as the world &apos;s largest market in complex technologies , has attracted better , cheaper and more on the level of products .
paradoxically , large-scale research into alternative alternative models financed the us defence ministry , which , as the largest world cup of complex technologies , has attracted better , cheaper and more on the rate of swept products .

zapomeňme na americké řeči o podpoře poctivosti a spravedlnosti ; při obchodních jednáních usa zcela ignorují úpěnlivé prosby nejchudších zemí světa o zrušení dotací na bavlnu , které na ně mají tak ničivý efekt .
forget about america &apos;s rhetoric of upholding fairness and justice ; in trade negotiations , the us ignores the pleas of the poorest countries of the world to eliminate the cotton subsidies that have had so devastating an effect on them .
let us forget the american river &apos;s support for post-justice and justice ; in the us trade negotiations , they completely ignore the extinction of the poorest countries of the world to abolish subsidies to cotton , which have such a destructive effect .
let us forget the us talk about promoting honesty and justice ; in the us trade negotiations , they completely ignore the harsh plea of the poorest countries in the world to abolish subsidies on the cotton , which have such a devastating effect on them .

ro mu-hjonovo vítězství nad i he-čchangem je dokladem generačního posunu uvnitř korejské politiky , v níž se mladší generace pokouší získat volnější ruku ve vztazích mezi koreou a usa .
roh &apos;s victory over lee hoi chang signifies a generational shift in korean politics , with the young determined to gain a freer hand in korea &apos;s relations with the us .
muro mu-hjono victory is the proof of the generations moving within the korean policy in which the younger generation is trying to gain a more free hand in relations between korea and the us .
the moh-hjoni virus vienna victory is an illustration of the generation shift within the korean policy in which the younger generation is trying to gain a more free hand in relations between korea and the us .

uvalit daň na ty , kdo například jezdí v žíznivých sportovně užitkových automobilech , je způsob , jak využít kolektivní inteligence lidstva k posouzení , kdy jsou negativní vedlejší účinky důvodem ke změně chování .
imposing a tax on those who , say , drive low-mileage suv &apos;s is a way of harnessing humanity &apos;s collective intelligence to decide when bad side effects are a reason to alter behavior .
imposing a tax on those who , for example , look at sports sports vehicles , is a way of using collective intelligence to assess the human being , when negative effects are cause for change of behaviour .
the introduction of a tax on those who , for example , fall in sporting sports cars , is the way to use collective intelligence to assess when negative effects are due to change behaviour .

jakýkoliv přístup musí být šit na míru podmínkám dané země a potřebám jejích obyvatel , přičemž však neplatí žádné fundamentální omezení pro návrhy investic do rozvoje vodních zdrojů , které zajistí hmatatelný a brzký přínos pro místní komunity a životní prostředí .
any approach must be tailored to the circumstances of each country and the needs of its people , but there is no fundamental constraint to designing water development investments that ensure that local communities and the environment gain tangible and early benefits .
any approach must be based on the level of conditions of the country and the needs of its population , but it does not apply to any other restrictions on investment proposals in the development of water resources , which will ensure tangible and brilliant benefits for local communities and the environment .
however , any approach must be based on the level of conditions of the country and the needs of its population , but it does not apply any restrictions on the proposals for investment in the development of water resources , which will ensure tangible and brilliant benefits for local communities and the environment .

ekonom thomas holmes podle scénáře , který vyhlíží tajemně jako šíření globální pandemie , vytvořil dynamickou mapovou simulaci zachycující šíření prodejen wal-mart napříč spojenými státy .
in a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist thomas holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of wal-mart stores throughout the united states .
the economists of thomas holmes , according to the scenario that the secrecy of the spread of the global pandemic , has created a dynamic massacre of the spread of the sale of w-marcht across the united states .
the economist economists thomas holmes , according to the scenario that the prospect of secrecy as the spread of a global pandemic , has created a dynamic massacre to the spread of sale by only wallis across the united states .

mezinárodní směnné relace rozvojových zemí se zhoršily : ceny primárních komodit z pohledu výrobců poklesly , stejně jako ceny tropického zemědělství oproti zemědělství mírného podnebného pásma , a ceny neznačkových výrobců se oproti produkci chráněné právy k duševnímu vlastnictví propadly .
developing countries &apos; international terms of trade have worsened : prices of primary commodities have declined in relation to manufactures , as have tropical agriculture prices against temperate agriculture , and prices of generic manufactures have fallen relative to output protected by intellectual property rights .
the international ridiculous relaxation of developing countries has deteriorated : the price of primary commodities from the point of view of producers has fallen , as well as the price of tropical agriculture compared to the agricultural sector with the scrapping backbone , and the price of non-significant producers in relation to products protected against intellectual property rights .
the international exchange of developing countries has deteriorated : the prices of primary commodities have fallen from the point of view of producers , as well as the price of tropical agriculture , compared to the irreplaceable agricultural sector , and the prices of non-considerable producers , compared to the production of intellectual property rights .

připočteme-li k nim euroskeptiky z řad členských zemí eu , jako berlusconiho v itálii nebo rakouskou vládní koalici schüssela a haidera , uvědomíme si , že jednou by se mohla zvrhnout sama podstata evropské politiky .
linked to eu <<unk>> tics like italy &apos;s berlusconi and austria &apos;s schüssel-haider coalition , the very nature of european politics may turn decidedly nasty .
if we wait for eurosceptics from the eu member states , such as berlusconi in italy or the austrian government coalition schül and hasser , we will be aware that it could once turn itself into the essence of a european policy .
if we wait for these eurosceptics from eu member states , such as berlusconi in italy or the austrian government coalition schsseas and hahaider , we realise that once again it could be brought to the heart of european policy .

tony blair , tento kdysi zapálený stoupenec evropy ( přinejmenším na nenáročné britské poměry ) , možná bude muset nakonec předat moc gordonu brownovi , který se proslavil chladným postojem k evropské integraci .
tony blair , once an ardent pro-european ( at least by britain &apos;s undemanding standards ) , might finally have to cede power to gordon brown , who is famously cold to european integration .
at the very least of the british currency ) , it will perhaps have to pass the power of gordon brown of gordon brown , who called for a cold attitude towards european integration .
at the end of the day , tony blair blair , this once a fifth supporter of europe ( at least at the immense british currency ) , may perhaps have to pass power at the end of the gordon brown , who has called a cold attitude to european integration .

i politiky substituce dovozu , jimiž se dnes všeobecně pohrdá , původně země rozvíjejících se ekonomik přijaly z dobrých ( ale i špatných ) důvodů : protekcionistické uzavírání se trhů rozvinutých zemí během světové hospodářské krize mělo pro rozvíjející se ekonomiky katastrofické důsledky .
even the import-substitution policies , now universally scorned , were originally adopted by the developing world for good ( as well as bad ) reasons : the protectionist shutting-off of developed-country markets during the great depression which had disastrous consequences for the developing economies .
the policies of subsidised imports , which are generally proud of today , originally , originally adopted by the emerging economies ( but also bad reasons ) : the protectionist closure of the markets of developed countries during the world economic crisis has had catastrophic consequences for emerging economies .
today , the substitute policy of subsidising imports , which is generally proud of , originally developed countries from the good economies ( but also bad reasons ) : the protectionist closure of the markets of developed countries during the world economic crisis has had disastrous consequences for emerging economies .

tím se také vysvětluje , proč v rozvinutějších zemích severní ameriky a západní evropy a v japonsku dosud panují výrazné institucionální odlišnosti v oblastech , jako jsou role veřejného sektoru , právní systém , firemní řízení , finanční trhy a sociální zabezpečení .
it also accounts for why important institutional differences persist among the advanced countries of north america , western europe , and japan in areas such as the role of the public sector , the legal system , corporate governance , financial markets , labor markets , and social insurance .
it also explains why , in the developed countries of north america and western europe and japan , there are still significant institutional differences in areas such as the public sector , the legal system , the firearms system , the fire-management , financial markets and social security markets in japan .
this also explains why , in the developed countries of north america and western europe and japan , there are still significant institutional differences in areas such as the public sector , the legal system , the firemate , financial markets , financial markets and social security .

tento projev dotčené národní hrdosti umocnil vynikající výkon jihokorejského fotbalového mužstva na mistrovství světa , které se konalo loni v létě na jihu korejského poloostrova . výkon korejské jedenáctky korejce přesvědčil o tom , že jejich země dospěla - a že už dokáže stát na vlastních nohou i bez pomoci 37 tisíc amerických vojáků .
this expression of wounded national pride was enabled by south korea &apos;s tremendous performance in the world cup football tournament last summer , which helped convince ordinary koreans that their country was fully grown up--and thus might be able to stand on its own without the presence of 37,000 us troops .
the manifestation of this speech by the nation concerned has shown the excellent performance of the south korean football championship in the world , which took place last summer in the korean peninsula of south korean football , and that it has been able to help their own country , and that he has been able to help the south korean peninsula of the south korean peninsula of korea , and that he has already been able to help their own country , and that he has been able to help the state of his own country without his own assistance .
this speech was quite proud of the excellent performance of the south korean champion in the world in the south korean championship last year , which took place in the south korean championship in the south of korea , which took place in the south of the korean peninsula in the south of the korean peninsula , and the cameras of korea , that their country adulted to their own countries - and that they have already been able to meet their own countries without the state of the south of the south of korea .

od počátků v epicentru v arkansaském městě bentonville , kde sam walton v roce 1962 otevřel první obchod , se už ohromné krabicovité haly wal-martu rozmnožily natolik , že průměrný američan bydlí méně než sedm kilometrů od nejbližší prodejny .
starting at the epicenter in bentonville , arkansas , where sam walton opened his first store in 1962 , giant boxy wal-mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average american lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
since the beginning of the epicentre in the sabondra , where the sam 1962 trade was opened at the first gallery from the beginning of the epidemic in the azores in the sabvilville , where the sahrawi city opened up in 1962 , the first round of flanders had already been threatened by the rum-w-w-wd brokan fan , which was so late in the middle east , that the average us lian owner is less than seven .
at the beginning of the epidemic centre in the samele town , where samel in 1962 opened the first trade , has already opened so much god , so much average , from the bajan centre in the sable , in the sagle , where sawm samel , in 1962 , opened up the first trade in the 1962 extreme trade , has already opened so much digitis of the day-to-day pocket , which was so much less eated by the americans .

sanfranciský symfonický orchestr například zajišťuje soukromě financovaný projekt s názvem keeping score , jehož rozpočet ve výši 23 milionů dolarů zahrnuje celostátní veřejnoprávní televizní seriál , rozhlasové pořady , interaktivní výuku hudby a školní hudební programy .
in san francisco , for example , the symphony runs a $ 23 million privately funded project -- called keeping score -- that includes a national public television series , radio shows , interactive music learning , and school music programs .
for example , the square square , in addition to the square project , which includes 23 million dollars of public television broadcasting , a series of sancor sancischez-cisc funds , for example , provided for in addition to the square project financed by the cesr , which includes a budget of 23 million dollars involving public broadcasting broadcasting , a range of public television broadcasts , a series of programmes , a series of sancsancsancisums sancema , an apprintis and a series of programmes , a series of programmes that would provide a corresponding to the corrueditary project , as well as well as well as a corrupt , with the sbanner of programmes .
in addition , it ensures , in addition , the project financed by 23 million public broadcasting , a series of public radio television programmes , a series of erosion funds , an intermediary fund , for example , which provides a confined project with a project financed by a project of 23 million public broadcasts , a series of public radio broadcasts , a series of constitutional and interactive training programmes .

