nebudou z něj mít prospěch žádná další města ?
will no other cities benefit ?
will no other towns benefit from it ?
will no other cities benefit from it ?

duchové dávných hospodářských potíží
the ghosts of economics past
the spirit of good economic difficulties
the dumped economic difficulties are facing .

embargo do 6 . září 2004
embargo 6 september 2004
embargo to 6 september 2004 .
the embargo to 6 september 2004 .

ve stínu německé marky
in the d-mark &apos;s shadow
in the shadow of german marches
in the shadow of german marches , german marches

hra na demokracii
playing at democracy
hr hra on democracy
democracy ( hr )

stejně jako špatná hudební výchova ve státních školách .
so does poor music education in state schools .
as well as poor music education in state schools .
as well as poor music education in state schools .

první z nich souvisí se složitostí a zranitelností našeho světa .
the first concerns the complexity and vulnerability of our world .
the first of these relates to the complexity and vulnerability of our world .
the first is related to the complexity and vulnerability of our world .

zabránit politickému využívání fiskální politiky je nesplnitelný úkol .
preventing the political use of fiscal policy is an impossible task .
preventing political exploitation of fiscal policy is an unsatisfactory task .
the political use of fiscal policy is an unnightful task .

musíme odolat dvěma protichůdným pokušením .
two opposite temptations must be resisted .
we must resist two contradictory fines .
we must resist two contradictory attempts .

nejedná se ani o věc fiskální disciplíny .
nor is it even a fiscal discipline issue .
this is not a matter of fiscal discipline either .
it is not even a matter of fiscal discipline .

když jednání před šesti měsíci začínala , byla s předsednictvím evropské rady na řadě británie .
when negotiations started six months ago , it was britain &apos;s turn to take over the presidency of the european council .
when the negotiations started six months ago , the presidency of the european council was in britain .
when negotiations were started six months ago , the presidency of the european council was on a number of britain .

ještě před několika lety by tato skutečnost roovy prezidentské šance zhatila .
a few years ago this would have doomed roh &apos;s candidacy .
just a few years ago , this fact of the roles of the presidential chancellor would have arisen .
a few years ago , this fact would be the royal presidential chancellor .

významnou výjimkou byla intervence nato v kosovu , jež neměla výslovný souhlas osn .
a notable exception was nato &apos;s intervention in kosovo , which was not explicitly sanctioned by the un .
the significant exception was nato &apos;s intervention in kosovo , which was not explicit by the un .
an important exception was the intervention of nato in kosovo , which did not have an explicit approval of the un .

u mnoha dalších druhů spotřebitelského zboží je cenový rozdíl ještě větší .
the differences in price for many other consumer goods is even larger .
for many other types of consumer goods , the price difference is even greater .
in many other types of consumer goods , the price difference is even greater .

situace je ovšem naprosto odlišná v oblasti bezpečnosti léků na předpis .
but the situation is far different concerning the safety of prescription drugs .
the situation is , however , completely different in the area of the safety of medicines on the table .
however , the situation is completely different in the area of the safety of medicines on prescription .

bush a blair by měli prokázat , že průběh inspekcí osn selhával .
bush and blair should demonstrate that the un inspection process was failing .
bush and blair should show that the un inspection process has failed .
bush and blair should show that the un inspections have failed .

dokáží však samotná občanská , politická a lidská práva zajistit sílu a přežití demokracií ?
but are civil , political , and human rights enough to ensure the strength and survival of democracies ?
however , will civil , political and human rights itself be able to ensure the strength and survival of democracy ?
however , will civil , political and human rights alone be able to ensure the strength and survival of democracy ?

až dosud prezident uplatňoval tvrdou linii ohledně iráku , libanonu i domácích záležitostí .
until now , the president has toed a hard line on iraq , on lebanon , and in domestic affairs .
until now , the president has applied a tough line on iraq , lebanon and home affairs .
until now , the president has applied a hard line on iraq , lebanon and home affairs .

nezapomeňme na rostoucí počet prominentních občanů tureckého původu v německu .
look at the growing number of prominent citizens of turkish origin in germany .
let us not forget the growing number of prominent citizens of turkish origin in germany .
let us not forget the growing number of prominent citizens of turkish origin in germany .

další tři tvoří chování sýrie v iráku , vztahy země s usa a potřeba vnitřní reformy .
the other three are syria &apos;s behavior in iraq , its relations with the us , and the need for domestic reform .
the next three are the behaviour of syria in iraq , the relationship with the us and the need for internal reform .
the next three other forms of conduct by syria in iraq , relations with the us and the need for internal reforms .

při deficitním hospodaření stát zvysuje své zadlužení a uvaluje zátěž na budoucí generace .
by running a deficit , a country increases its national debt and imposes burdens on future generations .
in the deficit management of the state , its debt is dropped and imposes a burden on future generations .
in the deficit management of the state of debt , the burden on future generations is imposed on its debt .

z amerického břehu atlantiku se veskerá taková odůvodnění jeví jako naprosto bizarní .
from the american side of the atlantic , all of these rationales seem utterly bizarre .
from the american bank of the atlantic , such a justification appears to be absolutely bizarre .
from the american bank of the atlantic , this kind of justification seems to be completely bizarre .

v důsledku tohoto zanedbání se dnešním kosovem šíří škodlivé sociální a politické reziduum .
as a result of this neglect , a noxious social and political residue pervades today &apos;s kosovo .
as a result of this neglect , today &apos;s kosovo is spreading the harmful social and political resilience .
as a result of this neglect , kosovo is spreading harmful social and political residues today .

pro volbu skupin voličů , jež si politici chtějí naklonit , je fiskální trumf rozhodující .
the fiscal card is critical in choosing which groups of voters to buy .
for the election of the electorate , which politicians want to clone , the fiscal trumt is crucial .
the voters &apos; choice , which the politicians want to cloned , is the fiscal mf decisive .

bílkoviny , které obsahují tisíce atomů , byly ale pro takový způsob práce příliš složité .
but proteins , which contain thousands of atoms , were far too complicated for this to work .
protein , which includes thousands of atrocities , has been too difficult for such a way of work .
protein , which contain thousands of atomic attitudes , were too difficult for such a way of work .

politici jsou ochotni jít do krajnosti , jen aby potěšili své příznivce a zvítězili ve volbách .
politicians are willing to go to great lengths to please their supporters and win elections .
politicians are willing to go to the brink , just to be pleased with their supporters and to win the elections .
politicians are willing to go to the countryside , just to be pleased to enjoy their favour and to win in the elections .

demokracie bezesporu předpokládá omezení času , který mají mocní na uplatňování své moci bez nutnosti se někomu zodpovídat .
to be sure , democracy implies limiting the time that the powerful have to exercise their power without challenge .
democracy certainly assumes a restriction of the time that the powers have to apply to their power without the need to answer someone .
democracy is unquestionably supportive of the restriction of time that they have powers to apply their power without the need to answer anyone .

bylo již odzkoušeno mnoho různých strategií , zejména liberalizace obchodu , privatizace nevýkonných státních podniků a rozpočtové reformy .
many policies have been tried , especially trade liberalization , privatization of inefficient state enterprises , and budgetary reforms .
many different strategies have already been examined , particularly the liberalisation of trade , the privatisation of inefficient state enterprises and budgetary reforms .
many different strategies have already been examined , particularly the liberalisation of trade , the privatisation of non-executive companies and budgetary reforms .

jestě před dvěma lety přitom usa předpovídaly rozpočtové přebytky , kam jen oko dohlédne .
two years ago , the us predicted budget surpluses as far as the eye could see .
at the same time , two years ago , the us predicted budgetary surpluses , where only one would look back .
two years ago , the usa foreseen budgetary surpluses , where it is only looking at .

tenhle rozdíl je důležitý , protože poukazuje na omezenou účinnost schválených právních norem jako prostředku prosazování lidských práv .
this distinction matters because it points to the limited effectiveness of formalized legal norms as a means of promoting human rights .
this is an important difference because it points to the limited effectiveness of authorised legal standards as a means of promoting human rights .
this difference is important because it points out the limited effectiveness of the approved legal standards as a means of promoting human rights .

obklopovaly jej po zuby ozbrojené stráže , přesto pevně podporoval myšlenku demokratizace .
guards armed to the teeth surrounded him , yet he firmly supported the notion of democratization .
it was conspicuous after the umpteenth guardian that , despite its firm support for the idea of democratisation .
they have raped it after an armed guardian , that yet he has strongly supported the idea of democratisation .

když televize roznesla živé obrazy destrukce domů do celého světa , názorně se ukázala moc globalizace .
it demonstrated the power of globalization , as television brought vivid pictures of the destruction to homes around the world .
when television did not cause lively images of the destruction of home to the whole world , the power of globalisation has arisen .
when television has disrupted the destruction of the destruction of houses around the world , the power of globalisation has shown itself .

politická debata se poté obrátila ke směnitelnosti kapitálového účtu - silnými zastánci byly mmf a světová banka .
the policy debate then turned to capital-account convertibility , with the imf and the world bank strongly in favor .
the political debate was then turned into the direction of the capital accounts - the strong supporters of the imf and the world bank .
the political debate has then turned to the rigour of capital accounts - the strong supporters of the imf and the world bank .

a kdykoliv ekonomové spatří chování , které má destruktivní vedlejší účinky , rádi ho zdaňují .
and when economists see behavior that has destructive side effects , we like to tax it .
even if any economist writes behaviour that has destructive side effects , they are happy to achieve it .
whenever the economists see the behaviour that has destructive by-effects , they are happy to do it .

dnesní rozpočtové schodky totiž odrážejí dlouhodobé problémy , které keynesiánská teorie nepředpokládá .
indeed , today &apos;s budget deficits reflect long-term problems that are not what keynesian theory envisions .
in fact , budget deficits reflect the long-term problems that keynesian theory does not foresee .
in fact , the lack of budgetary deficits reflect the long-term problems that keynesian thesia does not envisage .

podobně jako de gaulle v alžírsku zamíchal také šaron kartami izraelské politiky .
like de gaulle in algeria , sharon has reshuffled the cards of israel &apos;s politics .
like de gaulle in algeria , the arrogance of israeli policy has also disappeared .
similarly , as de gaulle de gaulle in algeria , there was also the flagship of israeli policy .

jan pavel ii. ukázal , že mravní síla je dostatečně mocnou zbraní , aby dokázala zrušit jaltské rozdělení světa .
john paul ii demonstrated that moral force was a weapon potent enough to undo yalta &apos;s division of the world .
jan paul ii has shown that the moral force is sufficiently powerful to be able to abolish the balkan divide of the world .
jan pagay , has shown that the frozen power is a powerful weapon in order to be able to abolish the jerusalem division of the world .

v půli července se sesli vážení a skvělí ministři financí evropské měnové unie ( emu ) , aby zvážili hospodářskou situaci eurozóny .
in mid-july the great-and-good finance ministers of the european monetary union ( emu ) gathered to consider the euro zone &apos;s economic condition .
in the half of july , the european monetary union finance ministers and the excellent finance ministers met in order to consider the economic situation of the euro area .
in july , the ministers of the european monetary union ( monetary union ) have seemed to consider the economic situation of the euro area .

někdy si parlamenty přejí jednat rychle a snad je to i nutnost , avšak zpravidla mají dostatek času , aby jednotlivé otázky plně posoudily .
sometimes parliaments wish to act quickly , and perhaps must do so , but as a rule they take enough time to examine issues fully .
sometimes the parliaments wish to act quickly , and perhaps it is also a necessity , but the rules have enough time to assess the individual questions fully .
sometimes parliaments want to act quickly , and perhaps it is also a necessity , but the rules have enough time for individual questions to be fully assessed .

evropa i zbytek světa budou muset přispět svým dílem - samy tyto principy dodržovat a postrkovat správným směrem sebe navzájem i ameriku .
europe and the rest of the world will have to do their part--abiding by these principles themselves , and giving each other , and america , a shove in the right direction .
both europe and the rest of the world will have to contribute to their share - these principles themselves , and to put in the right direction to each other and america .
europe and the rest of the world will have to contribute to their thanks - these principles themselves and to spend themselves in the right direction as well as the americans .

otázka se ve světle fotografií amerických vojáků mučících a ponižujících irácké vězně zdá absurdní .
the question seems absurd in the light of photographs of american soldiers torturing and humiliating iraqi prisoners .
in light of the photographs of american soldiers and humiliating iraqi prisoners , the question seems absurd .
the question in light of the photographs of american soldiers and degrading iraqi prisoners seems absurd .

zpravidla však referenda poměřují oblíbenost politických vůdců v určitém konkrétním okamžiku - bez ohledu na to , o jaké téma se jedná .
as a rule however , referenda measure the popularity of political leaders at a particular moment , regardless of the issue at stake .
however , the rules of the referendum are measured by the admiration of political leaders at a specific moment - regardless of what kind of topic it is .
however , the rules of the referendum are measured by the admiration of political leaders at a particular moment - regardless of what the subject is .

ro vyhrál volby navzdory tomu , že se severní korea rozhodla oživit své jaderné reaktory , které byly od doku 1994 mimo provoz .
remarkably , roh won the election despite north korea &apos;s decision to reactivate nuclear reactors that had been frozen since 1994 .
it has won the elections , despite the fact that north korea has decided to revitalise its nuclear reactors , which have been out of operation since 1994 .
in spite of the fact that north korea decided to revitalise its nuclear reactors , which were outside operation since 1994 .

černým scénářům přisuzovali sedmdesátiprocentní pravděpodobnost , přičemž ve skutečnosti se naplnily pouze ve 12 % případů .
they assigned probabilities of 70 % to bleak scenarios that materialized only 12 % of the time .
the black scenario has attributed to the seventy centre , and in fact only 12 % of cases have been met .
the chernobyl scenario promised the seventh 1970s , and in fact only 12 % of cases were met .

protiraketová obrana není pro americko-ruskou strategickou stabilitu hrozbou ; ovšem její zneužití je hrozbou pro politickou předvídatelnost .
missile defense is not a threat to us-russian strategic stability ; its mishandling is a threat to political predictability .
anti-missile defence is not a threat to the american strategic stability of the us ; however , its abuse is a threat to political predictability .
the anti-missile defence is not a threat to the american russian strategic stability ; however , its abuse is a threat to political predictability .

při současném paternalistickém přístupu institucí eu ke kandidátským zemím totiž hrozí vytvoření dvourychlostní evropy , která zkomplikuje proces integrace .
indeed , eu institutions &apos; current paternalistic stance towards the accession countries threatens to create a two-tier europe that will complicate the task of integration .
in the current paternalistic approach of the eu institutions to candidate countries , in fact , there is a risk of creating a two-speed europe that complies with the process of integration .
in the current paternalistic approach of the eu institutions to candidate countries , the creation of a two-speed europe which complies with the integration process .

a nesouhlasím se svými přáteli , kteří nad prodejnami wal-mart ohrnují nos a tvrdí , že nikdy do žádného nevkročili .
and i don &apos;t agree with friends of mine who turn their noses down at wal-mart stores , and claim never to have visited one .
i do not agree with my friends who are proud of the sale of wal-mart marty and claim that they have never taken action .
and i do not agree with my friends who do not go back over the sale of wallis , and say that they have never taken any step .

vskutku , mnozí evropané i lidé mimo evropu budou holmesovo videosimulaci šíření wal-martu považovat za hororový film .
indeed , many europeans , and others , will view holmes &apos;s video simulation of wal-mart &apos;s spread as a horror film .
indeed , many europeans , including outside europe , will be the holmese video music of the spread of wal-marty film film film .
indeed , many europeans and people outside europe will be the holodox virus of the spread of wallis as a horoman film .

řadoví korejci trvají na tom , aby americké vojáky , kteří v zemi spáchají trestný čin , soudily korejské soudy .
ordinary koreans insist that us soldiers who commit crimes should be tried in korean courts .
the korean koreans insist that the american soldiers who commit a crime in the country should be tried by the korean courts .
the correctness of korea is insisting that the american soldiers who commit a crime in the country should be judged by the korean courts .

evropská unie nemůže <unk> solidaritu <unk> pouze prohlásit za svou ústřední hodnotu a nedělat nic pro to , aby ji pěstovala mezi těmi , kdo se cítí marginalizováni .
the eu cannot simply proclaim &quot; solidarity &quot; as a core value and then do nothing to foster it among those who feel marginalized .
the european union cannot only declare solidarity with its central value and do nothing to cultivate it among those who feel marginalised .
the european union cannot only grant solidarity for its central value and do nothing to cultivate it between those who feel marginalised .

pomalý růst východní části země sráží celoněmecký průměr , zatímco obrovská poptávka po veřejných prostředcích na východě zvyšuje veřejný dluh .
the slow growth of the eastern part of the country has pulled down the germany-wide average , while the enormous demand for public funds in the east has increased public debt .
the slow growth in eastern parts of the country is swearing the entire meltdown , while the huge demand for public funds in the east increases public debt .
the slow growth of the eastern part of the country is spreading the entire mess average , while the huge demand for public funds in the east increases public debt .

unikátní problém představuje malárie , jejímž viníkem je z velké části jeden druh afrického komára , který je mimořádně zdatným přenašečem této choroby .
malaria poses a unique challenge , owing in large part to africa &apos;s mosquito species , which are especially adept at transmitting the disease .
the unique problem is malaria , the guilty of which is largely one of the species of the african union , which is extremely reluctant to transmit this disease .
the unimaginable problem is malaria , which is a large part of a kind of african compassion , which is an extremely pertinent porter of this disease .

výzkum si všímal podmínek a podnětů potřebných k tomu , aby snáze vznikaly malé přizpůsobivé skupinky , které by získaly možnost chovat se jako velké společnosti .
the research noted the conditions and triggers needed to facilitate the self-assembly of small opportunistic groups and enable them to act like large companies .
research has taken note of the conditions and initiatives needed to create small adaptable groups that would be able to behave as a large society .
research has taken note of the conditions and incentives needed to create small adapted groups that would be able to behave as a large society .

v latinské americe nemá přístup k bezpečné vodě přibližně 15 % obyvatel <unk> což je zhruba 76 milionů lidí <unk> a dalších 116 milionů postrádá přístup k sanitárním službám .
in latin america , about 15 % of the population -- roughly 76 million people -- do not have access to safe water , and 116 million people do not have access to sanitation services .
in latin america , there is no access to safe water of around 15 % of the population represented by around 76 million people and another 116 million lacks access to sanitary services .
in latin america , there is no access to safe water for approximately 15 % of the population of the population , which is around 76 million of the population , and over 116 million have no access to sanitary services .

rozpracovaná zpráva tedy bývá obvykle zveřejněna na nějaké webové stránce a přijímají se návrhy od kohokoli - neziskových organizací , odborů i jiných organizací občanské společnosti .
so the evolving report is usually put up on a web site and suggestions are invited from one and all--ngos , trade unions , and other organizations of civil society .
the report , therefore , is usually published on a website and proposals from anyone - non-profit organisations , trade unions and other civil society organisations .
therefore , the processed report is usually published on a website and they are taking proposals from anyone - non-profit organisations , trade unions and other civil society organisations .

nedokážou pochopit , že američtí představitelé dávají sýrii spoluvinu za činnost islamistických teroristických skupin na palestinských územích , v iráku a v libanonu .
they fail to see that american officials regard syria as complicit in the activities of islamist terrorist groups in the palestinian territories , iraq , and lebanon .
i cannot understand that the american leaders give syria a co-guilt for the activities of islamist terrorist groups in the palestinian territories , iraq and lebanon .
i cannot understand that the american leaders give syria co-guilt for the activities of islamist terrorist groups in the palestinian territories , iraq and lebanon .

dnes ekonomy obdobně znepokojují nevítaní duchové , když uvažují nad návratem hospodářských potíží , o nichž se už dlouho soudilo , že jsou mrtvými pojmy .
today , economists are similarly troubled by unwanted ghosts , as they ponder the reappearance of economic ills long thought buried and dead .
today , economists are also worried about the unwelcome spirit when they consider the backbone of the economic difficulties that have been denounced for a long time , that they are dead concepts .
today &apos;s economists are worried by the unwelcome spirit when they think about the returns of economic difficulties that have long been judged that they are dead .

třetím šokem bylo euro , které přineslo rychlé sblížení dlouhodobých úrokových sazeb , jež se v některých zemích pohybovaly o pět až sedm procentních bodů nad německou úrovní .
the third shock was the euro , which has induced a rapid convergence of long-term interest rates , which in some countries had been five to seven percentage points above the german level .
the third shock was the euro , which resulted in a rapid convergence of long-term interest rates that were moving in some countries to five to seven per cent of the german level .
the third shock was the euro , which has brought the rapid convergence of long-term interest rates , which were only five to seven % points over the german level in some countries .

proč byly tyto dva základní kameny revoluce v biologii a medicíně , jež dominovaly vědě ve druhé polovině 20. století , objeveny v britské fyzikální laboratoři ?
so why were these two foundation stones of the revolution in biology and medicine that dominated science in the second half of the 20th century uncovered in a british physics lab ?
why were these two basic cornerstones of the revolution in biological and media , which were dominated by science in the second half of the 20th century , disappear in the british physical laboratory ?
why have these two basic cornerstones in biological and media , which have been dominated in the second half of the 20th century , discovered in british physical laboratories ?

ovšem stejně jako v řadě dalších věcí i zde vše dopadlo jinak : velkými vítězi se staly ropné společnosti , zatímco americká i celosvětová ekonomika se zařadily mezi poražené .
as in so many other ways , things have turned out differently : the oil companies are the big winners , while the american and global economies are losers .
however , like many other things , there has been a different impact : large winners have become oil companies , while the american and global economy have been among the losers .
however , like a number of other things , there has been anything else : the major winners have become oil companies , while the american and global economy have been included among the pockets .

obzvláště velký problém představuje v rozvojovém světě , kde roste demografická vlna srovnatelná s obrovským <unk> baby boomem <unk> , k němuž došlo na konci druhé světové války na západě .
they pose a particular challenge in the developing world , where a demographic bulge equal to the great &quot; baby boom &quot; that occurred in the west at the end of world war ii is growing .
a particularly big problem is in the developing world , where demographic wave is growing comparable to the huge evolution of the boom that took place at the end of the second world war in the west .
a particularly large problem is in the developing world , where demographic wave is growing comparable with a huge b of the boom , which took place at the end of the second world war in the west .

voliči se zejména obávali , že by jejich pracovní místa zabraly hordy východních přistěhovalců , jejichž ztělesněním se stal v té době hojně citovaný obraz levného polského instalatéra .
in particular , voters were afraid that their jobs would be lost to hordes of eastern immigrants , exemplified in the image widely quoted at the time , of the low-cost polish plumber .
in particular , the electorate feared that their jobs would prevent upper eastern immigrants , whose embodiment has become a pretty sensitive picture at the time of the cheap polish pluralise .
in particular , the electorate feared that their jobs would prevent the mountain of eastern immigrants , whose faithful image has become a sensitive picture of the cheap polish installation .

tři z těchto zemí - estonsko , lotyšsko a litva - mají měnové výbory nebo fixní směnný kurz k euru - podobně jako bulharsko , u něhož se vstup do eu očekává v roce 2007 .
three of them--estonia , latvia , and lithuania--have currency boards or a fixed exchange rate with the euro , as does bulgaria , which is expected to enter the eu in 2007 .
three of these countries - estonia , latvia and lithuania - have monetary committees or a fixed exchange rate from the euro - like bulgaria , which is expected to join the eu in 2007 .
three of these countries - estonia , latvia and lithuania - have monetary committees or fixed exchange rates from the euro - like bulgaria , which is expected to enter the eu in 2007 .

tato specifičnost je jedním z důvodů , proč úspěšné země - mimo jiné čína , indie , jižní korea či tchaj-wan - obvykle kombinovaly neortodoxní prvky s ortodoxní politikou .
such specificity helps explain why successful countries--china , india , south korea , and taiwan , among others--usually combined unorthodox elements with orthodox policies .
this specificity is one of the reasons why a successful country - including china , india , south korea or taiwan - has normally innovated unorthodox elements with orthodox politics .
this specificity is one of the reasons why a successful country - including china , india , south korea or taiwan - usually unorthodox elements with orthodox policy .

jan pavel ii. si bezpochyby udržuje odstup od liberálních ekonomických představ a liberálního státu , který často obviňuje z přílišné shovívavosti a mravního relativismu .
john paul ii undoubtedly keeps a distance from liberal economic ideas and the liberal state , which he often charges with permissiveness and moral relativism .
jan pajan paul iiiia is undoubtedly keeping away from the liberal economic condition and the liberal state , which often accuses of excessive indulgence and freezing relative relatives .
no doubt , jan pagay paiiri , is maintaining the courage from the liberal economic leader and the liberal state , which is often accused of the excessive lending and freezing relatives .

severoevropské země - obzvlástě německo a nizozemsko - se pysnily tím , že tradičně udržují umírněný poměr mezi zadlužením a hdp a relativně nízké úrokové sazby .
northern european countries--particularly germany and the netherlands--prided themselves on traditionally maintaining moderate debt-to-gdp ratios and relatively low interest rates .
the north-north european countries - germany and the netherlands - have acquired that they traditionally maintain a moderate ratio between debt and gdp and relatively low interest rates .
the north-west european country - the municipalities of germany and the netherlands - have shaped that they traditionally maintain the moderate ratio between debt and gdp and relatively low interest rates .

proslýchá se , že daniel barenboim odešel z chicagského symfonického orchestru částečně i proto , že měl námitky proti požadavkům na sponzorské aktivity , které na něj byly kladeny .
daniel barenboim is rumored to have left the chicago symphony orchestra in part because he objected to the fundraising demands that were being made of him .
it has been said that daniel barenboel has taken place from the chicago sympathy fund , partly because he had objected to the requirements for sponsor activities that were put on it .
it has been heard that daniel barenboy has left from the chicaggic sympathy fund , partly because he had objections to the requirements for the sponsor activities that have been put on it .

roku 1933 irving fisher - jeden z význačných předchůdců miltona friedmana z americké monetaristické školy - prohlásil , že vlády by mohly zabránit hlubokým krizím , pokud se budou vyhýbat deflaci .
back in 1933 irving fisher --milton friedman &apos;s predecessor atop america &apos;s monetarist school of economists-- announced that governments could prevent deep depressions by avoiding deflation .
1933 irish polls - one of the important predecessors of milton and frieda from the american monetary arist school - said that governments could prevent deep crises if they were to avoid disruptions .
in 1933 , the irish people have been able to take part - one of the important predecessors of milton and friedmans from the american monetary arist school schools - said that governments could prevent deep crises if they are to avoid any kind of action .

ba existují pádné důvody pro to , aby k odpuštění indonéských dluhů došlo tak jako tak , neboť velká část zadlužení vznikla kvůli půjčkám , jež si brala zkorumpovaná suhartova vláda .
indeed , there is a compelling case to be made for indonesian debt relief in any case , given that much of the debt was incurred in loans to the corrupt suharto government .
there are , however , any reasons for the departure of indonesia debted as such , as a large proportion of debt has emerged due to loans that have broken the supreme hardship and the government .
there are any reasons for the decoupling of indonetic debts , as a large proportion of debt has arisen because of the loans that has broken the corrupt harbour and the government .

od teroristických útoků na new york a washington ze září 2001 uplynulo pět let , ale zdá se , že se političtí představitelé jen velmi málo poučili , jak teroristické buňky operují a kde mají slabiny .
five years have passed since the terrorist attacks on new york and washington of september , 2001 , yet it seems that policymakers have learned little about how terrorist cells operate , and what their weaknesses are .
five years have passed since the terrorist attacks on new york and washington in september 2001 , but it seems that political leaders have just learnt very little about how terrorist cells operate and where they have weaknesses .
five years have passed since terrorist attacks on new york and washington from september 2001 , but it seems that political leaders were very little to learn how terrorist cells erupt and where they have weaknesses .

mezinárodní systém tento pojem dosti rychle přijal ( a přetavil ) a následovalo množství vojenských humanitárních intervencí - v somálsku , na haiti , v bosně , kosovu , východním timoru a sieře leone .
the international system rather quickly adopted ( and transformed ) this notion , and numerous humanitarian military interventions followed--in somalia , haiti , bosnia , kosovo , east timor , and sierra leone .
the international system has , quite quickly , adopted this concept ( and recast ) and followed the quantity of humanitarian intervention - in somalia , haiti , bosnia , kosovo , east timor and siesia .
the international system has adopted this concept quite quickly ( and i read ) and followed by a number of military intervention - in somalia , haiti , in bosnia , kosovo , kosovo , east timor and sieone .

v těchto demokraciích bez demokratů je mnohem těžší diskutovat o , , lidských právech &quot; než o procesních formalitách , protože se na ně nepohlíží jako na , , práva &quot; v právním smyslu , ale jako na pouhé hryzání svědomí nebo jako na dary , které lze směnit za něco jiného .
in such democracies without democrats , &quot; human rights &quot; are more problematic to discuss than procedural formalities , because they are not thought of as &quot; rights &quot; in the legal sense , but merely as pangs of conscience , or else as gifts to be exchanged for something else of value .
in these democracies , without democrats , it is much more difficult to discuss , &apos; human rights &apos; than procedural formalities , because they do not look at them as , rights , &apos; in the legal sense &apos; , but as a mere hidden feature of conscience or as one that can be directed for another .
in these democracies without democrats , it is much more difficult to discuss , human rights , &apos; than procedural formalities , because they do not look at them as , &apos; rights in the legal sense , but as a mere feature of conscience or as something that can be mixed for something else .

odpovědí je to , že fiskální politika je klíčovým nástrojem , který politici využívají k tomu , aby přilákali určité volebně strategické skupiny , například penzisty , státní zaměstnance či středostavovské majitele domů , a udrželi si je , zatímco náklady přesouvají na poražené .
the answer is that fiscal policy is the key tool politicians use to attract and maintain the support of a winning coalition of voters , say retirees , public employees , and middle-class homeowners , while imposing the costs on the losers .
the answer is that fiscal policy is a key instrument that politicians use to attract certain electoral groups , such as pensioners , state employees or the central building owners of the home , and maintain them , while the costs are being confined to them .
the answer is that fiscal policy is a key tool that politicians use politicians to attract a certain strategic group , such as pensioners , civil servants or mediterranean owners of home , and maintain them , while the costs are relocated .

latinská amerika , region , který se recepty tzv. &quot; washingtonského konsensu &quot; - volný obchod , cenová deregulace a privatizace - snažil aplikovat nejpilněji , dospěl k pomalému a nestabilnímu růstu s prohlubující se sociální nerovností .
latin america , the region that tried hardest to implement the &quot; washington consensus &quot; recipes--free trade , price deregulation , and privatization--has experienced low and volatile growth , with widening inequalities .
the latin america region , a region that is reception of the so-called &apos; washington consensus &apos; - free trade , price deregulation and privatisation - has tried to apply most hard , has come to slow and unstable growth with deepening social inequalities .
the latin american region , the region , which , with the recipients of the so-called &apos; washington consensus &apos; - free trade , deregulation and privatisation - has tried to apply the most hardest , adults , to slow and unstable growth with deepening social inequalities .

kritici proto namítají , že my dnes oněch marginálních 70 dolarů na hlavu potřebujeme mnohem více , než budou bohatší lidé roku 2100 potřebovat svých 500 dolarů , které by získali , kdyby se nemuseli potýkat s následky změn globálního klimatu .
so the critics argue that we need the marginal $ 70 per capita today much more than the richer people of 2100 will need the $ 500 that they would gain from being spared the effects of global climate change .
for this reason , the criticisms of criticisms suggest that today we , the margins of the margins , on the head , need much more than the rich people will need 2100 of their 500 dollars , who would have gained if they had not had to deal with the consequences of global climate change .
we therefore consider that today , the margins of 70 dollars on the head , we need much more than the rich people of 2100 of their 500 dollars , which would have to come if they did not have to deal with the consequences of global climate change today .

evropské instituce by proto měly opustit svůj paternalistický přístup a vzít vážně obavy centrálních bankéřů v kandidátských zemích z rizik spojených s udržováním domácích měn po dlouhé období , během něhož se jejich ekonomiky musí plně otevřít kapitálovému toku .
so european institutions should abandon their paternalistic approach and take seriously the concerns of accession countries &apos; central bankers about the risks of maintaining their own currencies for a long period during which their economies have to open up completely to capital flows .
therefore , the european institutions should abandon their paternalistic approach and take seriously the concerns of central bankers in candidate countries of the risks associated with maintaining domestic currency for a long period during which their economies must open their capital flows fully .
therefore , the european institutions should abandon their paternalistic approach and take seriously the concerns of central bankers in the candidate countries of the united states with maintaining domestic currency over a long period during which their economies must fully open their capital flow .

když zahájilo 13 britských kolonií v severní americe svou válku za nezávislost , thomas jefferson chápal , že , , řádný respekt k názorům lidstva &quot; vyžadoval objasnění války a předložil jej v prohlášení nezávislosti .
when the 13 british colonies in north america launched their own war of independence , thomas jefferson understood that &quot; the decent respect to the opinions of mankind &quot; required an explanation for that war , which he set forth in the declaration of independence .
in north america , thomson has understood that the proper respect for the views of the people &apos;s name &apos; called for clarification of the war in the united kingdom colonel colonies in northern america , thomas phenomenon , thomas fson has understood that , with due respect for the views of human beings &apos; , he called for clarification of the war and submitted it in the declaration of independence .
when the 13 british colonial colonial colonies started in north america , thomas jeas ferffert , understood that , proper respect for the views of the human name &apos; called for clarification of the war and presented it in independence .

bavorský předák edmund stoiber , kandidát sdu / csu na německého kancléře , volební rival stávajícího kancléře schrödera a rovněž neochvějný zastánce zájmů sudetských němců , požádal , aby kancléř schröder v reakci na zemanovy výlevy odmítl plánovanou návštěvu prahy .
edmund stoiber , bavaria &apos;s leader , the conservative cdu / csu candidate for german chancellor against current chancellor schroeder , and a staunch advocate of the sudeten germans , demanded that schroeder cancel a scheduled visit to prague in response to zeman &apos;s outburst .
the editorial of ediber , the candidate / cure in the german chancellor , dg schöder , and also the eager supporter of the supreme sudanese supreme sums , to give the chancellor / chancellor to the german chancellor , the election riczecla schöder of schöder , and also to protect the atoic interests of the supreme sudanese geria , to ask the chancellor chancellor , chancellor , to respond to the chancellor , in response to the response to the chancellor , to the chancellls of the chancellder of the chancellls .
the prime minister for the german chancellor , the current chancellor , and also the defenders of the department of germbahraw , to give a candidate to the german chancellor to the german chancellor , the current chancellor of the current summer of the schdeschderder , as well as the supporter of the deparent interests of the germans , the crörököris , to call on the planned visit to athens in the jamöch .

na izraelské straně by mohlo být další stažení se z desítek izolovaných a malých osad na západním břehu jordánu , které by obnášelo evakuaci dvaceti až třiceti tisíc osadníků , jednak politicky uskutečnitelné a jednak by poskytlo palestincům na západním břehu celistvé území .
on the israeli side , further disengagement from dozens of isolated and small settlements on the west bank , entailing the evacuation of between 20,000 and 30,000 settlers , may be politically feasible and would give the palestinians a contiguous territory on the west bank .
on the part of the israeli side , further withdrawal from dozens of isolated and small shopping on the west bank , which would bring up to 30 000 people to 20 000 people in israel , could be further withdrawn from the dozens of isolated isolation and isolation on the west bank .
on the israeli side , another withdrawal of the dozens and isolation of smes could be withdrawn from the dozens of sports in the west bank , which would evolve up to 20 000 people , and , on the other hand , to the west in the west bank , and to the west bank , which would have been carried out by 20 000 people , on the other hand , and on the other hand , by the west bank , and on the other hand , would be able to provide the fate of palestinians in the west bank .

avšak nedávný umíráček za pakt stability a růstu , jejž německo , jeho otec , zahubilo společně s francií v úloze spoluautora piklí a ochotného komplice , nám připomíná zásadní poučení : pro volené politiky je těžké , ne-li nemožné vzdát se moci v oblasti fiskální politiky .
but the recent death of the stability and growth pact-killed off by germany , its father , with france acting as co-conspirator and willing accomplice-reminds us of a key lesson : elected politicians find it hard , if not impossible , to relinquish substantial power in the area of fiscal policy .
however , the recent stability pact and growth pact , which germany , the father , coincided with frank colonies , and reminds us of the vigorous desire for fiscal policy : it is difficult for us not to refrain from the stability and growth pact , the father of germany , along with its father , to set up the role of the frank colonies in the authentic coast and teams ; it reminds us : it is difficult for us to revoid of fiscal policy ; it makes it difficult for us not to devoid of fiscal policy ; it is difficult for us , if it does not , it is impossible for us to devote it to a difficult fiscal policy .
however , the recent stability and growth pact , the father of germany , has , together , experienced frankly , frank and remembrance : it is vital for us : fiscal policy , the recent instability pact for the stability and growth pact , the stability and growth pact , which germany has experienced , the father , has killed the franche of france , together with the role of france in the computer , the role of comfort : it is essential to rectify us : fiscal policy , it is difficult for non-fiscal policy .

