kdo řídí deregulaci a konkurenci v evropě ?
who is driving deregulation and competition in europe ?
who is governed by deregulation and competition in europe ?
who is managing deregulation and competition in europe ?

a přesto se invaze uskutečnila .
yet the invasion went ahead .
despite this , the invasion has taken place .
and yet , the invasion has been made .

řekněte bushovi ne
just say no to bush
tell mr bush not .
tell you a bush .

to se nyní změní .
now , this will change .
this will now change .
this will now change .

to nikdo nechce .
no one wants this .
nobody wants that .
nobody wants that .

tento přístup velice často obětuje dlouhodobé zásadní cíle momentálním zájmům .
this approach too often sacrifices long-term essential objectives to short-term concerns .
this approach is very often sacrificed by the long-term objectives of the current interests .
this approach is very often sacrificed by the long-term fundamental objectives of the current interests .

v některých z těchto měst nyní růst cen domů ochabuje .
now growth in home prices is weakening in some of these cities .
in some of these towns , the increase in the price of houses is now being protected .
in some of these cities , the rise in the price of houses is now protected .

cosi však latinskou ameriku stále brzdí .
yet something is holding latin america back .
however , latin america is still hampering itself .
however , coin , latin america is still hampered .

jižní korea : nový zrádný úsvit
south korea &apos;s dangerous new dawn
south korea : a new vigorous scrapping .
south korea : a new harsher recovery .

mezi oběma událostmi existuje důvěrný vztah .
the two events are intimately connected .
there is a confidential relationship between the two events .
there is a confidential relationship between the two events .

žádná vláda tudíž nemůže takové závazky , , rozpustit v inflaci<unk> <unk> .
no government can thus <<unk>> <<unk>> inflate them away . &apos; &apos;
therefore , no government can make such a commitment , disrupt in the inflation process .
there is therefore no government in such commitments , to disappear in inflation .

druhým šokem byla integrace eu včetně rozšíření na sever a na jih .
the second shock was eu integration , including the northern and southern enlargements .
the second shock was the integration of the eu , including the expansion of the north and the south .
the second shock was eu integration , including enlargement to the north and south .

vysoké rozpočtové schodky podporují růst , zatímco inflace evidentně není problém .
large budget deficits support growth , but inflation evidently is not a problem .
high budget deficits support growth , while inflation is obviously not a problem .
high budgetary deficits support growth , while inflation is obviously not a problem .

- instituce vytvářející trh ( pro vymáhání majetkových práv a smluv )
market-creating institutions ( for property rights and contract enforcement ) ;
institutions created by the market ( for the enforcement of property rights and contracts )
- institutions creating a market ( enforcement of property rights and treaties )

vojenská moc nemůže být řešením všeho , co ohrožuje americké národní zájmy .
not every threat to america &apos;s national interests can be addressed with military power .
military power cannot be a solution to everything that threatens us national interests .
the military power cannot be a solution to everything that threatens us national interests .

vzhledem ke slabé ekonomice by se turecko stalo uchazečem o významnou pomoc ze strany eu .
because of its weak economy , turkey would be eligible for substantial eu assistance .
in view of the weak economy , turkey would become a chaos of significant assistance from the eu .
in view of the weak economy , turkey would have become an important assistance from the eu .

proč se více mladých lidí nedozví , jak snížit riziko nákazy hiv / aids ?
why don &apos;t more young people learn how to lower the risk of getting hiv / aids ?
why do more young people not know how to reduce the risk of hiv / aids infections ?
why do more young people not know how to reduce the risk of hiv / aids mortgages ?

bez takového úsilí připomíná snaha o zlepšení situace stavbu domu na písečné duně .
without such an effort , attempting to improve the situation is like building a house on a sand dune .
without such an effort , it reminds us of the attempt to improve the situation of the home in the song .
without such efforts , it reminds the efforts to improve the situation of the construction of the house in a seasonal spirit .

evropská záležitost by to mohla být pouze v případě , kdy by eu byla skutečnou federací .
it could only be a european matter , if the eu were a real federation .
this would only be a european issue if the eu were a real federation .
this could only be a european issue if the eu was a real federation .

čím dál významnější bude problematika nerovnosti , rozdělení bohatství a využívání světa přírody .
issues linked to inequality , the distribution of wealth , and our exploitation of the natural world will become increasingly salient .
the increasingly important issue of inequality , the distribution of wealth and the use of the world of nature will continue to be .
the issue of inequality , the distribution of wealth and the use of the world of nature will become increasingly important .

klíčem k úspěšnému navýšení investic do vodní infrastruktury jsou neméně navýšené investice do vodohospodářských institucí .
the key to successful increased investment in water infrastructure is an equally increased investment in water institutions .
the key to the successful increase in investment in water infrastructure is the unless increased investment in water management institutions .
the key to a successful increase in investment in water infrastructure is less increased investment in water institutions .

zásadní otázkou je , zda by úplná směnitelnost podpořila vyšší čistý příliv nebo odliv kapitálu .
the fundamental question is whether full convertibility will encourage higher net inflows or outflows of capital .
the fundamental question is whether full rigour would support a higher net influx or the movement of capital .
the fundamental question is whether full rigour would support a higher net influx or a breakdown of capital .

hlavní a vše prostupující touhou řadových korejců je dnes změna , nikoli bezpečnostní situace .
a popular yearning for change , not the security situation , is now the overriding concern of ordinary koreans .
today , the main and all the prominent aspirations of ordinary koreans are to change , not the security situation .
the main and everything that is proving is the desire of the ordinary korean koreans today is a change , not a security situation .

měly by tedy proceduru odvolávání přijmout všechny země , aby si zachovaly legitimitu vládnutí ?
so should every country adopt a recall procedure to maintain the legitimacy of governments ?
therefore , should the appeal procedure be taken by all countries to maintain the legitimacy of the government ?
should , therefore , be the procedure for appeal to adopt all countries to maintain the legitimacy of government ?

rozpočtový deficit spojených států dnes činí 455 miliard dolarů , což je 4,1 % hdp .
america &apos;s government budget deficit now stands at $ 455 billion , 4.1 % of gdp .
today , the united states budget deficit is 455 billion dollars , which is 4.1 % of gdp .
today , the united states budget deficit is 455 billion dollars , which is 4.1 % of gdp .

stručně řečeno se právě ty kvality , díky nimž jsou lišky tak přesné , zároveň podepisují na jejich menší oblibě .
in short , the qualities that make foxes more accurate also make them less popular .
in short , it is the quality that makes the distinctive distinctions so accurate , while also signing them to their smaller ones .
in short , it is precisely the quality that makes a distinction so accurate , at the same time they are signatories to their smaller ones .

kritikové neoliberalismu by se proto neměli stavět hlavním proudům ekonomie - jen proti jejich nesprávnému použití .
critics of neoliberalism should not oppose mainstream economics--only its misuse .
therefore , the critics of neoliberalism should not be built by the main counterparts of the economy - only against their misuse .
the criticisms of neoliberalism should not , therefore , be to build the main counterparts of the economy - only against their incorrect use .

hodně hovoří o společenské rovnosti , egalite , ale na rozdíl od němců ji příliš nepraktikují .
they talk a lot about egalité but , unlike the germans , they don &apos;t practice it much .
there is a lot of talk about social equality , egaliis , but , unlike germans , they do not practise it too much .
there is a lot of talk about social equality , egalists , but , unlike germans , they do not practise it too much .

vlády se však dnes nesmí spokojit jen s investicemi do dětí a musí začít podporovat novou generaci mladých lidí .
but now governments must go beyond investments in children and begin supporting the new generation of young people .
however , governments must not be satisfied today with investment in children and must start supporting a new generation of young people .
however , governments must not be satisfied today with investment in children and must start supporting a new generation of young people .

na mnoha místech - například v brazílii - se dnes situace zlepšuje , což do budoucna věstí mnoho dobrého .
the situation today is improving in some places - such as brazil - which augurs well for the future .
in many places - for example , in brazil - the situation is improving today , which is a great deal of good for the future .
in many places - for example in brazil - the situation is being improved today , which is a great deal of good for the future .

dárcovské země ustavičně žádají afričany , aby změnili obchodní politiku , vládní instituce , veřejnou správu a další věci .
donor countries incessantly ask africans to change their trade policies , government institutions , public administration , and more .
the donor countries are urged by the african authorities to change trade policy , government institutions , public administration and other things .
the donor countries are calling on africa to change trade policy , government institutions , public administration and other things .

žádá si navíc i snahu vybudovat čtyři typy institucí , které pomohou udržet tempo růstu a vybudovat odolnost vůči otřesům :
it also requires effort to build four types of institutions required to maintain growth momentum and build resilience to shocks :
in addition , it also calls for efforts to build four types of institutions to help maintain the pace of growth and to build resilience to the horrors :
moreover , it also calls for the efforts to build four types of institutions that will help to maintain the rate of growth and build resilience towards the horrors :

je-li načasování války otázkou volby , jak tomu bylo v tomto případě , pak je nedostatečná příprava samozřejmě ještě méně ospravedlnitelná .
certainly , when a war &apos;s timing is a matter of choice , as in this case , inadequate preparation is even less justifiable .
if the timing of war is a question of elections , as was the case in this case , then the lack of preparation is , of course , even less justifiable .
if the timing of the war is a matter of choice , as was the case in this case , the lack of preparation is , of course , even less justifiable .

právní omezení humanitárních intervencí jsou nezbytná , protože diktátoři takových intervencí velmi často využívají jako ospravedlnění zločinných útoků .
legal restraints on humanitarian intervention are necessary because dictators too often use it to justify criminal aggression .
legal restrictions on humanitarian intervention are necessary because dictators of such intervention are often used as justification for criminal attacks .
the legal restrictions on humanitarian intervention are essential because dictators of such intervention often use as justification for criminal attacks .

dnes je ale na ústupu právě tato vestfálská soustava , současně s důležitostí státních hranic .
but today it is the westphalian order that is in decline , along with the significance of state borders .
however , it is now up to the concessions that this vehementary court is , at the same time , with the importance of the national borders .
however , today , it is precisely this veyal system that is at the moment , at the same time , with the importance of national borders .

dnes si to čína , indie a další rozvojové země dovolit nemohou a bylo by nefér je za to penalizovat .
today , china , india , and other developing countries cannot , and it would be unfair to penalize them for that .
today , china , india and other developing countries cannot afford , and it would be unfair to penalise them .
today , china , india and other developing countries cannot afford and would not be fair for penalising them .

vzhledem k politické nestabilitě srbska zpochybňují tyto země škody vyplývající z krátkodobého odkladu <unk> byť by si je srbsko způsobilo převážně samo .
given serbia &apos;s political instability , they question the harm of a short-term postponement -- albeit mostly self-inflicted .
given the political instability of serbia , these countries are calling into question the damage resulting from the short term , even though serbia would be mainly caused by them .
given the political instability of serbia , these countries are questioning these damage resulting from the short-term postponement , even though serbia would cause them mainly .

nastal tedy čas vybudovat <unk> nikoliv rozvrátit či sabotovat <unk> mezinárodní instituce , které budou v následujících letech řídit naši reakci na změny globálního klimatu .
so now is the time to build , not disrupt or impede , the international institutions that will manage our response to global climate change in the years ahead .
it is therefore time to build up not to reverse or sabotage the international institutions that will follow our response to global climate change in the coming years .
that is why the time has come to build a magnificent or sabotage of international institutions , which will follow our response to global climate change in the coming years .

irácká válka nebyla a ani nemohla být ospravedlněna před světem tím , že saddám husajn je diktátor .
the iraq war was not and could not be justified on the basis that saddam hussein was a tyrant .
the iraqi war was not and could not have been justified before the world by saddam hussein being a dictator .
the iraqi war was not , nor could it be justified before the world by saddam husajan is a dictator .

když voliči ve francii a v nizozemsku odmítli návrh ústavní smlouvy evropské unie , svět věděl , že evropský projekt čelí hlubokým obtížím .
when voters in france and the netherlands turned down the proposal for a constitution for the european union , the world knew that the european project was in deep trouble .
when the voters in france and the netherlands rejected the draft constitutional treaty of the european union , the world knew that the european project is facing deep difficulties .
when voters in france and the netherlands rejected the proposal for a constitutional treaty of the european union , the world knew that the european project is facing deep difficulties .

máme-li učinit svět politicky bezpečnějším a ekonomicky stabilnějším a úspěšnějším , bude muset politická globalizace srovnat krok s globalizací ekonomickou .
if we are to make the world politically more secure and economically more stable and prosperous , political globalization will have to catch up with economic globalization .
if we are to make the world more politically secure and economically more stable and successful , political globalisation will have to compare a step with globalisation .
if we are to make the world a more secure and economically stable and more successful world , political globalisation will have to compare a step with globalisation .

vezměme si německo , kde někteří předáci opoziční křesťansko-demokratické unie prahnou po potopení schröderovy vlády .
consider germany , where some leaders of the opposition christian democrats yearn to sink the schröder government .
let us take germany , where some of the leaders of the opposition christian democratic union are praising schröder governments .
let us take germany , where some of the opposition to the christian democratic union are moving on to the hidden of schröröder government .

světová banka pomáhá se zajišťováním uhlíkových finančních prostředků , neboť jde o životaschopný rozvojový prostředek , a usnadňuje začlenění soukromého sektoru na tento trh .
the world bank has been instrumental in advancing carbon finance as a viable development tool , and in facilitating private-sector participation in the market .
the world bank helps to ensure carbon money , as it is a viable development instrument , and facilitates the integration of the private sector into this market .
the world bank is helping to ensure carbon funds , as it is a viable development means and facilitates the inclusion of the private sector on this market .

když se některé vlády v minulosti setkaly s problémem velkých státních dluhů , v podstatě je , , rozpustily v inflaci<unk> <unk> .
in the past , some governments , when faced with large national debts , effectively <<unk>> <<unk>> inflated them away . &apos; &apos;
when some governments in the past met the problem of large state debts , in fact , it is , disrupted in the inflation process .
when some governments in the past met the problem of large state debts , in fact , it is , they have disappeared in inflation .

jakkoliv se to může zdát vzhledem k hluboce zakořeněnému tureckému sekularismu nepravděpodobné , nelze toto riziko zcela vyloučit .
unlikely as it may be in view of turkey &apos;s deeply rooted secularism , such a risk cannot be totally excluded .
any such thing may seem to be unlikely , given the deeply rooted turkish secularism , this risk cannot be completely excluded .
however , it may appear , given the deeply rooted turkish secularism , unlikely , this risk cannot be completely excluded .

o rok později obdržel vynikající krystaly hemoglobinu a brzy vytvořil tehdy nejlepší rentgenové difrakční obrazy .
the next year , he was given excellent hemoglobin crystals and soon produced the best x-ray diffraction patterns to date .
a year later , he received an excellent hidden cover of global emotion and soon created the best rgenic screening screens .
a year later , it received an excellent coverage of global emotion and has soon created the best orthodox images at that time .

v latinské americe se naopak o globální technologické revoluci diskutuje mnohem méně a státní politice rozvoje vědy a technologií je jen zřídkakdy dávána priorita .
in latin america , the global technological revolution is much less discussed , and national policies to promote science and technology are rarely given prominence .
on the contrary , in latin america , the global technological revolution is discussed much less and the state policy of development of science and technology is only rarely given priority .
in latin america , on the contrary , the global technological revolution is being discussed much less and more state policy of development and technology is rarely given priority .

přesto nejsou ani ony imunní vůči vodním živelným pohromám , jak nás naučilo zničení new orleans hurikánem katrina .
even so , they are not immune to water-related disasters , as hurricane katrina &apos;s destruction of new orleans taught us .
however , they are not even immune to the water grave disasters , as they have taught us by the destruction of the orthodox huri cathia .
however , they are not even immune to water , and i have a huge disaster , as we have learnt from the destruction of orthodox huri carin .

s odkazem na keynese tito lidé argumentují , že schodkové hospodaření obnoví důvěru v ekonomiku dříve , než ji postihne recese či deprese .
following keynes , they argue that running deficits will restore confidence before a recession or depression can take hold .
with reference to kenya , these people are arguing that deficit management will restore confidence in the economy before it affects the recession or depression .
with reference to kenyan , these people are arguing that the deficit management will restore confidence in the economy before it affects recession or depression .

avšak měnová politika je ve srovnání s fiskální politikou mnohem těžkopádnější , nepřímou a nepřesnou metodou volby vítězů a poražených .
however , monetary policy is a much more awkward , indirect and imprecise way of choosing winners and losers than fiscal policy .
however , the monetary policy , compared with fiscal policy , is much more cumbersome , indirect and inaccurate method of the elections of victory and losers .
however , the monetary policy is much more difficult compared with fiscal policy , indirect and inaccurate method of choice of victories and pockets .

naopak , jakmile hrozí recese , politická diskuse se točí kolem toho , zda není potřeba je skrze diskreční fiskální politiku posílit dalsími stimuly .
on the contrary , whenever recession threatens , political debate revolves around whether they need to be reinforced by additional stimulus via discretionary fiscal policy .
on the contrary , once the recession is at risk , political debates are going around whether there is no need to strengthen the dalai lama &apos;s stimulus policy .
on the contrary , once the recession is at risk , the political debate is going to flow around whether there is no need for a disguised fiscal policy to strengthen the dalai lama &apos;s stimulus .

válka v iráku byla enormním <unk> projektem <unk> , ale nyní se zdá , že analýza jejích přínosů byla veskrze chybná a analýza nákladů prakticky neexistovala .
the iraq war was an immense &quot; project , &quot; yet it now appears that the analysis of its benefits was greatly flawed and that of its costs virtually absent .
the war in iraq was an enormous representative of the project , but now it seems that the analysis of its benefits has been modest and the cost-cost analysis has not practically existed .
the war in iraq has been a huge substitute for a project , but it now seems that the analysis of its benefits was a mistake and an analysis of the costs was practically not in practice .

mnozí pozorovatelé nicméně trvají na tom , že lidé , proti nimž je vedeno kriminální vyšetřování , by měli být propuštěni na kauci , a ne drženi ve vězení .
many observers nonetheless insist that those under criminal investigation should be released on bail instead of being kept in prison .
however , many observers insist that people who are being conducted by criminal investigations should be released in cairo and not held in prison .
however , many observers insist that people against whom criminal investigations are being conducted should be made redundant and not held in prison .

měla by <unk> daň za globální oteplování <unk> činit 0,05 dolaru za galon , 0,50 dolaru za galon , anebo 1,50 dolaru za galon ?
should the extra &quot; global warming &quot; tax be $ 0.05 a gallon , $ 0.50 a gallon , or $ 1.50 a gallon ?
should the global warming tax be based on 0.05 dollars for gallon , 0.50 dollars for gallon , or 1.50 dollars for gallon ?
should the global warming tax be included for 0.05 dollars for gallo , 0.50 dollars for gallo , or 1.50 dollars for gallo ?

ve snaze učinit <unk> válečné <unk> paradigma přiléhavým hovoří bushova administrativa o al-káidě jako o centrálně řízeném nepříteli .
in order to make the &quot; war &quot; paradigm fit , the bush administration alludes to al-qaeda as a centrally directed enemy .
in order to make a post-war paradigm political paradigm , the bush administration of al-qaeda speaks of the central enemy .
in an attempt to make a binding war paradigm belonging to the bubble , the bush administration and al-qaeda as a centrally established enemy .

ačkoliv každá nová prodejna bere obchody blízkým pobočkám wal-martu , neustále se zdokonalující efektivita zásobování pomáhá udržet celkový růst řetězce .
even though each new store takes away business from wal-mart stores established nearby , ever-improving supply efficiencies help maintain the chain &apos;s overall growth .
although every new sale is taking into account the shops of the middle boxes of w-marty , the ever-increasing efficiency of supply helps to maintain the overall growth of the chain .
although every new sale takes the trade of the middle pockets of wallis , the continuous efficiency of supply is helping to maintain the overall supply chain .

je s podivem , jak mnoho lidí si podle všeho myslí , že usa porostou v příštích deseti letech rychleji než evropa a japonsko prostě proto , že tomu tak bylo v předchozích deseti letech .
it is curious how many people seem to think that the us will grow faster than europe and japan over the next ten years simply because it has done so for the past ten years .
it is underestimated , as many people think , that the us will grow up in the next 10 years faster than europe and japan simply because it was in the previous ten years .
it is underestimating how many people believe that the us is growing more quickly over the next ten years than europe and japan simply because this was the case in previous ten years .

podle nedávného průzkumu veřejného mínění jen 54,8 procenta korejců souhlasí s rozmístěním amerických vojáků v zemi , přičemž 31,7 procenta se vyslovilo proti .
according to a recent poll , only 54.8 % of koreans now support the stationing of american troops in the country , while 31.7 % oppose it .
according to the recent opinion poll , only 54.8 percent and koreans agree to the deployment of american soldiers in the country , with 31.7 % being opposed .
according to the recent public opinion survey , only 54.8 per cent agree with the deployment of american soldiers in the country , with 31.7 per cent opposed .

ne všechna výjimečná období zplodí své bonaparty a pravděpodobně je to dobře , neboť výjimeční vůdci mohou vyvolávat iluzi , že všechny problémy mají řešení , což není ani zdaleka pravda .
not all exceptional periods create their bonapartes , and this is probably a good thing , for exceptional leaders may give the illusion that all problems have solutions , which is far from true .
not all the exceptional times are going to fruition their bonades and it is probably good , because exceptional leaders can give an illusion that all the problems have a solution , which is far from true .
not all of the exceptional periods are going to come up with their bonn , and it is probably good , because exceptional leaders can create an illusion that all the problems have solutions , which is far from true .

lidská mobilita je omezená a turečtí dělníci by se pravděpodobně směli volně pohybovat po eu teprve po dlouhém přechodném období , dost možná ne dříve než v roce 2025 .
human mobility is limited , and turkey workers &apos; would probably be allowed to move freely within the eu only after a long transition period , possibly not before 2025 .
human mobility is limited and turkish workers would probably move freely to the eu only after a long transitional period , perhaps not before 2025 .
human mobility is limited and turkish workers would probably move freely after the eu only after a long transitional period , perhaps not before 2025 .

to podtrhuje význam , jenž pro indickou finanční stabilitu má úspěšná správa kapitálového účtu ( monitoring přílivu a odlivu kapitálu ) po každém kroku směrem k úplné směnitelnosti .
this underscores the importance for india &apos;s financial stability of successful management of the capital account ( monitoring inflows and outflows ) following any move toward full convertibility .
this underlines the importance of the success of the management of capital accounts for indian financial stability ( interruptions and the flow of capital ) following every step towards full rigour .
this underlines the importance which , for the indian financial stability , has a successful management of capital accounts ( monitoring of the influx and flow of capital ) after every step towards full rigour .

stejného účinku však tento tlak dosáhl také u andreje sacharova či václava havla , kteří své nejvyšší hodnoty bránili s odkazem na světský humanismus a používali jeho jazyka .
but it did the same for andrei sakharov and vaclav havel , who defended their supreme values with reference to , and in the language of , lay humanism .
however , the same effect has also been achieved by andrei sakharov or václav haul , who have defended their highest values with reference to world humanism and used his language .
the same effect , however , has also reached this pressure on andrei sakharov or václav haul , who defended their highest values with reference to world humanism and used his language .

je bushovou a blairovou povinností svá tvrzení dokázat , a to s vědomím celosvětového podezření , že americké a britské bezpečnostní složky by mohly naaranžovat fingované důkazy .
it is incumbent upon bush and blair to prove their case , and to prove it in the face of worldwide suspicion that the us and uk security agencies might plant phony evidence .
it is a bush and blasphemy duty to demonstrate its assertions , in consciousness of the global suspicion that the american and british security forces could arash the finnish evidence .
it is a bush and blasphemy obligation to demonstrate their claims , with the knowledge of the global suspicion that the american and british security forces could establish fingerprinted evidence .

nebude-li humanitární intervence strukturována způsobem , který zaručí základní bezpečnost , pak skrytá nepřátelství , jež si tuto intervenci původně vynutila , nezeslábnou , nýbrž zesílí .
unless a humanitarian intervention is structured in such a way that it guarantees basic security , the underlying antagonisms that inspired the intervention in the first place will merely be reinforced , not diminished .
if humanitarian intervention is not structured in a way that guarantees basic security , then the hidden hostility that originally imposed this intervention did not force it , but is strengthened .
if the humanitarian intervention is not structured in a way that guarantees fundamental security , then the hidden hostility that was originally imposed by this intervention was not blatant , but which is intensifying .

výsledkem je , že od pádu komunismu různé politické skupiny propojené s odborovým hnutím solidarita usilují o to , stát se politickou pravicí , a pletou si tak termíny politického diskurzu .
as a result , various political groups associated with the solidarity trade union movement have , since communism &apos;s fall , aspired to represent the political right , confusing the terms of political discourse .
as a result , since the fall of communism , the various political groups linked to the trade union solidarity are trying to do so , to become political right-wing , and thus to the term of political discourse .
the result is that , from the fall of communism , the various political groups linked to the trade union &apos;s trade union are striving for this , the state of political right , and the pleasant term of political discourse .

pětadvacet let poté , co jan pavel ii. odjel z polska do říma , mu zůstáváme my poláci vděčni , že nám pomohl znovu získat svobodu .
twenty-five years after john paul ii left poland for rome , we poles remain grateful to him for having helped us regain our freedom .
twenty-twenty years after jan paul iandrei , who went from poland to rome , we remain grateful to poles that he was able to regain freedom .
twenty-five years after jan paul paul paiiiv came from poland to rome , we are grateful to poles that he has helped us to regain freedom .

problémy eu tkví ve stagnujícím výstupu , vysoké strukturální nezaměstnanosti , slabém růstu produktivity , marnotratné a nespravedlivé společné zemědělské politice ( cap ) a nadcházejících strukturálních změnách samotné eu , které plynou z jejího rozsíření .
the eu &apos;s problems are stagnant output , high structural unemployment , weak productivity growth , the wasteful and unfair common agricultural policy ( cap ) , and the forthcoming structural adjustments from the expansion of the eu itself .
the eu &apos;s problems in the stagnation , the high structural unemployment , the weak growth of productivity , marginal and unjust common agricultural policy ( cfsp ) and the forthcoming structural changes of the eu itself , which emerge from its distribution .
the eu &apos;s problems are at a staggering rate , high structural unemployment , weak growth in productivity , marriage and unfair common agricultural policy ( cap ) and the forthcoming structural changes of the eu itself , which emerge from its deployment .

lékaři se mohou cítit provinile a obávat se soudní pře , výrobci léčiv si dělají starosti kvůli ohrožení firemních zisků a regulační orgány se musí vyrovnat s otázkou : <unk> proč byl lék vůbec kdy schválen ? <unk>
physicians may feel guilty and fear litigation , drug companies worry about the threat to corporate profits and regulatory agencies must face the question : &quot; why was the drug approved in the first place ? &quot;
doctors can feel protracted and fear of a judicial denominator , medicines are worried about the threat of fire-fighting profits , and the regulatory authorities have to cope with the question : why was it ever approved ?
doctors can feel pronounced and fear of judicial attraction , manufacturers are worried about the threat of firearms profits and the regulatory authorities have to deal with the question : why was they approved at all ?

jak uvádí guvernér polské národní banky leszek balcerowicz , přijetí eura kandidátskými zeměmi dozajista přinese těmto zemím užitek , přičemž pro současné členy bude dopad tohoto kroku přinejhorším neutrální .
as leszek balcerowicz , the governor of the national bank of poland , argues , adoption of the euro by candidate countries will certainly create benefits for candidate countries , while in the worst case being neutral for current members .
as governed by the governor of the polish national bank , cerowicz , the adoption of the euro candidate countries will ensure that these countries benefit , with the impact of this kind of worse neutral neutrality for the current member states .
as the governor of the polish national bank , lcecwicz , the adoption of the euro candidate countries will be able to benefit these countries , with the worst neutral impact of this step in the current member states .

bohatí již dlouho bojují proti zdanění , které je potřebné ke zvýšení investic do vzdělání a zdraví chudých , čímž se hluboké sociální rozdíly zvěčňují a ponechávají mnoho lidí bez zdravotní péče a kvalifikace , jež jsou podmínkou globální konkurenceschopnosti .
the rich have long fought against taxation needed to increase investment in the education and health of the poor , perpetuating deep social divisions and leaving many people without the health and skills that global competitiveness requires .
for a long time now , the rich are fighting taxation that is needed to increase investment in education and health of poor , thereby making social differences more profound and leaving many people without health care and qualifications , which are a precondition for global competitiveness .
for a long time , fighting taxation has been fighting for a long time , which is needed to increase investment in education and health of poor , thereby recognising deep social differences and leaving many people without healthcare and qualifications , which are a precondition for global competitiveness .

strategickým vyhýbáním se transparentnosti si svůj chléb vydělávají vychytralí politici , kteří se chtějí zavděčit lobbistům tím , že před zraky většiny občanů skrývají náklady na státní štědrost .
a strategic lack of transparency is the bread and butter of shrewd politicians who want to please a lobby by hiding the costs of the public &apos;s largesse from the majority of citizens .
they earn politicians who want to deceive lobbyists by hiding the majority of citizens by hiding the cost of state drugs .
politicians who want to grasp lobbyists by hidden lobbyists by hiding over the size of the majority of citizens to hide the costs of state drugs .

jednostranné stažení izraele je výsledkem hlubokého politického posunu zapříčiněného dvěma poněkud rozporuplnými přesvědčeními , která charakterizují politiku premiéra ariela šarona od roku 2003 : totiž že <unk> cestovní mapa <unk> iniciovaná spojenými státy nikam nevede a že status quo je neudržitelné .
israel &apos;s unilateral withdrawal is the outcome of a deep political shift that has been caused by two somewhat contradictory convictions that have characterized prime minister ariel sharon &apos;s policies since 2003 : first , that the us-initiated &quot; road map &quot; is going nowhere and , second , that the status quo is untenable .
the unilateral withdrawal of israel is the result of a profound political shift caused by two rather contradictory beliefs characterised by prime minister arianism &apos;s policy since 2003 : that the road map initiated by the united states is not conducting the status quo and that the status quo is unsustainable .
the unilateral withdrawal of israel is the result of a deep political shift caused by two somewhat contradictory conviction , which characterises the policy of prime minister arias since 2003 : that the road map launched by the united states , which does not lead to the status quo , and that the status quo is unsustainable .

dřívější nečinnost fedu ohledně zvyšování sazeb představuje významné ponaučení pro evropskou centrální banku : příliš dlouhé otálení se zvyšováním sazeb na obvyklejší a přiměřenější úroveň po déletrvajícím období měnové stability při nezvykle nízkých úrokových sazbách v sobě skrývá nebezpečné důsledky .
the fed &apos;s failure to raise rates earlier thus holds a powerful lesson for the european central bank : after a prolonged period of monetary stability at unusually low interest rates , waiting too long to raise rates to more normal and appropriate levels holds dangerous consequences .
the earlier inaction on the increase in rates represents an important lesson for the european central bank : too long slavery with the increase in rates for the usual and more adequate levels following the hallmark of the monetary stability period in unused low interest rates in itself is hiding dangerous consequences .
the earlier failure of the phenomenon to increase rates is a significant lesson for the european central bank : too long of increasing rates for the usual and more adequate level of monetary stability during the unused low interest rate rates .

třebaže se tito politikové často hlásí k , , pravici<unk> <unk> , jejich pravá politika , kupříkladu politika bývalého slovenského premiéra vladimíra mečiara , je ve skutečnosti demagogická , populistická nebo autoritářská .
although such politicians often describe themselves as <<unk>> <<unk>> rightist , &apos; &apos; their real policies , such as , for , example , those of former slovak prime minister vladimir meciar , are in fact demagogic populist or authoritarian .
although these politicians often announce , right-wing , right-wing policies , their right , their genuine policy , the example of the former slovak prime minister vladimid meari , it is , in fact , demagogic , populist or authoritarian .
these politicians often report , the right-wing act , their true policy , the example of the former slovak prime minister , vladimir mighari , is , in fact , demagogic , populist or authoritarian .

evropany , kteří se obávají , že větší odkázanost na soukromé peníze nutně znamená konzervativní program , by zároveň mělo uklidnit zjištění , že sanfranciský symfonický orchestr má jeden z nejodvážnějších repertoárů v usa .
it also should be reassuring to europeans who are concerned that greater reliance on private money necessarily means conservative programming that the san francisco symphony has one of the most adventuresome repertoires in the us .
at the same time , the conservative programme should be reassured that the francis-sympathetic fund of european europeans , who fear that one of the most courageous flows in the us should also be reassured by the fact that fransancis-cisseves has one of the most courageous flows in the us .
at the same time , it should be reassured that the franche of europeans who fear that greater modulation of private money necessarily means a conservative programme , at the same time , it should reassess that the francis funds , frankly , has one of the most courageous flows in the us .

opětovné vyvolání vysoké inflace nám v dnesním prostředí může připadat nemyslitelné , ale mějme na paměti , že již poměrně skromná sestiprocentní inflace sníží skutečnou hodnotu státního dluhu za pouhých 11 let na polovinu .
a resurgence of substantial inflation may seem unthinkable in today &apos;s environment , but remember that even a relatively modest 6 % annual inflation rate cuts the real value of a nation &apos;s debt in half in just 11 years .
it may be unthinkable , but let us bear in mind that a relatively modest percentage of inflation will reduce the real value of sovereign debt for only 11 years in an unthinkable environment , but let us remember that a relatively modest percentage rate inflation will reduce the real value of sovereign debt .
however , let us remember that relatively moderate inflation will reduce the real value of sovereign debt for only 11 years in drought , but let us bear in mind that a relatively modest percentage of inflation will reduce the real value of sovereign debt for only 11 years to half .

ve druhé půli čtyřicátých let se účastníci ustavování poválečného mezinárodního ekonomického řádu snažili vytvořit mezinárodní měnový systém , který by ( a ) pamatoval na to , aby měnové kurzy byly dostatečně stabilní a ušetřily výrobce a spotřebitele nebezpečí jejich přílišných a iracionálních fluktuací , ( b ) umožňoval jednotlivým zemím uskutečňovat své vlastní vnitřní makroekonomické politiky a ( c ) zabraňoval katastrofickým panikám , které nepostihují jen jednotlivé banky , ale celé země a z nichž vycházela ničivá mezinárodní finanční situace světové hospodářské krize .
in the late 1940s , those present at the creation of the post-world war ii international economic order tried to create an international monetary system that would ( a ) allow for exchange rates stable enough for producers and consumers to escape the risks of excessive and irrational exchange rate fluctuations , ( b ) allow countries to follow their own domestic macroeconomic policies , and ( c ) prevent the catastrophic panics affecting not just individual banks but whole countries that produced the destructive international financial crisis of the great depression .
in the second half of four years , participants in the establishment of a post-war international economic order have tried to create an international monetary system , which would - and recalls - to ensure that monetary kurds are sufficiently stable and to save producers and consumers the dangers of their excessive and irrational invoices ( b ) to allow individual countries to carry out their own internal economic policy and macro-economic policies ( csgp ) , which are not just the banks , but the whole country , and which has resulted in the financial situation of the world &apos;s economic crisis .
in the second half of the four years , the participants in the post-war international economic order have tried to create an international monetary system , which would remember ( and ) to ensure that monetary courses are sufficiently stable and to save producers and consumers the dangers of their excessive and irrational voices ( b ) to allow individual countries to implement their own macro-economic policy and ( c ) to take into account the catastrophic panic panic panels , which are not only the individual banks , but the entire countries of the global financial crisis .

svã <unk> ho populistickã <unk> ho přã <unk> stupu , krã ¡ tkodobã <unk> ch reakcã <unk> a neokorporativistickã <unk> ch snah přemluvit odborovã <unk> organizace a sdru<unk> <unk> enã <unk> zaměstnavatelů ke kompromisu se vzdal a<unk> <unk> po svã <unk> m znovuzvolenã <unk> na podzim roku 2002 .
only after his re-election in autumn 2002 , did he give up his previous populist stance , short-term responses and neo-corporatist ways of trying to talk trade unions and employers &apos; associations into compromise .
the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude magazine authorised by the magazine massacre , represented by the coast of the bankcoba and neviruphotos to relocate the trade union &apos;s trade union , and the hienignapi association organisation of the countryman has been informed by the narrow-visionic aignashire and has been entruled by the association of the association of the association of the hilicuppppines , and the association with the association of the hilichotos , and the hilipppppppheros following the achi , and the accuras , following the obbo &apos;usausausakharos of the
the escalation of the eu &apos;s vision of the escalation of the influenza of the eu &apos;s sentiment of a sentiment of a blockade of the embassies of the embryo , the vienna of the winner of the vienna of the peace of the association of the association of the southern accrates , and the nepal of the nepal of the nepal vienna , and the aunded trade union &apos;s efforts to divide the association and the association organisation of the association of the activist association of the activist for the activist reaks for the reaking of the reaking of the actor of the rea for the reb , the reb &apos;s reb , and of the reactor of the reactor of the ressactor of the ates of the reates of the red to red

a konečně téměř každý souhlasí , že vlády , neziskové instituce a energetické firmy by měly vynakládat mnohem větší prostředky na vývoj technologií , které produkují energii bez uhlíkových emisí , odbourávají je z atmosféry do lesů nebo oceánů a ochlazují zeměkouli tím , že odrážejí větší množství slunečního světla , jež na ni dopadá .
finally , almost everyone agrees that governments , non-profit institutions , and energy companies should be spending far more to develop technologies that generate non-carbon-emitting power , that remove it from the atmosphere to forests or oceans , and that cool the earth by reflecting more of the sunlight that lands on it .
it is almost everyone who agrees that governments , non-profit companies and energy companies should spend much more money on the development of carbon technologies , without carbon emissions , from the atmosphere of forests or oceans , and , finally , almost everyone agrees that governments , non-profit companies and energy institutions should contribute to much bigger means to the development of technologies that produce much more environmentally friendly technologies without carbon dioxide emissions , are free from the atmosphere of forests or depleting into the ocean atmosphere and thus , by reflecting the added to the quantity quantity of energy institutions .
finally , everyone agrees that the government of energy and energy firms should spend much more resources on the development of technologies that are fought without carbon dioxide emissions , and that they do not agree , almost every government , that the energy institutions and the energy institutions should spend much more on the development of technologies that produce carbon technologies without carbon dioxide emissions , deduct them from the atmosphere or forests , which reflect the greater quantities of the world .

bernal se roku 1927 přestěhoval zpět do cambridge , kde působil jako lektor strukturální krystalografie , a v roce 1931 byl povýšen na zástupce vedoucího výzkumu na úseku krystalografie , tehdejším pododdělení cavendishovy laboratoře .
bernal moved back to cambridge as a lecturer in structural crystallography in 1927 , and in 1931 was promoted to assistant director of research in crystallography , by then a sub-department of the cavendish laboratory .
in writing . - ( de ) in 1927 , cambridge has moved to camp back to camp as a doctor of structural retaliation in 1931 , a guidance on the marriage of markov , the department of the markov of the 1927 has moved back to camp back to camp in camp , where it has been used as a doctor of structural retail of peter talibre in 1931 , to the head of research led by the marsemir , the massacre of the talicat of the marriage , the marty of the marriage of the marriage , dez , the department of the department of the martyr .
in 1931 , i take the 1927 to go back to the 1927 , where the structural retail department service was detained in the then department of departments , the bermotorway of the 19927 ceased to cambridge , in 1927 , as the structural departments service , in 1931 , and in 1931 , a department for the then departments , the then department of departments , departments , the departments of departments .

