důležitá je rovněž povaha poskytnuté nezávislosti .
the nature of the independence bestowed is also important .
the nature of independence is also important .
the nature of independence is also important .

jak popohnat latinskou ameriku
getting latin america unstuck
how to bury latin america .
how to match latin america

revoluční konzervativní papež
the revolutionary conservative pope
a revolutionary conservative pope .
revolutions of the revolutionary conservative passport

ponaučení z cunami
lessons from the tsunami
lessons learned from the cutbacks .
lesson from cutbacks from cutbacks

důsledky irácké války
consequences of the iraq war
the consequences of the iraqi war are of the consequences of the iraqi war .
the consequences of the iraqi war by the consequences of the iraqi war

nejde o nostalgii po zašlé slávě .
this is not nostalgia for past glory .
this is not about algio after the shock .
it is not about the algic after a shot .

měli bychom však nyní a v příštím desetiletí dělat i něco dalšího ?
but should we be doing anything else now and in the next decade ?
however , should we now and should do something further in the next decade ?
however , should we do something more in the next decade and in the next decade ?

jak zkrotit politiky na obou březích atlantiku
taming politicians on both sides of the atlantic
how to step up policies on both shores of the atlantic .
how to step up policies on both shores of the atlantic

neoliberalismus neuspěl - co teď ?
after neoliberalism , what ?
has neoliberalism not succeeded - what has it done now ?
neo-neoliberalism has not succeeded - what is now ?

osobně nic proti halovým prodejnám nemám .
i have nothing against big box stores .
i personally have nothing against home-grown sale .
i do not have anything to do with hurricanic sales personally .

podobné argumenty sice mohou být v určitých situacích opodstatněné , ale mají svá omezení .
but such arguments , although valid at times , have their limits .
such arguments may be justified in certain situations , but they have their limitations .
such arguments may be justified in certain situations , but they have their limitations .

tento typ nápaditého programu je významný pro evropské i americké orchestry .
this type of innovative program is relevant for european as well as american orchestras .
this type of programme is important for both the european and american orchestrates .
this type of agenda is important for both european and american orchester .

odcizená a nezaměstnaná mládež je všude na světě důvodem k znepokojení .
alienated and unemployed youth are a concern everywhere .
cited and unemployed youth is a cause for concern everywhere in the world .
unemployed and unemployed youth are a cause for concern everywhere in the world .

brazílie již demonstrovala schopnost být technologickou vývozní mocností .
brazil has demonstrated the ability to be a technological export power .
brazil has already demonstrated the ability to be a technological development power .
brazil has already demonstrated the ability to be a technological export power .

- instituce legitimizující trh ( pro sociální ochranu a zabezpečení )
market-legitimizing institutions ( for social protection and insurance ) .
the institution - the legitimisation of the market ( for social protection and security ) .
( for social protection and security ) , the institutions - legitimising market ( social protection and security )

tyto úvahy by měly být vodítkem při rozhodování , co bude v evropě následovat po paktu stability .
these considerations should guide the choice of what will follow the stability pact in europe .
these considerations should be a guide in deciding what will follow in europe following the stability pact .
these considerations should be hydrogen in deciding what will be followed by the stability pact in europe .

armáda a policie mobilizovaly téměř 50 000 členů , kteří mají vystěhování realizovat .
the army and the police have mobilized almost 50,000 troops to carry out evictions .
the army and the police have mobilised almost 50 000 members who are to implement it .
the army and the police have mobilised almost 50 000 members who are to implement .

principy demokracie , sociální spravedlnosti , sociální solidarity a vlády zákona je třeba rozšířit nad úroveň státních hranic .
principles of democracy , social justice , social solidarity , and the rule of law need to be extended beyond national boundaries .
the principles of democracy , social justice , social solidarity and the rule of law need to be extended to the level of national borders .
the principles of democracy , social justice , social solidarity and the government of the law must be extended to the level of state borders .

obdobné pokroky ve velkoobchodních zásobovacích řetězcích tvoří dalších 25 % !
similar advances in wholesaling supply chains account for another 25 % !
similar advances in the large-scale commercial supply chains make up another 25 % !
similar advances in the large-scale trade supply chain are more than 25 % !

hlavní tíhu nákladů na zranění a smrt nesou pochopitelně vojáci a jejich rodiny .
of course , the brunt of the costs of injury and death is borne by soldiers and their families .
of course , the main cost of injuries and deaths is the soldiers and their families .
of course , the main cost of injuries and death lies the soldiers and their families .

zlepšil se přístup dívek ke vzdělání a některé společenské rozdíly mezi pohlavími zeslábly .
access to education for girls has improved , and some gender gaps have been reduced .
girls have improved access to education and some social differences between the sexes have improved .
the access of girls to education and some societal differences between women has improved .

jedná-li se ale o záležitost vyřešenou před padesáti lety , proč nás pronásleduje právě teď ?
but if this is an issue solved over fifty years ago , why is it haunting us now ?
however , if the matter is dealt with 50 years ago , why is it going to us just now ?
however , if the matter is resolved before fifty years ago , why is it going to follow us now ?

čína si v roce 2002 získala přímé zahraniční investice ve výši 52,7 miliard usd - nejvíce na světě .
china attracted fdi inflows of us $ 52.7 billion in 2002--the largest in the world .
in 2002 , china gained direct foreign investment at usd 52.7 billion - most in the world .
in 2002 , china received direct foreign investment in eur 52.7 billion - most in the world .

odtud tedy všeobecné přesvědčení , že demokracie zraje jako víno a kvalitu získává časem .
hence the popular belief that democracies , like wine , improve with age .
therefore , the general conviction that democracy is a miracle and quality is acquiring time .
that is why the general conviction that democracy is like wine and quality is obtained in time .

neustálá hrozba terorismu učinila tuto izolaci ještě dramatičtější pro evropské islámské populace .
the constant threat of terrorism has made this isolation even more dramatic for the europe &apos;s islamic populations .
the constant threat of terrorism has made this isolation even more dramatic for the european islamic population .
the constant threat of terrorism has made this isolation even more expensive for the european islamic population .

budou-li mladí lidé vyzbrojeni správnými informacemi a pobídkami , mohou lépe rozhodovat o svém zdraví a vzdělání .
armed with the right information and incentives , young people can make better decisions about their health and education .
if young people are broken by correct information and incentives , they can make better decisions on their health and education .
if young people are called for administrative information and incentives , they can better decide on their health and education .

naším úkolem je najít způsob , jak stát při sobě , aniž bychom se stavěli proti komukoliv konkrétnímu .
our task is to find a way to stand together without standing against anybody in particular .
our task is to find a way to stand in each other without age against any specific one .
our task is to find a way to stand in each other without being opposed to any specific .

kdo však ví , co si voliči budou myslet za tři roky , tedy na konci řádného funkčního období stávající vlády ?
but who knows what the electorate will think in three years , at the end of the government &apos;s full term in office ?
however , who knows what the electorate will think for three years , at the end of the proper term of office of the current government ?
however , who knows what voters will think for three years , that is , at the end of the proper term of office of the current government ?

skutečnost , že američané ji jsou ochotni platit , naznačuje , že její přínos převyšuje náklady .
that americans are willing to pay this suggests that the option value exceeds the costs .
the fact that the americans are willing to pay it indicates that its contribution exceeds costs .
the fact that the americans are willing to pay is indicating that their contribution is transferred to costs .

nerovnost a pocit deprivace však přispívají k zlosti a společenské nestabilitě , čímž ohrožují bezpečnost .
but inequality and a sense of deprivation do contribute to resentment and social instability , threatening security .
however , the lack of equality and the feeling of deterrent contribute to the evil and social instability , thereby jeopardising security .
however , inequality and the feeling of departments contribute to the escalation and social instability , thereby jeopardising security .

přiznejme , že není snadné vytvořit takové metody poměřování , které by byly věrohodné v celém spektru rozumných názorů .
granted , it is not easy to create methods of keeping score that are credible across the spectrum of reasonable opinion .
let us admit that it is not easy to create such a method of measurement that would be credible throughout the spectrum of reasonable views .
let us admit that it is not easy to create such methods of measuring which would be credible throughout the spectrum of reasonable views .

během všech těchto let evropské vlády důsledně potvrzovaly nárok turecka na plné členství , přičemž jeho vstup podmiňovaly splněním členských kritérií .
during all these years , european governments consistently confirmed turkey &apos;s eligibility for full membership , making accession dependent on compliance with membership criteria .
during all these years , the european government has consistently confirmed turkey &apos;s eligibility for full membership , with its entry to meet the member states &apos; criteria .
during all these years , the european governments have consistently confirmed turkey &apos;s right to full membership , with its entry to meet the criteria of the member states .

urputná bitva o střednědobou budoucnost unijního rozpočtu minulý týden tento rozsudek vrchovatě potvrdila .
last week &apos;s bruising battle over the medium-term future of the union &apos;s budget has confirmed that verdict with a vengeance .
last week , the insult battle for the mid-term future of the union &apos;s budget confirmed this drought last week .
the offensive battle on the medium-term future of the union budget last week confirmed this drought .

lidé se cítí nejbezpečněji , když investují do vlastních domovů , a existuje jen málo důvodů očekávat bezprostřední změnu .
people feel safest investing in their homes , and there is little reason to expect imminent change .
people feel the most safe when they invest in their own homes , and there are few reasons to expect immediate change .
people feel the most safe when they invest in their own homes , and there are only few reasons to expect immediate change .

švýcarsko se svým obecně pomalejším tempem a důkladnými politickými debatami před hlasováními je možná výjimkou .
switzerland , with its generally slower pace and its thorough political debates before votes are held , may be the exception .
switzerland , in general , is perhaps the exception to its slow pace and thorough political nations before the vote .
switzerland , in general , is perhaps the exception to its external pace and the thorough fabric of political leaders before the vote .

syrští předáci nadále odmítají i požadavky ze samotného libanonu , aby ukončili 28 trvající syrskou vojenskou přítomnost .
syria &apos;s leaders also continue to dismiss demands from within lebanon for an end to syria &apos;s 28-year military presence .
the syrians continue to reject the requirements of lebanon itself in order to put an end to 28 syrian military presence .
the symptoms continue to reject the requirements of lebanon itself in order to put an end to the 28 syrian military presence .

to předpokládalo morální agnosticismus a pluralitu významů , z nichž žádný není svatý ani závazný pro všechny .
it presupposed moral agnosticism and a plurality of meanings , none of which are sacred or compulsory to all .
this was assumed by moral hatred and pluralism , none of which is arbitrary or binding for all .
this was predicted by moral agnocism and pluralism of significant importance , none of which is arbitrary or binding for all .

v novém světě globalizace však existuje větší ekonomická provázanost , která vyžaduje kolektivnější jednání , pravidla i instituce a také mezinárodní vládu zákona .
but in the new world of globalization , there is greater economic interdependence , which requires more collective action , rules and institutions , and an international rule of law .
however , in the new world of globalisation , there is a greater economic interdependence that requires more collective negotiations , rules and institutions , as well as the international government of law .
however , in the new world of globalisation , there is a greater economic link that requires more collective negotiations , rules and institutions , as well as the international rule of law .

je to proto , že i po absolvování základní školy někdy nemají daleko k negramotnosti , anebo si nemohou střední vzdělání dovolit ?
is it because they are sometimes close to being illiterate even after primary school , or because it is unaffordable ?
is it because , even after the graduation of basic schools , there is sometimes no longer a long way to illiteracy or cannot afford secondary education ?
is it because , after graduation of basic schools , they sometimes do not have a long way to disgrace , or can they not afford central education ?

třebaže zemědělská liberalizace obchodu může vývozní výnosy některých chudých zemí zvýšit , největší prospěch kyne movitějším zemědělským vývozcům .
and , while agricultural trade liberalization may enhance export earnings for some poor countries , the main beneficiaries will be the more well-to-do agricultural exporters .
although agricultural liberalisation of trade can increase the export yield of some poor countries , it is the biggest benefit of the more prosperous agricultural exporters .
although agricultural liberalisation of trade may increase the export yield of some poor countries , the largest benefit of the most active agricultural exporters .

tato nová technologie s názvem <unk> zachycování a odlučování uhlíku <unk> může snížit emise oxidu uhličitého při výrobě energie o 80 % .
this new technology , called &quot; carbon capture and sequestration , &quot; can cut by 80 % the carbon dioxide emitted during the production of electricity .
this new technology , with the title of carbon capture and carbon leakage , can reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 80 % when producing energy .
this new technology with the name of carbon capture and carbon leakage can reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 80 % in the production of energy .

konvenční vojenské modely jsou uzpůsobeny k tomu , aby usekávaly hlavu něčemu , co v tomto případě žádnou hlavu nemá .
conventional military models are geared to decapitate something that , in this case , has no head .
conventional military models are caused to kill a head of something that does not have any head in this case .
conventional military models are due to the head of something that has no head in this case .

jedním z důsledků takového cynického přístupu k politickým ideologiím jsou ony prudké výkyvy voličských preferencí v zemích východní a střední evropy .
one consequence of this cynical treatment of political ideologies is the wild swings in voters &apos; preferences seen in various central european countries .
one of the consequences of such a cynical approach to political ideology is the sharp achievements of voters in eastern and central europe .
one of the consequences of such a cynical approach to political ideology is the sharp output of voters in the countries of eastern and central europe .

zastánci deficitního hospodaření často deficity vykreslují jako nezbytný prostředek k posílení ekonomiky v době , kdy důvěra v ní vyprchává .
those who advocate running deficits often portray them as necessary to fix an economy in which confidence is draining away .
the supporters of the deficit management often serve as a necessary means of strengthening the economy at a time when confidence in it is fleeing .
the supporters of the deficit management are often used by deficits as a necessary means to strengthen the economy at a time when confidence is fleeing in it .

křesťanskodemokratické strany , spojené s katolickou církví , a liberálové jsou do jisté míry vytlačováni na okraj .
christian-democratic parties , associated with the catholic church , and the liberals have been to some extent marginalized .
the christian democratic party , linked to the catholic church , and the liberals are being pushed to some extent on the margins .
the christian democratic party , the thrust of catholic church , and the liberals are , to some extent , heated to the margins .

vstup halových obchodů do určitého společenství rovněž likviduje zavedené prodejce , kteří často traumaticky mění svou podobu .
and the entry of big-box stores into a community crushes long-established retailers , often traumatically transforming their character .
the entry of homeland into a certain community is also eliminated by sellers , who are often trampled by their form .
the entry of hurricanes into a certain community is also dismantled by the sale of the sale , who often have changed their form .

pokud nastane nějaké , , příště &quot; , pak si usa udělají úsudek podle toho , co bude v jejich nejlepším zájmu , bez ohledu na počínání osn .
if there is a next time , the us will make its judgments on what is in its best interests , regardless of what the un does .
if it happens , next time , then the us will do its sums according to what will be in their best interests , regardless of the un &apos;s admission .
if there is any , next time , then the us will grant a judgment according to what will be in their best interests , regardless of the un &apos;s presence .

právě proto by usa měly podpořit rozvoj společné evropské bezpečnostní a obranné politiky , jež je pouze převzetím části břemene , jak amerika po evropě už desítky let žádá .
this is why the us should encourage the development of a common european security and defense policy , which is merely the burden sharing that america has been pressing on europe for decades .
it is precisely for this reason that the us should support the development of a common european security and defence policy , which is only dominated by the burden of how america has been demanding for decades after europe .
this is precisely why the us should support the development of a common european security and defence policy , which is only dominated by part of the burden , as america has been demanding for decades for europe .

po chybách vedoucích téměř ke krachu si nyní amerika vede skvěle a poté , co se odrazila od svého dna nyní vykazuje velký ekonomický růst .
after failing to crash , america now looks set to pull out of its downturn and resume strong growth .
now , following the mistakes made by the leaders , the americans are now doing a great deal , and after the great economic growth has been reflected from their dna .
after the mistakes of the heads of leadership , america is now having a great deal and , after it has been reflected in its drought , it is now showing great economic growth .

tato i další města od té doby zaznamenávají poměrně velký rozmach ; reálné ceny domů ve většině z nich vzrostly od roku 2000 nejméně o 50 % .
these and other cities have been booming pretty much ever since ; prices in most are up at least 50 % in real terms since 2000 .
these other towns and cities have seen quite a great deal since then ; the real prices of houses in most of them have risen by at least 50 % since 2000 .
these and other towns have seen a relatively large scale since then ; the real prices of houses in most of them have risen by at least 50 % since 2000 .

podle mnohých pozorovatelů by se tak amerika rozhodla neuznat strukturu kontroly jaderných zbraní , jež byla vybudována v posledním stadiu studené války .
in the eyes of many , that would amount to america opting out of the structure of nuclear arms control built in the latter part of the cold war .
according to many observers , the american would have decided not to recognise the structure of nuclear weapons , which was built at the last stage of the cold war .
according to many observers , the american would have decided not to establish a structure of control of nuclear weapons , which was built at the last stage of the cold war .

při správném politickém vedení ( jehož je bohužel očividný nedostatek ) mohou současné mírnějsí problémy představovat příležitost k veřejné diskusi o lepsích způsobech mezigeneračního sdílení rizik .
with proper leadership ( which unfortunately seems in short supply ) , today &apos;s milder hardships could provide an opportunity for public discussion of better ways of intergenerational risk sharing .
in the right political leadership ( which , unfortunately , is a apparent lack ) , the current moderate problems may represent an opportunity for public debate on the better ways of intergenerational risk sharing .
in the right political leadership ( which is , unfortunately , a clear lack ) , the current mirror problems can represent an opportunity to debate the public debate on the better causes of intergenerational risk sharing .

některé nedemokratické systémy probouzejí větší podporu , protože jsou založené na náboženské či národnostní solidaritě společenství a protože uzavřené společnosti potlačují pochyby , změny postojů i kritiku .
some non-democratic systems seem to evoke deeper support , because they are based on religious or national communal solidarity , and because closed societies minimize doubt , drift , and criticism .
some undemocratic systems will receive greater support because they are based on religious or national solidarity of the community , and because closed companies suppress doubts , changes in positions and criticisms .
some undemocratic systems are proving greater support , because they are based on religious or national solidarity , and because closed companies suppress doubts , changes to positions and criticism .

sílící opozice vůči syrské hegemonii v libanonu je jen jedním ze čtyř souvisejících problémů , jimž sýrie čelí a jimž se dosud nedostatečně věnovala .
growing opposition to syrian hegemony in lebanon is but one of four related problems syria faces , all of which it has addressed inadequately .
the opposition &apos;s growing opposition to the syrian hegonia in lebanon is just one of the four related problems facing syria and which has so far been insufficient .
it is only one of the four related problems faced by syria and which have not yet been devoted to the syrian hegonism in lebanon in lebanon is just one of the four issues facing syria .

bushova vláda namítá , že vzhledem k ukončení období studené války by formální zaniknutí dohody z roku 1972 neznamenalo ztrátu nukleární stability .
the bush administration argues that , because the cold war is over , the formal disappearance of the abm treaty would not mean a loss of nuclear stability .
the bush government is arguing that , in view of the end of the cold war period , the formal kidnapping of the 1972 agreement would not mean a loss of zero stability .
the bush government has shown that , in view of the end of the cold war , the formal evolution of the 1972 agreement would not mean a loss of zero stability .

schůzce lídrů nejbohatších zemí světa ve francouzském evianu bude vévodit jedna nevyřčená otázka : co chce ve světě prosadit amerika ?
when the leaders of the world &apos;s richest nations gather in evian , france , one unasked question will dominate : what does america want in the world ?
the summit meeting of the world &apos;s richest countries in the french evict will be an unbalanced question : what does it want to promote in the world ?
the meeting of the leaders of the most rich countries of the world in the french evianu will be a unbalanced question : what does the americans want to push in the world ?

demokracie , naznačil o něco zlověstněji , mu prý umožní , , zlikvidovat &quot; - přesným významem toho slova se příliš nezaobíral - ty , kdo uvažují jinak .
democracy , he hinted more ominously , would enable him to &quot; eliminate &quot; --he did not dwell on the exact meaning of the word--those who did not .
democracy , has indicated something more forcefully , it will allow it , the &apos; - the precise importance of the words did not worry too much - those who think differently .
democracy , has indicated something more storm , it will allow it , to liquidity , to liquidity &apos; - the precise importance of this was not too worthwhile - those who think otherwise .

prezident spojených států již tři roky sleduje unilateralistickou agendu , ignoruje všechny důkazy , které jsou v rozporu s jeho stanovisky , a odsunuje stranou základní a odvěké americké principy .
for three years , america &apos;s president has pursued a unilateralist agenda , ignoring all evidence that contradicts his positions , and putting aside basic and longstanding american principles .
for three years , the united states president has been following the unilateral agenda , ignoring all the evidence that goes against his positions and condemns the party of the fundamental and committed american principles .
the president of the united states has been following the unilateral agenda for three years , ignoring all the evidence that are contrary to its positions and condemns the basic and diverse principles of the us .

max perutz , absolvent chemie z vídně , přijel do cambridge v roce 1935 , aby pracoval s bernalem jako postgraduální student .
max perutz , a chemistry graduate from vienna , arrived in cambridge in 1935 to work as a graduate student with bernal .
max max perutz , abkhazia chemical from vienna , came to cambridge in 1935 in order to work with bernaire as a post-senior student .
max perutz , abkhazia chemicals from vienna , came to cambodia in 1935 to work with berlin as a pole student .

k podobným úpravám pravděpodobně v následujících desetiletích chtě nechtě dojde , avsak stane se tak s velkým zpožděním a celý proces bude obsahovat mnoho nespravedlností .
such adjustments will probably happen anyway in the coming decades , but only after a long lag and with many inequities in the process .
similar adjustments will probably be left to you in the coming decades , avi will become such a great delay , and the whole process will contain a lot of injustice .
there will probably be a similar deal in the coming decades , avi will be doing so with great delay and the whole process will contain a lot of injustice .

obyvatelé západu nijak nespěchají s napodobováním bojovníků za svobodu , kteří vybudovali jejich svět , navzdory oslavám , památníkům a přetrvávání útlaku .
western citizens do not rush to emulate the freedom fighters who built their world , despite celebrations , memorials , and the persistence of oppression .
the people of the west are in no way failing to cope with the form of fighters for freedom , who have built their world , despite celebration , smugglers and oppression .
the people of the western people do not fail to do with the form of fighting for freedom who have built their world , despite celebration , the memories and continuing pressure .

to je důležité zejména pro indonésii , která musí splácet úroky z dluhu ve výši 132 miliard usd ( přičemž 70 miliard usd dluží veřejným věřitelům nebo na ně poskytly záruky vládní úřady ) .
this is especially important for indonesia , which must service a debt of $ 132 billion ( of which $ 70 billion is owed to public creditors or guaranteed by government agencies ) .
this is particularly important for indonesia , which has to pay off the debt of usd 132 billion ( with usd 70 billion owing to public creditworthiness or providing guarantees to the government authorities ) .
this is particularly important for indonesia , which must pay up to usd 132 billion for the debt of debt ( with usd 70 billion owing to public creditors or providing guarantees to the government authorities ) .

pro polský lid zůstane jan pavel ii . - tím , že učinil otázku lidských práv ústředním tématem svého učení - navždy člověkem , který nám dal odvahu a naději a jenž obnovil naši historickou identitu .
for the people of poland , john paul ii , by making human rights the central subject of his teaching , will forever be the man who gave us courage and hope , who restored our historical identity .
for the polish people , jan paul ii will remain : by raising the issue of human rights at the heart of its learning - always a man who has given us the courage and hope that has restored our historical identity .
for the polish people , jan paul ii will remain - by making the issue of human rights at the centre of their learning - always a man who gave us the courage and hope and a renewed sense of our historical identity .

během své nedávné návštěvy v africe prohlásil jeden význačný vědecký pracovník v oboru zemědělství , že v dnešním světě má vědec blíže k zemědělci než kdykoliv předtím a současně dále k politikům než kdykoliv předtím .
on a recent visit to africa , a senior agricultural scientist said that in today &apos;s world , the scientist is closer than ever before to the farmer , but farther away than ever from the policymakers .
during its recent visit to africa , one important scientific worker in the field of agriculture has stated that in today &apos;s world , there is scientific closer to farmers than ever before and , at the same time , to politicians than ever before .
during its recent visit to africa , one significant scientific worker in agriculture has stated that , in today &apos;s world , a scientific c is closer to farmers than ever before and , at the same time , to politicians than ever before .

odhadujeme , že kdyby byl určitý podíl z této částky vyčleněn na domácí investice do silnic , škol a výzkumu , byla by americká ekonomika krátkodobě stimulována více a dlouhodobě by zaznamenala vyšší růst .
we estimate that if a proportion of that money had been allocated to domestic investment in roads , schools , and research , the american economy would have been stimulated more in the short run , and its growth would have been enhanced in the long run .
we estimate that if a certain proportion of this amount was earmarked for domestic investment in roads , schools and research , the american economy would be stimulated in the short term and would have seen more growth in the long term .
we estimate that if a certain proportion of this amount was allocated to domestic investment in roads , schools and research , the american economy would be stimulated more in the short term and it would have seen greater growth in the long term .

vzhledem k faktu , že se ho bezpočet soukromých zájmových skupin snaží rozředit tak , aby ztratil jakýkoliv význam , bude bitva o něj v roce 2006 představovat nedílnou součást agendy eu .
now , with countless private interest groups trying to water it down into irrelevance , the battle will be firmly on the eu &apos;s agenda in 2006 .
in view of the fact that the number of private interest groups is trying to disrupt it in such a way as to lose any significance , the battle will represent an integral part of the eu agenda in 2006 .
in view of the fact that the number of private interest groups is attempting to disappear any importance , the battle will be an integral part of the eu agenda in 2006 .

to je důvod , proč je sýrie jen zřídka brána vážně , když popírá úlohu záškodníka v iráku , a proč asad nezískal americkou podporu pro obnovená jednání s izraelem o golanských výšinách .
that is why syria &apos;s denials that it is playing a spoiler role in iraq are rarely taken seriously , and why assad has not gained american support for renewed negotiations with israel over the golan heights .
that is why syria is only rarely defended when it denies the role of the assassination in iraq , and why assassinations have not given us support for renewed negotiations with israel on golanker interpreters .
this is the reason why syria is being rarely taken seriously when it denies the role of the damage in iraq , and why the assassination has not received american support for the renewed negotiations with israel on golange .

člověk se tak nemůže ubránit otázce : existovaly alternativní způsoby , jak utratit zlomek z válečných nákladů ve výši jednoho až dvou bilionů dolarů a zajistit jeho prostřednictvím posílení a zdokonalení bezpečnosti , zvýšení prosperity a podporu demokracie ?
one cannot help but wonder : were there alternative ways of spending a fraction of the war &apos;s $ 1- $ 2 trillion in costs that would have better strengthened security , boosted prosperity , and promoted democracy ?
one cannot therefore defend the question : have there been alternative ways to spend a breakdown of war costs of one to two trydollars and to ensure that it is strengthened and improved security , increasing prosperity and promoting democracy ?
one cannot therefore defend the question : have there been alternative ways to spend the breakdown of the war costs of one to two triners and to ensure that , through strengthening and improving security , increase prosperity and promoting democracy ?

někdo kdysi správně poznamenal , že je snadné bombardovat , ale mnohem těžší budovat ; je poměrně snadné porazit režim vojenskou cestou , ale daleko obtížnější je dosadit na jeho místo pevnou a udržitelnou občanskou společnost .
someone once rightly said that it is easy to bomb , but much harder to build ; it is relatively easy to defeat a regime militarily , but it is far more difficult to create a solid , sustainable , civil society in its place .
someone once rightly pointed out that it is easy to bomb , but it is much more difficult to build ; it is relatively easy to freeze the military path , but it is far more difficult to build on its place and a sustainable civil society .
someone was right to note that it is easy to bomb , but much more difficult to build ; it is quite easy to come up with a military regime , but it is far more difficult to put them on its place on a solid and sustainable civil society .

přitom zjišťujeme , že sdělovací prostředky nejenže nedokážou mylné názory odfiltrovat , ale mnohdy je dokonce upřednostňují , zvláště když je pravda příliš komplikovaná , než aby se dala úhledně zabalit .
we find that the media not only fail to weed out bad ideas , but that they often favor bad ideas , especially when the truth is too messy to be packaged neatly .
at the same time , we find that the media will not only be unable to depart of the mysterious views , but often they prefer them , especially when it is too complicated than to make sure that they are trampled .
at the same time , we find that the media are not only unable to filter the wrong views , but are even preferable , especially when it is too complicated than to give them a search for action .

právníci ve washingtonu naznačují , že střídmé přípravy pro vybudování raketových a radarových stanovišť neporušují dohodu o protibalistických střelách a že tedy usa nemusí smlouvu vypovídat .
legal experts in washington suggest that modest preparations for building missile and radar sites do not violate the abm-treaty and so do not yet require a us notice to quit .
the lawyers in washington indicate that the rolling stock for building rockets and radaids do not violate the anti-missile conflict agreement and that the us does not therefore have to shut down the treaty .
in washington , lawyers in washington indicate that the cornerstone of preparation for the construction of rockets and radams do not violate the agreement on anti-labour clashes and that , therefore , the us does not have to spend the treaty .

zdálo se , že trichet vyzývá k preventivnímu přístupu , když řekl : <unk> nesmíme připustit , aby se projevily sekundární důsledky . <unk> vůbec poprvé byl prezident ecb ochoten veřejně přiznat , že rada guvernérů na schůzce diskutovala o výhodách a nevýhodách zvýšení sazeb .
trichet appeared to be calling for a pre-emptive approach when he said , &quot; we must not allow second-round effects to materialize . &quot; for the first time , the ecb president was willing to admit publicly that the governing council had discussed the pros and cons of a rate hike at the meeting .
it seemed that trichet called for a preventive approach when he said : we must not allow the secondary consequences to be shown : for the first time , the president of the ecb was prepared to publicly admit that the council , at the meeting , discussed the advantages and disadvantages of an increase in rates .
it seemed that trichet calls for a preventive approach when he said : we must not allow the secondary consequences to be shown ; for the first time , the president of the ecb was prepared publicly to admit that the guests council discussed the advantages and disadvantages of increasing rates at the meeting .

a stejně jako strach z terorismu a podezíravost vůči cenným papírům se velmi pružně jeví také zeměpisná proslulost , která se možná dokonce sama od sebe prohlubuje : čím slavnější jsou new york , paříž a londýn , tím větší mají půvab .
as with fear of terrorism and suspicion of equities , geographical celebrity appears resilient , if not self-reinforcing : the more famous new york , paris , and london get , the more glamorous they become .
as well as fear of terrorism and suspicion against price securities , geographical merits , perhaps even deepening itself : the weakness of the new york , paris and london , the greater the yield .
as well as the fear of terrorism and suspicion from terrorism and suspicion to valuable paper , it also seems very flexible to be geographical location , which may even be deeper from itself : the external celebration of new new york , paris , paris and london , the more land .

studie naznačují , že přístup wal-martu k pracovní síle , byť zcela v souladu se zákonem , využívá mezer v předpisech , které například dávají možnost vyhnout se břemeni zdravotních odvodů za mnohé zaměstnance ( wal-mart poskytuje zdravotní krytí méně než polovině pracujících ) .
while completely legal , studies suggest that wal-mart &apos;s labor policies exploit regulatory loopholes that , for example , allow it to sidestep the burden of healthcare costs for many workers ( wal-mart provides healthcare coverage to less than half its workers ) .
in accordance with the law , the study suggests that the approach of wal-mar-marty to the workforce , albeit completely in accordance with the law , uses loopholes in the regulations that give , for example , the opportunity to avoid the burden of health waters for many employees ( wal-wal-mart mart provides for less than half of workers ) .
studies indicate that the approach of wal-mar-mar-markov , albeit completely in line with the law , uses the loopholes in legislation , for example , to avoid the burden of health care for many employees ( wal-mar-mart mart , provides health cover less than half of workers ) .

jan pavel ii. proto není zapáleným obhájcem moderní západní civilizace se svým odtržením se od světa hodnot a staví ji do protikladu k mravní citlivosti společností s čerstvými vzpomínkami na desetiletí trvající diktaturu .
so john paul ii is no enthusiast of modern western civilization , with its divorce from the world of values , and he contrasts with it the moral sensitivity of societies with fresh memories of decades of dictatorship .
it is therefore not a backward advocate of modern western civilisation with its departure from the world of values , and it puts it in a contradictory manner to the frozen sensitivity of companies with fresh memories for decades of dictatorship .
that is why it is not a backward defender of modern western civilisation , with its insistence from the world of values and puts it into an anti-grassroots sensitivity of companies with fresh memories in the decade of the dictatorship .

spojené státy bohužel vyvinuly vlastní úsilí , široce vnímané jako další pokus o podrývání multilateralismu , a pokoušely se vést <unk> hlavní skupinu <unk> , která by program pomoci řídila , přičemž ignorovaly snahy probíhající v regionu a v osn .
unfortunately , in an effort that was widely seen as another attempt to undermine multilateralism , the us tried to lead a &quot; core group &quot; driving the assistance program , ignoring ongoing efforts within the region and at the un .
unfortunately , the united states has made its own efforts , widely perceived as a further attempt to undermine multilateralism , and tried to lead the main group , which would have followed the aid programme , ignoring the ongoing efforts in the region and the un .
unfortunately , unfortunately , the united states has made its own efforts to make its own efforts , a great year of perceived as an attempt to undermine multilateralism , and tried to lead to a major group that would support the programme , ignoring the efforts carried out in the region and the un .

od voleb , jimiž se k moci v rakousku dostala koalice stran wolfganga schüssela a jörga haidera , vztahy rakouska s českou republikou upadají . příčinou jsou dva požadavky rakouské strany : aby česko uzavřelo temelínskou jadernou elektrárnu u rakouských hranic a aby zrušilo benešovy dekrety , podle kterých byli z území tehdejšího československa deportováni sudetští němci , kteří se pak usadili v bavorsku a v rakousku .
since the election that brought the coalition of wolfgang schüssel &apos;s and jorg haider &apos;s parties to power in vienna , austria &apos;s relations with the <<unk>> boring czech republic have deteriorated over two issues : a demand that the czechs shutdown the temelin nuclear power plant on the austrian border , and revoke the benes decrees in which sudeten germans were deported from czechoslovakia and settled massively in bavaria but also in austria .
since the elections in austria reached the coalition of wolfgang schüsseg and jörd hashire , relations with the czech republic are being denied : two requirements of the austrian party : in order to close the metemetemea nuclear power plant in austria and to abolish the beneš decree , according to which the czechos cheshiri designate designate designate designate designate designate designate designated the germans of the austrian authorities , who were then settled in the bail in austria and in austria .
from the elections to power in austria , the coalition of wolfgg schüssel and jörg hahasher , austria &apos;s relations with the czech republic are the cause of two requests from the austrian party : to close the temethane nuclear power plant in austria and to abolish the despection of the degrad from the territory of the czech republic , with the czech republic , the cause of mali germans , who have then been deported in bahrawa in bavaria in bavaria .

to se později změnilo na dvojstupňový systém měnového kurzu , který zavedl částečnou směnitelnost rupie - 60 % výnosů z vývozu bylo možné směnit podle bankovní diskontní sazby a zbytek podle pevné sazby rbi ( využívané vládou k financování významných dovozů , například ropy , jedlých olejů , průmyslových hnojiv a životně důležitých léků ) .
this was subsequently replaced with a two-tier exchange-rate system making the rupee partially convertible--60 % of export earnings could be converted at the market exchange rate , and the rest at the rbi &apos;s fixed rate ( used by the government to finance essential imports like petroleum , cooking oil , fertilizers , and life-saving drugs ) .
at a later date , the double system of monetary kurdish , which led the partial rigour of pirates - 60 % of exports could be channelled according to the banking rate and the remaining firm rates ( the government used to finance major imports , oil-oil , olive oil , olive oil and oilfeeding , for example ) , and the major bands of oil , oil and oil , oiltras , oilov , for example ) .
this has later changed the bilateral monetary exchange system , which led to the partial rigour of pirates - 60 % of the exports of exports to be directed according to the banking disorders and the remaining suspicious rates of oil , such as the significant importers of oil imports , the oil exchange system , the suspicion of extinction - of 60 % of exports from the export of exports could be directed according to the banking disorders and the suspicion rate rate rates , for example , the high levels of oil , oil imports , sections , sections ) ,

ve zprávě za rok 2003 odhadují členové správní rady fondu us social security <unk> , že udržení solventnosti systému sociálního zabezpečení v přístích 75 letech si vyžádá částku , jejíž současná hodnota činí 3,5 bilionů dolarů , což se téměř rovná celkové výsi dnesního státního dluhu usa ( 3,9 bilionů ) .
in their 2003 report , the trustees of the us social security administration trust funds estimate that maintaining the social security system &apos;s solvency for the next 75 years will require an amount whose present value is $ 3.5 trillion , nearly equal to today &apos;s total us government debt ( $ 3.9 trillion ) .
in the 2003 report , members of the board of the board of the board of the board of the governing fund estimate that the current eur 3-75 triloic value of 3.5 dollars is required in the 2003 report , estimated by members of the board of the board of the board of the board of the governing fund to be established , that the preservation of the social security system in order to sustain the current eur 375 years , the value of 3.5 tryside of which has reached the value of the ceasefire of the us .
in the 2003 report , members of the council of the administrative fund estimate that maintaining the social security system in 75 years &apos; social security system , which calls for a sum of 3.5 years , almost 3nondra in the report in 2003 , in the 2003 report , the members of the council of the administrative fund estimate that the retention of the increased distribution of the social security system in the system of social security in the ter of 75 years , which calls for a total amount of 3.9 % of which , almost 3.9 % of the sovereign debt .

rozvíjející se země se obávají regulace kapitálu , která by měla zabraňovat finančním krizím , neboť ji vnímají jako překážku při vábení finančních zdrojů potřebných pro industrializaci a jako potenciální zdroj korupce , kdy finanční toky jakýmsi způsobem procházejí rukama synovce manželky náměstka ministra financí .
in developing countries , capital controls to prevent financial crises are feared as obstacles to attracting the finance necessary for industrialization , and as potential sources of corruption as financial flows somehow pass through the hands of the vice minister of finance &apos;s nephew-in-law .
the emerging countries are dealing with the regulation of capital , which should prevent financial crises as an obstacle to the industrialisation of financial resources and as a potential source of corruption , in a way that runs out of the developing countries with emerging countries , with the regulation of capital , which should prevent the financial crisis , as they perceive it as an obstacle to the resources required for the industrialisation of the resources and the potential financing of the funds as a potential source of financial corruption , when the financial havoyers come from being a source of financing where they are ruin a way through the ruin a way of the ruin which the financial habbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb .
as a result , the emerging country of capital regulation , which should prevent the financial crisis , as it is an obstacle to financial resources and potential financial corruption as a potential source of corruption , in a way that the russians are developing countries with the regulation of capital , which should prevent the financial crisis , because it is an obstacle to financial crisis , as an obstacle to financial crisis in the necessary financial resources and potential for financial corruption , where the potential source of corruption and a potential source of financial corruption , where the russians are ruled by the russian bank .

