nejsnazší bude ověřit první tvrzení .
the first claim should be the easiest to verify .
it will be the best to verify the first claim .
the first claim will be to verify the first claims .

evropa jen dál šlape vodu .
europe , however , is treading water .
europe is only continuing to sham water .
europe only continues to shut down water .

důkazy spadají do dvou kategorií .
the evidence falls into two categories .
evidence falls within two categories .
evidence falls within two categories .

to je mnohem těžší !
this is far more difficult !
it is much more difficult !
this is much more difficult !

nesmysl .
nonsense .
it makes no sense .
it does not make sense .

její zrušení by mělo dopad na všechny ostatní dohody o kontrole zbraní .
its disappearance would affect all other arms control agreements .
its abolition would have an impact on all other arms control agreements .
its abolition would have an impact on all other agreements on arms control .

ano , do jisté míry platí , že taková je cena pokroku .
yes , to some extent , such is the price of progress .
yes , to some extent , it is true that this is the price of progress .
yes , to a certain extent , it is true that this is the price of progress .

jak se zdá , nic nejde tak , jak by mělo .
nothing , it seems , is going right .
it seems nothing , as it seems , is not as it should be .
as it seems , nothing seems to be as it should .

dnes se situace změnila ve třech významných ohledech .
today , the situation has changed in three important respects .
today , the situation has changed in three important respects .
today , the situation has changed in three important respects .

pochopitelně , měnová politika také ovlivňuje přerozdělování .
of course , monetary policy also has redistributive effects .
of course , monetary policy also affects redistribution .
of course , monetary policy also affects redistribution .

přijít na to , co v té které zemi funguje , si žádá experimentování .
discovering what works in any one country requires experimentation .
to come up with what is going on in the country , it is asking for experimentation .
to come up with what is working in the country , it calls for experimentation .

rok 2005 byl pro evropu v mnoha ohledech annus horibilis .
in many ways , 2005 has been europe &apos;s annus horibilis .
2005 was for europe in many respects , annus trilogue .
2005 was a year for europe in many respects , annus border for europe .

ať je tomu jakkoliv , americká politika nebyla založena na důkazech .
whatever the case , american policy was not based on evidence .
whatever is the case , the american policy has not been based on evidence .
whatever happens , the american policy has not been based on pensions .

také vlády promptně přispěly svou troškou do mlýna .
governments promptly obliged with more of the same .
governments have also made a remarkable contribution to their troika in silence .
governments have also made a strong contribution to their little in silence .

staří stratégové studené války jsou zklamáni .
all this comes as a disappointment to old cold war strategists .
the centuries of the same cold war are disappointed .
the stagnation of the same cold war are disappointing .

stalo se přání otcem myšlenky , anebo šlo o sebenaplňující se proroctví ?
was this wishful thinking or self-fulfilling prophecy ?
has it become the wish of father &apos;s idea , or has it been a seven-year exercise ?
has it become the wish of the idea of the idea of ideas , or was it a seasonal of profiling ?

nepřímá kritika současnosti bývá obvykle klíčovým aspektem idealizovaného pohledu na minulost .
indirect criticism of the present is usually a key element in idealized views of the past .
the indirect criticism is currently usually a key aspect of the ideal perspective on the past .
at the moment , the criticism is usually a key aspect of the idealised perspective on the past .

řádná a vyčerpávající dokumentace škodlivých účinků léčiv je nesnadná .
proper and complete documentation of harmful drug effects is difficult .
proper and exhaustive documentation of harmful effects of medicines is indisputable .
proper and exhaustive documentation of harmful effects of medicines is insurmountable .

ve stále větší míře svoboda vyjadřování nemá vliv na chování vlád a ani je neomezuje .
increasingly , free expression of opinion does not influence or restrain how government behaves .
the freedom of expression does not have an impact on the behaviour of governments , nor is it limited .
more and more freedom of expression has no influence on the behaviour of governments , nor does it restrict them .

a na blízkém východě a v severní africe je zhruba čtvrtina všech mladých lidí bez zaměstnání .
and , in the middle east and north africa region , about a quarter of all young people are unemployed .
in the middle east and in north africa , around a quarter of all young people are unemployed without employment .
in the middle east and in north africa , around a quarter of all young people without employment are a quarter of the middle east .

vstup turecka do unie by dal pádnou odpověď , již by bylo obzvlášť zřetelně slyšet v islámském světě .
turkey &apos;s accession to the union would give a powerful answer , one that would be heard with particular clarity in the islamic world .
turkey &apos;s accession to the union would have given a real response , which would have been particularly clear in the islamic world .
turkey &apos;s accession to the union would give a strong response , which would be particularly clear in the islamic world .

není snad pravděpodobné , že by si raději přečetli názor experta s vyšší dosavadní úspěšností ?
wouldn &apos;t they be more likely to read pundits with better track records ?
is it not likely that it would prefer to read the opinion of experts with a higher success so far ?
is it not likely that they would prefer to read the opinion of the experts with greater success to date ?

chce být součástí politické evropy , ale pouze budou-li ostatní členské státy následovat britský model hospodářské a sociální reformy .
he wants to be a part of a political europe ; but only if the other member states follow britain &apos;s model of economic and social reform .
it wants to be part of a political europe , but only if other member states follow the british model of economic and social reform .
it wants to be part of a political europe , but only if other member states follow the british model of economic and social reforms .

někteří v něm spatřují obhájce chudých , jiní kritika liberální teologie .
some see a defender of the poor , others a critic of liberation theology .
some see the defenders of poor poor , others criticise the liberal theology .
some of them see the defenders of poor , others criticise the liberal theory .

někteří evropstí ministři financí stále vnímají pakt stability jako , , základní kámen<unk> <unk> emu .
some eu finance ministers still view the stability pact as the <<unk>> <<unk>> cornerstone &apos; &apos; of emu .
some european finance ministers are still perceiving the stability pact , such as , the basic reporting process .
some european finance ministers still perceive the stability pact , such as , the fundamental pledge of the venture .

veřejnost žádá rychlé odpovědi na složité problémy , které by mohly ohrozit planetu , pokud by zůstaly neřešeny .
the public demands quick answers to complex problems that , unsolved , risk endangering the planet .
the public is asking for rapid answers to complex problems that could jeopardise the planet if they remain unresolved .
the public is asking for rapid answers to the complex problems that could jeopardise the planet if they remain unresolved .

metoda pokusu a omylu v sobě zahrnuje i možnost chybovat , než se o něco pokusíme znovu .
trial and error implies the opportunity to err before we try again .
the method of fines and omission in each other also includes the possibility of error than we are trying to do something again .
the method of fines and omission in each other includes the possibility of error before we try again .

snížení daní a zvýsení výdajů zajisté zvětsuje rozpočtový deficit , ovsem zdravým a užitečným způsobem .
the fall in taxes and the rise in spending do widen the budget deficit , but in a healthy and useful way .
a reduction in taxes and an increase in expenditure certainly is a budgetary deficit , a healthy and useful way .
the reduction of taxes and the increase in expenditure will certainly increase the budget deficit , a healthy and useful way .

na rozdíl od oficiálního státního dluhu nejsou navíc závazky plynoucí ze sociálního zabezpečení fixovány na měnu .
moreover , unlike official national debt , social-welfare obligations are not fixed in currency .
in addition , unlike official sovereign debt , the commitments arising from social security are not fixed on currency .
in addition , unlike official sovereign debt , the commitments made by social security fixes are not based on currency .

v důsledku toho nemusí být věhlas v přímé , ale naopak v nepřímé úměře k dlouhodobé přesnosti .
as a result , fame could be negatively , not positively , correlated with long-run accuracy .
as a result , they do not have to be age in direct but , on the contrary , in an indirect currency to long-term accuracy .
as a result , it does not have to be a voice in direct but , on the contrary , in an indirect currency to long-term accuracy .

růst peněžní zásoby už jistou dobu zřetelně přesahuje cílové úrovně , což naznačuje přebytečnou likviditu .
money-supply growth has been well above target levels for some time now , indicating excess liquidity .
the growth of the money supply has been clearly exceeded by the target level for some time , which indicates surplus liquidity .
the growth of money stocks has been clearly beyond the target level for some time , which indicates surplus liquidity .

náš odhad přitom nezahrnuje žádné náklady spojené s enormními ztrátami na životech a majetku přímo v samotném iráku .
and our estimate does not include any of the costs implied by the enormous loss of life and property in iraq itself .
our estimate does not include any costs associated with huge loss of life and property directly in iraq itself .
at the same time , our estimate does not include any costs associated with enormous loss of life and property directly in iraq itself .

nejhlubším problémem je neschopnost evropy růst rychlejším než hlemýždím tempem a poskytnout svým občanům pracovní místa .
the deepest problem is europe &apos;s inability to grow at more than a snail &apos;s pace and to provide jobs to its citizens .
the deepest problem is the inability of europe to grow faster than the myths of the dark and to provide its citizens with jobs .
the deepest problem is europe &apos;s inability to grow faster than the fault rate and to provide its citizens with jobs .

vlády mají obavy , ne však pro to , čeho je amerika schopna , nýbrž pro její skutečné či iluzorní plány .
governments are worried now , not because of capabilities , but because of america &apos;s real or imagined intentions .
governments are concerned , but not for what america is capable of , but for its real or ill-known plans .
governments are concerned , but not for what the american is capable , but for its real or irresponsible plans .

jejich formulace jemně pozměňovaly blixovy výroky , aby vyhovovaly americkým válečným argumentům .
the paraphrasing would subtly change blix &apos;s comments to suit america &apos;s case for war .
their formulation of a title to the rhetoric of a product in order to comply with the american war arguments .
their formulations have been amended in order to comply with the american war arguments .

někteří lidé doufají , že odklad rozdmýchá násilí v kosovu a dále podnítí západ , aby nezávislost znovu zvážil .
some hope that postponement will stimulate violence in kosovo and further encourage western reconsideration of independence .
some people hope that the postponement of the myth of violence in kosovo and further encourage the west to consider independence again .
some people hope that the postponement of the wrong violence in kosovo and further encourage the west to reconsider independence .

některé druhy důvěry lze přitom založit spíše na umělé představě typu <unk> nás nedostanou <unk> než na reálných hodnotách a přímé zkušenosti .
some kinds of trust can be based on an artificial notion of &quot; not us &quot; rather than on real values and direct experience .
some types of trust can be based on an artificial idea of a kind of performing us will not be represented than on real values and direct experience .
at the same time , some types of confidence can be based on an artificial vision of a whole type of subscrippling to us than on real values and direct experience .

jejich rentrée je ( na obou stranách atlantiku ) poznamenáno také návratem obav o formu financování vážné hudby .
this rentrée is also marked ( on both sides of the atlantic ) by the return of worries about how classical music is financed .
their rhetoric is ( on both sides of the atlantic ) , too , marked by the feelings of concern about the form of financing of serious music .
their rhetoric is ( on both sides of the atlantic ) , it is also marked by a rationale of concern about the form of financing of serious music .

poté se bez výjimky jako jeden muž rozhodli , že by jejich ekonomiky měly strpět jestě víc téhož , ne-li horsího .
then , to a minister , without exception , they all but decided that their economies should suffer more of the same , if not worse .
after that , without exception , one man chooses that their economies should spend five times more if they do not become worse .
then , without exception , one man has decided that their economies should spend more of the same , if not worse .

je zřejmé , že v boji proti komunismu byla polská církev skutečně konzervativní - a díkybohu za to !
to be sure , in the struggle against communism , the polish church was , indeed , conservative--and thank god for that !
it is clear that , in the fight against communism , the polish church has been truly conservative - and the girl of god for that !
it is clear that in the fight against communism , polish church was really conservative - and girls for this !

· pacienti musí být lépe informováni o rizicích léků na předpis a je třeba je více angažovat v detekci potíží a jejich nahlašování .
· patients need to be better informed about the risks of prescription drugs and more involved in detection and reporting .
a patient must be better informed about the risks of prescription-only medicines , and more involvement is needed in the scandal and their hunger .
after all , patients must be better informed about the risks of prescription , and more must be involved in the scandals and their hunger .

a kabinet zároveň i nadále <unk> neúspěšně <unk> usiluje o odstranění ahtisaariho , aby tím vídeňské rozhovory protáhl .
and they continue to push &amp; <<unk>> 45 ; &amp; <<unk>> 45 ; unsuccessfully &amp; <<unk>> 45 ; &amp; <<unk>> 45 ; for ahtisaari &apos;s removal in order to prolong the vienna talks .
at the same time , cabinet and cabinet continue to remain unsuccessful in the process of eliminating ahtisaari in order to lift the vienna talks .
at the same time , cabinet and cabinet continue to be successful in the process of eliminating ahtisaari , so that the vienna talks are proclaimed .

ve velké části světa právě tyto hospodářské reformy skutečně podkopaly tempo růstu i progresivní roli vlády , zatímco jinak vyostřovaly celkovou nerovnost .
indeed , in much of the world , such economic reforms have actually undermined growth rates as well as the progressive role of government , while otherwise increasing overall inequalities .
indeed , in a large part of the world , these economic reforms have actually undermined the pace of growth and the progressive role of the government , while otherwise they have wiped out overall inequality .
in a large part of the world , these economic reforms have actually undermined the rate of growth and the progressive role of governments , while otherwise they have dramatised overall inequality .

kroky směřující k úplné převoditelnosti kapitálového účtu se prováděly zároveň s působivým růstem indických valutových rezerv .
the moves towards full capital-account convertibility have proceeded in step with impressive growth in india &apos;s foreign-currency reserves .
the steps towards the full transfer of capital accounts have also been taken with the impressive growth of indian oppressive marriage .
steps towards full transfer of capital accounts have been carried out at the same time with an impressive increase in the indian valley .

během posledních 25 let v evropě rostla nezaměstnanost , jelikož v boji proti inflaci byla zpřísněna měnová politika a zvýšeny úrokové míry .
over the past 25 years in europe , unemployment rose as monetary policy was tightened and interest rates were raised to fight inflation .
over the last 25 years , unemployment has risen in europe , since monetary policy has been tightened up in the fight against inflation and increased interest rates .
over the last 25 years , unemployment has risen in europe , because in the fight against inflation , monetary policy and increased interest rates have been tightened up .

bylo to přece přijetí racionální a tržně orientované hospodářské politiky , co někdejší komunistické země přivedlo na práh členství v eu .
it was , of course , the embrace of rational , market-driven economic policies by the former communist nations that has brought them to the brink of eu membership .
after all , it was the adoption of a rational and market-oriented economic policy , which led the former communist country to the threshold of eu membership .
it was , after all , the adoption of a rational and market-based economic policy , what the former communist country has brought to the threshold of eu membership .

lidé se tedy rozčilují nad něčím , co ve vzdálené budoucnosti <unk> pokud a jestli se tak stane <unk> může , ale nemusí mít kdovíjaký dopad .
so tempers are rising over something which , if and when it happens in the distant future , may or may not have much impact .
so people are wondering what they are doing in a remote future , if and if that happens , but they do not have the impact .
people are therefore being discovered by something that is remarkable in the revitalised future , if they are going to happen , but they may not have the impact they have .

bushova administrativa , byť sýrii formálně neobvinila , tak v podstatě učinila také , když odvolala svého velvyslance z damašku .
the bush administration , while not formally blaming syria , virtually did so and recalled its ambassador to damascus .
the bush administration , even though syria has not formally accused , has also done so in fact when he referred his ambassador from damascus .
in fact , the bush administration , although syria formally did not accuse it , has actually done so , when he referred to his ambassador from a departure .

nemůžeme také tvrdit , jak tomu bylo v minulosti , že pramenem našich hodnot je bůh , příroda , rozum či zákonitosti dějin .
nor can we claim , as we used to , that our values spring from god , nature , reason , or historical laws .
we cannot also claim , as has been the case in the past , that the threshold of our values is blessing , nature and nature , or the legality of history .
we cannot also argue , as was the case in the past , that the threshold of our values is blank , nature , or the legality of history .

zacelování dnešního rozštěpeného světa by mohlo začít jedině s novým politickým vedením v usa a v británii a s jasným přitakáním autoritě osn .
healing today &apos;s divided world could start only with fresh political leadership in both the us and uk , and a strong assertion of un authority .
only with the new political leadership in the us and britain , and with a clear attraction of the un authority could start today &apos;s fragmented world .
only with the new political leadership in the usa and in britain , and with a clear attraction of the un &apos;s authority , could start with the new political leadership of the us and the united nations .

když se ale dnes podíváme na potíže eurozóny , riziko vysokých dlouhodobých nominálních úrokových sazeb vůbec nefiguruje v první desítce obav investorů .
but if you look at the euro zone &apos;s economic problems today , the danger of high long-term nominal interest rates does not even rank among investors &apos; top ten concerns .
however , when we look at the difficulties of the euro area today , the risk of high long-term interest rates is not at all insulted at the first dozens of investors &apos; concerns .
however , when we look at the difficulties of the euro area today , the risk of high long-term nominal interest rates is not at all intended in the first dozens of investors &apos; concerns .

jestě důležitějsí ovsem je , že jakmile se sníží soukromé příjmy , rostou vládní výdaje na sociální péči , což vyvolá oživení poptávky , výstupu , investic a zaměstnanosti .
but , more importantly , when private incomes fall , government social-welfare expenditures rise , sparking a recovery in demand , output , investment , and employment .
it is important that , once private revenues have been reduced , government expenditure on social care is rising , which will give rise to the recovery of demand , exit , investment and employment .
the importance of the sheep is that , once private revenues are reduced , government expenditure on social care is rising , causing recovery of demand , concessions , investment and employment .

druhý paradoxně odráží náš stále cyničtější přístup k politice a politikům a třetí je výsledkem naší mediální kultury posedlé snahou dávat událostem <unk> lidskou tvář <unk> .
the second , paradoxically , reflects our growing cynicism towards politics and politicians . and the third is the result of our media culture , obsessed as it is with putting a &quot; face &quot; to events .
the second paradoxically reflects our increasingly cynical approach to politics and politicians , and the third is the result of our media culture , obstinating the events of the human face .
the second paradoxically reflects our increasingly cynical approach to policy and politicians , and the third is the result of our media culture , as a result of our media culture , to give the events of the human face .

to , jak celou věc zvládne , neovlivní pouze indický hospodářský vývoj , ale poskytne modelový příklad i číně , která výhledově o směnitelnosti uvažuje .
how it goes about this will not only effect india &apos;s economic development , but provide object lessons for china as it ponders convertibility in the years ahead .
it will not only affect indian economic development , but will provide a model example to china , which is looking for ridiculous rigour .
it will not only affect the indian economic development , but will provide a model example to china , which is thinking about the direction of rigour .

navzdory aids a opětovnému zesílení malárie a tuberkulózy se díky kvalitnějším soustavám veřejného zdravotnictví ve velké části světa prodloužila průměrná délka života .
despite aids and the resurgence of malaria and tuberculosis , life expectancy has increased in much of the world due to improved public health systems .
despite aids and the reintensification of malaria and tuberculosis , public health corrections in a large part of the world have extended the average life expectancy .
despite aids and the re-intensification of malaria and tuberculosis , thanks to better public health systems in a large part of the world , it has extended the average life expectancy .

to je dobré pro evropu , poněvadž to pomáhá zlepšit alokaci kapitálu a stimuluje růst přesunem německých úspor do odlehlých a dříve znevýhodněných oblastí eurozóny .
this is good for europe , because it helps improve the allocation of capital and stimulates growth by transporting german savings to the remote and previously disadvantaged regions of the euro zone .
this is good for europe , because it helps to improve the retail capital and stimulates the growth of the transfer of german savings to remote and previously disadvantaged areas of the euro area .
this is a good thing for europe , because it helps to improve the retail of capital and stimulates the growth of german savings in remote and previously disadvantaged areas of the euro area .

přitom ecb nemusí chodit tak daleko jako fed , který úrokové sazby zvyšuje po 25 bazických bodech už 12 po sobě jdoucích schůzek , a přitom to z jeho strany ještě není vše .
at the same time , the ecb does not need to go nearly as far as the fed , which has raised interest rates in increments of 25 basis points at 12 consecutive meetings , with still more to come .
at the same time , the ecb does not have to go as far as the phrase , which increases interest rates after 25 bavarian points , after 12 conferences , yet it is not all about it .
at the same time , the ecb does not have to go as far as a fed rate that increases interest rates for 25 basin points already 12 after 12 meetings , while it is not all about it .

letošní jednání ve vídni , které zprostředkovala organizace spojených národů , ukázalo , že k dohodnutému urovnání mezi srbskem a kosovem o <unk> konečném statusu <unk> nedojde .
negotiations this year in vienna , brokered by the united nations , showed that an agreed settlement between serbia and kosovo on &quot; final status &quot; will not happen .
this year &apos;s negotiations in vienna , which was mediated by the united nations , have shown that there will be no consultation on the agreed settlement between serbia and kosovo on the final status .
this year &apos;s negotiations in vienna , which was mediated by the united nations , have shown that the agreed settlement between serbia and kosovo has not been included in the final statute .

pokud ano , pak by si experti mohli zvyknout na zodpovědnost tím , že by projevovali větší pokoru , a politická debata by mohla začít znít méně hašteřivě .
if so , pundits might adapt to accountability by showing more humility , and political debate might begin to sound less shrill .
if so , then experts could be used to account for the fact that they would show greater humility , and the political debate could begin to get less heated .
if so , then the experts would be able to take advantage of the responsibility that they would show greater distortions , and the political debate could start to become less hazard .

v minulosti na systému eu z rozpočtového hlediska silně tratila právě británie ; zemědělství totiž představuje dvě třetiny veškerých výdajů eu a británie má malý zemědělský sektor , pročež dostávala nízké zemědělské dotace .
in the past , the big loser from the eu system , in budgetary terms , was the uk ; for while agriculture accounted for two thirds of all eu spending , the uk had a small farm sector , and therefore received small farm payments .
in the past , the eu system has been heavily trained by britain in terms of budgetary terms ; in fact , agriculture represents two thirds of all eu expenditure , and britain has a small agricultural sector that has received low agricultural subsidies .
in the past , in the eu system in terms of budgetary terms , britain has been heavily trained ; in fact , agriculture represents two thirds of all eu expenditure , and britain has a small agricultural sector that has received low agricultural subsidies .

útoky v madridu , londýně a na bali , stejně jako několik zmařených operací ve spojených státech a v británii byly vesměs charakterizovány roztroušenou organizací .
the madrid , london , and bali attacks , as well as several thwarted operations in the united states and britain , were all characterized by their dispersed organization .
the attacks in madrid , london and bali , as well as a number of confused operations in the united states and britain have been characterised by unbundling organisations .
the attacks in madrid , london and bali , as well as a few confused operations in the united states and in britain , have been characterised by the fragmentation of the organisation .

vzhledem k dlouhé realizační lhůtě mezi přípravou projektu a prvními přínosy snížení emisí mají tvůrci projektů na svou činnost jen několik let , než za současných okolností přestanou platby za uhlík smysluplně přispívat k financování projektů .
given the long lead time between project preparation and the first benefits of emissions reductions , project developers have only a few years to act before carbon payments cease to make a meaningful contribution to project finance in the current context .
given the long implementation period between the preparatory project and the first contribution to reducing emissions , the creative projects have only a few years to do than , in the current circumstances , the payment of carbon payments will make a meaningful contribution to financing projects .
in view of the long implementation period between the preparatory project and the first benefits of reducing emissions , only a few years ago , than in the current circumstances , payments will be fully contributing to financing projects .

politici <unk> třeba jacques chirac ve francii , silvio berlusconi v itálii a ecofin ( ministři financí členských států evropské unie ) <unk> nadále prosazují neměnné , ba nižší úrokové sazby .
politicians -- like jacques chirac in france , silvio berlusconi in italy , and ecofin ( the finance ministers of the european union &apos;s member states ) -- continue to press for fixed , even lower , interest rates .
politicians in jacques chirac in france , silvio berlusconi in italy and ecofin ( european union finance ministers ) continue to promote non-measurable , lower interest rates .
politicians need to be included in jacques chirac in france , silvio berlusconi in italy and ecofin ( ministers of the member states of the european union ) continue to promote non-measurable , lower interest rates .

bushova administrativa kdysi tvrdila , že válka v iráku bude mít příznivý dopad na ekonomiku , a jeden tiskový mluvčí dokonce naznačil , že je to nejlepší způsob , jak zajistit nízké ceny ropy .
the bush administration once claimed that the iraq war would be good for the economy , with one spokesperson even suggesting that it was the best way to ensure low oil prices .
the bush administration once said that the war in iraq would have a beneficial impact on the economy , and one press spokesman has even indicated that it is the best way to ensure low oil prices .
the bush administration once said that the war in iraq will have a positive impact on the economy , and one press spot has even indicated that it is the best way to ensure the low price of oil .

od roku 1991 indie přecházela od devalvace rupie k úplné směnitelnosti , když rezervní banka indie ( rbi ) uvolňovala celou škálu devizových regulačních mechanismů .
since 1991 india has been travelling on a path from rupee devaluation to full convertibility , with the reserve bank of india ( rbi ) relaxing a range of foreign-exchange controls .
since 1991 , india has survived from devaluation pie pie to complete ridiculous ridiculous , when the reserve bank of india ( rbi ) has released the whole range of devices of regulatory mechanisms .
since 1991 , india has moved from the devaluation of devaluation to total rigour , when the reserve bank ( rbi ) has released the whole range of video regulatory mechanisms .

ale jestliže se ti , kdo budovali poválečný mezinárodní měnový systém , snažili vymýtit nebezpečí vycházející z panikou způsobovaných mezinárodních finančních krizí , proč jsou tito finanční démoni opět mezi námi ?
but if those who built the post-world war ii international monetary system worked to guard against the dangers posed by panic-driven international financial crises , why are these financial devils back ?
however , if those who have built the post-war international monetary system tried to eradicate the dangers resulting from the panic caused by the international financial crisis , why are these financial démonies once again between us ?
however , if those who have built a post-war international monetary system have tried to eradicate the dangers arising from the panic of the international financial crisis , why are these financial démonies once again among us ?

tyto státy viděly , že jihoevropské země - největsí obavy vzbuzovala itálie a řecko - mají kvůli své očividné toleranci k inflaci tradičně vysoký poměr mezi zadlužením a hdp a relativně vysoké nominální úrokové sazby .
these countries saw that southern european countries--italy and greece were the biggest worries--traditionally had high debt-to-gdp ratios and relatively high nominal interest rates because of their perceived tolerance of inflation .
these countries have seen that the south of the european countries - the biggest concern has been raised by italy and greece - have obviously tolerated tolerance for inflation traditionally high levels of debt and gdp and relatively high interest rates .
these states have seen that the southern european countries - the biggest concerns are raised by italy and greece - have , due to their obvious tolerance to inflation , a high rate between debt and gdp and relatively high nominal interest rates .

sportovně užitkový vůz , který ujede ve městě patnáct kilometrů a spálí přitom jeden galon ( cca 4,5 litru ) benzinu , vypustí do atmosféry zhruba tři kilogramy uhlíku .
an suv going ten miles in the city and burning a gallon of gasoline pumps about three kilograms of carbon into the atmosphere .
a sporting will from the town of fifteen kilometres in the town of the town of fifteen kilometres , with one gallon ( cca 4.5 licculiu ) , will end up in the atmosphere of around three carbon killings .
at the same time , the sports will of a fifteen kilometres in the town of fifteen kilometres and , at the same time , one galon ( cca 4.5 library ) , will get around three carbon killings into the atmosphere .

tyto požadavky se dramaticky vystupňovaly po harírího smrti , když desítky tisíc spolustraníků bývalého premiéra , již dříve zůstávali ve věci sýrie neutrální , skandovali <unk> sýrie ven <unk> .
such demands escalated dramatically after hariri &apos;s death , as tens of thousands of the former prime minister &apos;s partisans , who previously sat on the fence when it came to syria , shouted &quot; syria out . &quot;
these requirements have been dramatically escalated following the harassment of the death penalty , when tens of thousands of co-prime minister of former prime minister , had already remained in syria neutral , scanned by syria .
these requirements have been dramatically exhausted after harshly death , when tens of thousands of former prime ministers have already remained in syria on syria , scandalous , scandals were shocked by syria .

migrénu : její ekonomika vykazuje nejhorší výsledky ze všech zemí eurolandu , rozšíření eu se jeví spíše hrozbou než positivní příležitostí , slabé euro vyvolává strach , brusel chce radikálně omezit příjemné státní dotace .
migraine : its economy has the worst performance in euroland , eu enlargement seems more threat than opportunity , the weak euro causes angst , brussels wants to slash its cushy state subsidies .
the gmir : its economy shows the worst results from all the countries of eurolangen , enlargement of the eu appears to be a threat rather than strengthening opportunities , the weak euro is causing fear , brussels wants to radically reduce the recipient state subsidies .
the eu &apos;s enlargement seems to be a threat rather than a strong opportunity , a weak euro , brussels wants to radically limit the grave state subsidies from its economy .

americká zkušenost však ukazuje , že přimět vedoucí umělce , jako jsou hudební ředitelé orchestrů , aby se účastnili shánění dotací , nemusí být pro uměleckou stránku této funkce špatné .
but us experience shows that getting artistic leaders like orchestra music directors to participate in fundraising need not be bad for the artistic side of the job .
however , the american experience shows , however , that it is the leader of the artists , such as the music directors of orchestrates , to take part in the disclosure of subsidies , that they may not be in favour of the artistic side of this bad function .
however , the american experience shows , however , that it shows that it is the leader of the artists , such as the music of orchester , in order to participate in disclosure of subsidies , it does not need to be an artificial side of this bad office .

toto téma nicméně znovu roznítilo dřívější diskusi o vojenském odstrašování , oboustranné jisté zkáze a kontrole jaderných zbraní a oživilo tradiční rivalitu mezi jadernými velmocemi , a to právě v okamžiku , kdy jaderné zbraně ztratily mnoho ze své závažnosti a aktuálnosti .
nevertheless , the issue rekindles old debates over deterrence , mutual assured destruction and nuclear arms control , and revives the rivalry between the nuclear powers just when nuclear weapons had lost much of their relevance .
however , this subject has once again broken up the earlier discussion on military elimination , mutual discipline and control of nuclear weapons , and has revived traditional rivalry between nuclear powers , just at a time when nuclear weapons have lost many of their seriousness and update .
however , this topic has redistributed the previous debate on military deterrence , the mutual destruction and control of nuclear weapons , and has revived traditional rivals between nuclear powers , precisely at a time when nuclear weapons lost many of their seriousness and update .

přívrženci výkonného umění v evropě poukazují na usa , kde se dnes mimo jiné i od hudebních ředitelů velkých orchestrů očekává , že se budou plně podílet na sponzorských aktivitách a angažovat se ve prospěch orchestrů v místní komunitě .
performing arts advocates in europe point to the us where , among other things , music directors of even major orchestras are now expected to fully participate in fundraising activities and be active in the local community on the orchestras behalf .
in europe , the enemies of the executive art show the us , where , among other things , the music director of large stories are expected to be fully involved in spontaneous activities and to engage in favour of orchestrates in local communities .
among other things , the exemplary outbreak in europe shows the us , where , among other things , the music of the large orchester , is expected to be fully involved in the spontaneous activities and engagement in favour of orchestralia in local communities .

znenadání byly zpět ohromně destruktivní krize plynoucí z davového chování : mexiko , thajsko , korea , brazílie a další připomínaly nejvíce americkou finanční paniku z roku 1873 nebo rakouskou krizi creditanstalt z roku 1931 .
all of a sudden tremendously destructive herd-driven financial crises were back : mexico , thailand , korea , brazil , and so on looked like nothing as much as the us financial panic of 1873 or the austrian creditanstalt crisis of 1931 .
the destructive crisis resulting from the illegal behaviour : mexico , thailand , korea , brazil , and others have reminded the most of the us financial panic of 1873 or the austrian crew crisis from 1931 .
i am back to the impasse of the destructive crisis from the behaviour of mexico : thailand , korea , brazil , brazil and others have reminded the most american financial panic panel of 1873 or the austrian economic crisis of creditation from 1931 .

formální uznání turecka za kandidátskou zemi v roce 1999 vedlo turecko k nevídanému reformnímu úsilí v oblasti lidských práv a práv menšin , včetně zrušení trestu smrti , pojistek proti mučení , podpory náboženských svobod , rovnosti pohlaví a omezení role armády v politickém životě .
turkey &apos;s formal recognition as a candidate state in 1999 led turkey to undertake unprecedented reform efforts in the area of human and minority rights , including abolition of the death penalty , safeguards against torture , promotion of religious freedoms , gender equality , and restriction of the military &apos;s role in political life .
turkey has led to an unprecedented reform of human rights and minority rights , including the abolition of the death penalty , the death penalty against torture , the promotion of religious freedoms , gender equality and the restriction role of the army in political life , in 1999 , to turkey &apos;s informal efforts in the area of human rights and minority rights , including the abolition of the death penalty , guarantees against torture , the promotion of religious freedoms , gender equality and restrictions on the role of the army .
in 1999 , turkey has led turkey to an unprecedented reform effort in the field of human rights and minority rights , including the abolition of the death penalty , certain safeguards against torture , support for religious freedoms , gender equality and the restriction of the role of the army in political life .

ostatně , v jižní a východní evropě k inflaci dojde <unk> musí k ní dojít , neboť jak se regiony rozvíjejí a industrializují , jejich směnné relace se musí zlepšovat a právě inflace je způsob , jímž k tomu v měnové unii může docházet .
there will , after all be inflation in southern and eastern europe -- there must be , for as regions develop and industrialize their terms of trade must improve , and under a monetary union regional inflation is how this can happen .
after all , in southern and eastern europe , inflation must take place because , as developed and industrialised regions are developing , their ridiculous relatives must be improved , and inflation is the way in which monetary union can take place .
after all , in the south and eastern europe , inflation must take place , as the regions of its industrialised and industrialising are developing , their ridiculous relatives must be improved and inflation is the way in which the monetary union can achieve this .

pravda <unk> systém obrany proti řízeným střelám , který ( zdráhavě ) předložil bill clinton a který ( nadšeně ) předkládá george w . bush <unk> s masivní podporou amerického kongresu <unk> se podstatně liší od snu ronalda reagana ve stylu hvězdných válek z doby před dvaceti lety : cílem systému národní protiraketové obrany ( nmd ) je zadržet jen malý počet válečných hlavic , nikoli poskytovat kompletní obranu před nepřátelskými střelami .
true , the defense against missiles which bill clinton ( reluctantly ) and george w. bush ( enthusiastically ) are proposing -- with massive support from america &apos;s congress -- is different from ronald reagan &apos;s star wars dream of twenty years ago : nmd is supposed to catch only a modest number of warheads , not provide complete protection against enemy missiles .
the truth is that the system of defence against fibres , which ( rehabilitate ) has presented blinton , which is presented ( enthusiasm ) by george bush , with massive support from the us congress , is substantially different from sronism in the lifestyle of assassination of warsaw wars : twenty years ago , the aim of the anti-missile national defence system is only a small number of warnings of warnings , not to provide complete hostility to hostile hostility .
the true system of defence against firearms , which i have presented bill clinton ( enthusiastic ) , which is presented by george bush , bush , with the massive support of the us congress , differ considerably from sronald , in response to the lifestyle of war years ago : the aim of the anti-national missile defence system ( music ) is only to hold a small number of warrants , not to provide a complete defence of protests .

latinskoamerické státy by si měly dát za cíl zvýšení výdajů na úroveň kolem 2 % hnp ( ze současných 0,5 % ) , a to zčásti ve formě podpory laboratoří a univerzit a zčásti ve formě pobídek pro výzkum a vývoj v soukromém sektoru . a měly by také natáhnout červený koberec nadnárodním technologickým firmám , jak to udělala asie .
latin american countries should aim to increase spending to around 2 % of gnp ( from 0.5 % currently ) , partly through public support for laboratories and universities and partly through incentives for private-sector r &amp; d. they should roll out the red carpet for high-tech multinational firms , just as asia has done .
in addition , the latin american states should aim to increase the expenditure of around 2 % of the gnp ( 0.5 % ) , in the form of support for laboratories and universities , and in the form of incentives for research and development in the private sector , and should also be given the aim of increasing expenditure on the level of gbp 2 % of the current gnp ( 0.5 % ) , in part of the form of support for laboratories and universities , in the form of incentives for research and development in the private sectors and in the private sector , as well as the carpet and the transnational technology industry , and the carpet of the supermarket .
the us latin america should aim to increase the level of 2 % of the current 2 % ( 0.5 % ) , partly in the form of aid and in the form of universities and in the form of research and development in the private sector , as well as to the red cross of the multinationals ( 0.5 % ( 0.5 % ) , in part of the form of support laboratories and in the form of universities and in the form of incentives for research and technology .

severoevropské země se obávaly , že by deficitní výdaje jižních zemí mohly nakonec vytvořit tlak na částečnou monetarizaci jejich dluhů skrze inflaci eura - či přesněji řečeno , jejich lídři měli strach , že by se investoři právě kvůli takovým obavám dožadovali vyssích úrokových sazeb .
the northern european countries feared that deficit spending by the south might ultimately create pressure for partial monetization of their debt through inflation of the euro--or , more precisely , their leaders feared that investors , fearing the same thing , would demand higher interest rates .
the north-european countries have feared that the deficit expenditure of the southern countries could ultimately create suspicion of their monetary debts or exposure to exposure to their debts - or , to say , the extinction of the euro , would have been feared that such interest to the gaps in the southern countries in the south .
in the case of the north-west european countries , the budget expenditure of the southern countries could finally create pressure on the sudanese debt of their deterrent debts - and they should be afraid that they would just like those countries in the north of the european north-western european countries , that the export expenditure of the southern countries could ultimately create pressure on the sudanese debt of their debt of inflation - the euro , or their restraint , that they should be afraid that they are just because of such tariffs for interest rates .

přesto je čas připustit , že vlády nejsou dost dobře uzpůsobeny k tomu , aby chápaly složité technologické problémy a příležitosti , které před světem stojí , a že je potřeba vyvinout nové metody , jež zajistí , že věda a technika získají takové postavení , aby mohly řešit celou řadu stále naléhavějších celosvětových problémů .
nevertheless , it &apos;s time to recognize that governments are ill-equipped to understand the sophisticated technological challenges and opportunities facing the world , and that new ways are needed to ensure that science and technology are given the prominence needed to address a wide range of increasingly urgent global problems .
however , it is time for governments to accept the difficult technological problems and opportunities ahead of the world and to develop new methods and to ensure that the techniques and techniques will be developed , and that they will be able to deal with the whole of the world , that governments are not well enough to understand the difficult technological problems and opportunities that are facing the world , and that there is a need to develop new methods and to ensure that the technical methods can be developed and that they get such a way of urgency , so that they can tackle the whole of the world .
however , it is time that the governments are not given enough to recognise the complex technological problems and opportunities that need to develop new techniques , and to ensure that such techniques can be dealt with , yet it is time that the governments are not well allowed to do so enough to understand the complex technological problems and problems that are facing , and that there is a need to develop new methods , and to ensure that there are new technologies that are more and more effective solutions to deal with a global level of crisis .

