vezměme si třeba otázku globálního oteplování .
take global warming .
let us take the question of global warming .
let us take the issue of global warming .

herbert hoover a pakt stability
herbert hoover and the stability pact
herbert herbert and the stability pact
herbert herbert for the stability and stability pact

ani to však ještě nejsou poslední náklady .
but the costs don &apos;t stop there .
however , this is not yet the last cost .
however , this is not the last cost .

totéž platí za oceánem .
the same is true across the atlantic .
the same applies to the ocean .
the same applies to the ocean .

takže žádná změna politiky .
so no change in policy .
so there is no change in politics .
so there is no change in politics .

takové instituce mohou prosazovat národní zájmy usa a také je často prosazují .
such institutions can and often do advance us national interests .
such institutions can promote the national interests of the us and also often promote them .
such institutions can promote the national interests of the us and also often promote them .

zaprvé platí , že rozporuplnost není nectnost .
first , inconsistency is no vice .
firstly , it is true that contradiction is not a dishonour .
firstly , it is true that the contradiction is not inviolability .

více než miliarda lidí po celém světě ho dnes nemá .
more than a billion people around the world today do not .
today , more than a billion people around the world do not have it .
more than a billion people around the world do not have it today .

v africe a některých částech asie jsou tato čísla ještě horší .
the figures are worse in africa and parts of asia .
these figures are even worse in africa and some parts of asia .
these figures are even worse in africa and some parts of asia .

demokraté ani republikáni nemají zájem zastavit hospodářskou činnost .
neither democrats nor republicans have an interest in choking off economic activity .
neither the democrats nor the republics have an interest in halting economic activity .
neither the democrats nor the republic of moldova have an interest in halting economic activity .

nejlepším způsobem , jak vnést mládí do výkonného umění , je vzdělání .
the best way to bring youth to the performing arts is through education .
education is the best way to bring people into the executive .
the best way to bring youth into an executive change is education .

v mnoha zemích je však pro politické strany těžké o takových debatách i jen uvažovat .
in many countries , however , political parties find it difficult even to contemplate such debates .
in many countries , however , it is difficult for political parties to consider such debates as this .
in many countries , however , it is difficult for political parties to consider such debates , too .

proč tedy tento obrovský rozdíl pozorujeme jak v americe , tak v evropě ?
so why do we see this large difference in reality in both america and europe ?
so why do we see this enormous difference both in america and in europe ?
so why do we see this huge difference both in america and in europe ?

s 80 miliony obyvateli by se turecko stalo jednou z největších členských zemí eu .
with 80 million people , turkey would be one of the largest eu states .
with 80 million inhabitants , turkey would become one of the largest eu member states .
turkey would become one of the largest eu member states with 80 million inhabitants .

jednou z největších záhad světové ekonomiky je slabá výkonnost latinské ameriky .
one of the world economy &apos;s biggest puzzles is latin america &apos;s poor performance .
one of the greatest estimate of the world economy is the weakness of latin america &apos;s performance .
one of the biggest estimates of the world economy is the weakness of latin america .

ještě větší starosti způsobuje skutečnost , že euro stále stagnuje .
even more troubling is the fact that the euro remains in the doldrums .
even greater concern is caused by the fact that the euro is still stagnating .
even more concern causes the fact that the euro is still staggering .

je možné , že bush tyto zprávy četl , ale přesahovaly hranice jeho chápání .
it &apos;s possible that bush read those reports , but that they were beyond his comprehension .
it is possible that bush has read these reports , but beyond the boundaries of its understanding .
it is possible that bush has read these reports , but they have gone beyond the borders of its understanding .

na rozdíl od ostatních dvou psychologických příčin má spekulativní nákaza přirozený konec .
in contrast to the other two psychological causes , speculative contagion has a natural end .
unlike the other two psychological causes , speculative infections are at the natural end .
unlike the other two psychological causes , speculative ideas have a natural end .

nebudou-li důvody k této válce potvrzeny jako oprávněné , následky budou dalekosáhlé .
if the arguments for war are not proved , the consequences will be profound .
if the reasons for this war are not confirmed as legitimate , the consequences will be far-reaching .
if the reasons for this war are not confirmed as justified , the consequences will be far-reaching .

aby se rozvojové země posunuly kupředu , potřebují novou vodní infrastrukturu a lepší vodní hospodářství .
to move forward , developing countries need new water infrastructure and better management .
in order for developing countries to move forward , they need new water infrastructure and a better water economy .
for developing countries to move forward , they need new water infrastructure and better water economy .

ukáží-li se jako oprávněné , pak by výsledkem války mohl být bezpečnější svět .
if they are vindicated , then the war could conceivably bring a safer world .
if they are justified , then the result of the war could be a safer world .
if it is justified , then the result of the war could be a safer world .

v postmoderních demokraciích na celém světě se však někdy tato touha jeví jako zničující .
but sometimes this desire seems overwhelming in post-modern democracies everywhere .
however , in post-modern democracies around the world , this desire sometimes appears to be devastating .
however , in post-modern democracies around the world , this desire seems to be devastating .

nezávisle zosnovaná spiknutí využívala ad hoc prostředky , často uvnitř cílové země .
independently generated plots emerged and used ad hoc resources , often within the target country .
an independent spiralling spiral has used ad hoc funds , often within the destination of the country .
an independent spiral has been used by ad hoc resources , often within the target country .

osn a další globální soustavy mají někdy ty nejlepší předpoklady k naplňování cílů zahraniční politiky usa .
the un and other global frameworks may sometimes be best placed to address us foreign policy goals .
the un and other global courts sometimes have the best prerequisites to meet the objectives of the us foreign policy .
the united nations and other global buildings sometimes have the best preconditions to meet the objectives of the us foreign policy .

zřejmě prvním ponaučením pro západní politiky je skutečnost , že virtuální podniky fungují na kultuře důvěry .
perhaps the first lesson for western policymakers is that virtual enterprises run on a culture of trust .
obviously the first lesson for western policy is the fact that virtual enterprises operate on a culture of trust .
perhaps the first lesson for western policy is the fact that virtual businesses are working on a culture of confidence .

evropská komise předložila svůj návrh v roce 2005 <unk> právě když byla k hlasování předkládána ústava .
the european commission submitted a proposal in 2005 -- just as the constitution was being put up for a vote .
the european commission presented its proposal in 2005 , just when the vote was put to the constitution .
the european commission tabled its proposal in 2005 precisely when it was submitted to the vote on the constitution .

bohaté průmyslové země včas a vydatně investovaly do vodní infrastruktury , institucí a vodohospodářských kapacit .
rich industrial countries have invested early and heavily in water infrastructure , institutions , and management capacities .
the rich industrialised countries have invested in time and have invested in water infrastructure , institutions and water capacity .
the rich industrialised countries have invested in water infrastructure , institutions and water capacity .

to se týká zejména <unk> velké trojky <unk> <unk> francie , německa a itálie <unk> , která vytváří 70 % evropského hdp .
this is mostly due to the big three -- france , germany , and italy -- which produce 70 % of europe &apos;s gdp .
this concerns , in particular , a large number of troika registered by france , germany and italy , which generates 70 % of european gdp .
this applies , in particular , to the large tremendous troika of france , germany and italy , which creates 70 % of european gdp .

tato touha po prozřetelných mužích či ženách v globální éře je výslednicí nejméně tří faktorů .
this yearning for providential men or women in our global age results from at least three factors .
this desire for obvious men or women in a global era is the result of at least three factors .
this desire for prominent men or women in the global era is the results of at least three factors .

taková strategie by znamenala výrazně zvýšit výdaje na výzkum a vývoj , jak to učinily asijské rozvojové země .
such a policy would entail committing to a major increase in spending on research and development , as asian developing countries have done .
such a strategy would mean significantly increasing expenditure on research and development , as the asian developing countries have done .
such a strategy would mean significantly increasing research and development expenditure , as the asian developing countries have done .

především by francouzsko-německý <unk> motor &quot; evropy neměl být vnímán jako potenciální soupeř usa .
in particular , the franco-german &quot; engine &quot; of europe should not be seen as a potential rival to the us .
first of all , the french german representative of europe should not be seen as a potential peter of the us .
first of all , the french german crackdown &apos; europe &apos; should not be seen as a potential us peter .

partnerství usnadňuje řešení problémů , které se vymykají ryze národním reakcím a jejichž tíži neseme společně .
partnership facilitates solutions to problems that defy purely national responses and means that burdens are shared .
the partnership facilitates a solution to the problems that are misguided by national reactions and which we do not work together .
the partnership facilitates solutions to problems that are burned out of national reactors and whose congestion we do not together .

pro systém oficiálního ateismu a legalizované prolhanosti byla církev živoucím obviněním .
for the system of official atheism and legalized mendacity , the church was a living rebuke .
the official tehran system and the legalised missile missiles were targeted at maintenance charges .
the official theatre system and the legalised proclamation was church in livelihoods .

i jim musí být umožněno pocítit pouta <unk> jednoty plynoucí z citů a náklonností <unk> .
they , too , must be allowed to feel those ties of &quot; unity resulting from feelings and sympathy . &quot;
they must also be allowed to feel assassinations and units of sensitivities and attitudes .
they must also be allowed to feel embraced by the units of units from sensitivity and cloning .

naděje na oživení cestovní mapy je sice motivována nejlepšími úmysly , ale naprosto se neslučuje s realitou .
while motivated by the best of intentions , the hope of reviving the road map is out of touch with reality .
while the hope of revitalising the road map is motivated by the best intentions , it is completely incompatible with reality .
although the best intentions are motivated , they are completely incompatible with the reality .

zázrak produktivity usa a nástup prodeje ve stylu wal-martu jsou prakticky synonyma .
the us productivity miracle and the emergence of wal-mart-style retailing are virtually synonymous .
the miracle of us productivity and the sale of w-marty is practically synonym .
the miracle on the productivity of the us and the sale of the sale of wallis is practically synonym .

v bejrútu se napříč komunitami zformovala široká opoziční fronta , která požaduje syrské stažení .
indeed , a broad multi-communal opposition front has formed in beirut to demand syria &apos;s departure .
there has been a broad opposition front across the community , which calls for syrian withdrawal .
in beijing , there was a broad opposition front across the community , which calls for syrian withdrawal .

jiné země zase mohou potřebovat hlubší vodní nádrže , větší počet moderních filtračních stanic nebo zdokonalené plány vodní dopravy .
still others might need deeper reservoirs , more modern filtration plants , or improved water transport schemes .
other countries may , once again , need deeper waterways , more modern filling stations or improved water transport plans .
other countries may , once again , need deeper waterways , a greater number of modern philosophy stations or improved waterways .

má-li být záliba ve vážné hudbě dotována , pak by před nízkými cenami měly dostat přednost některé adresnější dotace .
if a taste for classical music is to be subsidized , some more targeted subsidies should be preferred to cheap prices .
if the livelihoods in serious music are to be affected , then some more subsidies should be given priority over low prices .
if it is to be affected in a serious humiliation , then some more subsidies should be preferred before low prices .

média naopak <unk> přeháněčům <unk> věnují až marnotratnou pozornost a jejich střízlivější kolegy opomíjejí .
indeed , the media shower lavish attention on over-claimers while neglecting their humbler colleagues .
on the contrary , the media and , on the contrary , the obstruction of obscure representatives are paying attention to the margins and their more perverse colleagues .
on the contrary , the media and , on the contrary , the reluctance of the members of the res are paying up to marnobel attention and to their shameful colleagues .

z bývalých socialistických ekonomik východní evropy a sovětského svazu se jen pár vrátilo na úroveň produkce z doby před rokem 1990 .
among the former socialist economies of eastern europe and the soviet union , few have caught up with real output levels that prevailed before 1990 .
the former socialist economies of eastern europe and the soviet union have only returned to the level of production from 1990 to 1990 .
the former socialist economies of eastern europe and the soviet union have only returned to the level of production from 1990 before 1990 .

panuje například názor , že strukturální reformy v evropě je nemožné zavést , dokud se neobjeví nějaké nové vtělení margaret thatcherové .
for example , structural reforms in europe are thought impossible to enact unless imposed by some reincarnation of margaret thatcher .
for example , there is a view that the structural reforms in europe cannot be introduced until any new body margaret thatcher emerges .
for example , there is a view that structural reforms in europe are impossible to introduce until a new body margaret thatchet has emerged .

premiér vojislav koštunica , tento apoštol srbského nacionalismu , se všemi způsoby snaží podkopat kosovskou prozatímní vládu .
indeed , prime minister vojislav kostunica , the apostle of serbian nationalism , has been trying in every way to undermine kosovo &apos;s interim government .
prime minister double standards , this apol of serbian nationalism , is trying to undermine the kosovo interim government .
the prime minister of troops in the islamist , this amazing of serbian nationalism , is trying to undermine the kosovo interim government in all ways .

orbán prohlašoval , že zrušení benešových dekretů se musí stát podmínkou vstupu české ( i slovenské ) republiky do evropské unie .
orban argued that revoking the &quot; benes decrees &quot; must be made a condition for the czech republic ( as well as slovakia ) joining the european union .
orbán said that the abolition of the beneš decrees must become a condition for the accession of the czech and slovak republic to the european union .
orbán has said that the abolition of the shores must become a condition for the accession of the czech republic ( i and slovakia ) to the european union .

někteří lidé v papežovi spatřují člověka zodpovědného za náboženskou obrodu , jiní v něm vidí muže oddaného míru .
some see in the pope the person responsible for a religious revival ; others see a man of peace .
some people in paperor see a man responsible for a religious family , others see a man of a committed peace .
some people in papeer see a man responsible for a religious family , others see a man of a committed peace .

já osobně sázím , že některá ambiciózní pozlátková města budou i nadále zažívat klesající růst cen domů - a nakonec i jejich pokles .
i am betting that some high-flying glamour cities will continue to see decelerating growth in home prices - and eventually decreases .
personally , i am at stake that some of the ambitious towns of cities will continue to experience the falling price rises - and , finally , their decline .
i am personally at stake that some ambitious inventory towns will continue to experience the falling rise in prices of home - and , in the end , their decline .

proč ale francouzská ekonomika roste rychleji , když - parafrázujeme-li výrok velkého mao ce-tunga - svítí ve francii stejný měsíc jako v německu ?
why is france growing faster when , to paraphrase mao , the french moon is also the german moon ?
why , however , is the french economy growing faster when - paraffing by a large mao year - sweeping in france as the same month in germany ?
why , however , is the french economy growing faster when - paraphrase a year of great mao - the winner in france as a month in germany ?

toto dluhové břemeno by i bez cunami bylo ohromnou brzdou rozvoje , až se země konečně zotaví z důsledků finanční krize z roku 1997 .
even without the tsunami , this debt burden would have been an enormous hindrance to the country &apos;s development as it finally recovers from the aftermath of the 1997 financial crisis .
this debt burden would also have been threatened with development , when the country finally recover from the consequences of the 1997 financial crisis .
this debt burden would also be at risk of development without cutbacks , when the country finally recover from the consequences of the 1997 financial crisis .

vzhledem ke své strnulosti , rozsáhlému systému sociální péče a přeregulovanému trhu práce nedokázala země na tyto šoky reagovat a dostala se do potíží .
rigid as it was , with an extensive welfare system and an over-regulated labor market , germany was unable to react to these shocks and ran into trouble .
in view of its ridiculous , extensive system of social care and the reregulated labour market , the country has failed to respond to these shocks and has come into difficulties .
in view of its rigour , a large social care system and the reregulated labour market , the country has failed to respond to these shocks and has been in difficulties .

usa si přejí udržet kontrolu nad okupací , ale zároveň chtějí , aby kulky , které nyní kosí americké vojáky , zasahovaly někoho jiného .
the us wants to retain control of the occupation , but it wants others to receive the bullets now mowing down american soldiers .
the us wishes to maintain control over the occupation , but at the same time they want the cultures that are now colonising american soldiers to interfere with someone else .
the us wants to maintain control over the occupation , but at the same time they want the cultivation that the american soldiers are interfering with someone else .

český premiér miloš zeman obratem předvedl , že i on si umí zahrát na demagogického nacionalistu .
czech prime minister milos zeman quickly demonstrated that he , too , could play a demagogic nationalist card .
the czech prime minister , milošoan , has shown that he , too , is dying in demagogic nationalists .
the czech prime minister , mr milolo milocker , led to the fact that he , too , runs on demagogic nationalists .

banka se zaměřuje na zastupování zájmů zemí , které od ní získaly půjčky , a pomáhá jim nacházet aktiva pro obchodování s uhlíkem v souladu s jejich vlastními prioritami .
the bank is focused on representing the interests of its borrowing countries , helping them to develop assets for carbon trading according to their own priorities .
the bank is focusing on the representation of the interests of countries that have acquired loans and helps them to operate for carbon trading in accordance with their own priorities .
the bank focuses on the representation of the interests of countries that have received loans and helps them to become active for carbon trading in accordance with their own priorities .

pakt už sráží německo do recese , zatímco italská vláda má plné ruce práce , aby dostatečně rychle pozměnila své odhady růstu a udržela krok s klesajícím výstupem .
the pact is already knocking germany into recession , and italy &apos;s government is struggling to revise its growth forecasts fast enough to keep up with falling output .
the pact is already shaping germany into the recession , while the italian government has its full hand of work in order to quickly amend its estimates of growth and maintain a step with the falling accession .
the pact is already lagging germany into recession , while the italian government has full work to amend its growth estimates quickly and to keep a step with the decree .

ve světě , kde jsou <unk> řečeno s yeatsem <unk> <unk> ti nejhorší plní vášnivé horlivosti a ti nejlepší postrádají veškeré přesvědčení <unk> , to však za pokus stojí .
but in a world where , as yeats said , &quot; and the best lack all conviction , while the worst are full of passionate intensity , &quot; it is worth trying .
in a world where they are represented with the athletes in the world , the worst people are meeting hesitation and the best miss all convictions , but this is behind an attempt .
in the world in which they are registered with atrocities , these are the worst accomplishment of horrific horrors and those who do not have any conviction , but that is the case for an attempt .

obě kladou na latinskoamerické společnosti nároky , aby více investovaly do svých obyvatel , a latinoameričané se tak mohli připojit ke špičce globální produktivity .
both call upon latin american societies to invest more in their people , so that latin americans can join the cutting edge of global productivity .
both positive points to latin american society are demanding that they invest more in their population , and latin america can thus join the top of global productivity .
both of them on latin american companies are demanding that they invest more in their people , and latin america could thus join the top of global productivity .

paradoxem zůstává , že byl kandidován na guvernéra ecb právě skupinou zemí se zdravými měnami ; -rozdílný hospodářský výkon usa a evropy .
the paradox here is that he was the sound money crowd &apos;s candidate to head the ecb . - a different performances between the us and europe .
paradoxically , the paradox remains that he was standing on the governor of the ecb , a group of countries with healthy currency ; a different economic performance of the us and europe .
the paradoxical paradoxical paradoxical remains that a candidate was placed on the governor of the ecb , just a group of countries with healthy currency ; a -different economic performance of the us and europe .

jistě , mohl bych v čečensku trávit celý svůj čas , ale rusko má 89 oblastí s bezpočtem problémů s lidskými právy , které je potřeba řešit .
indeed , i could spend all my time in chechnya , but russia has 89 regions with countless human rights issues to address .
certainly , i could spend my time in chechnya , but russia has 89 areas with countless problems with human rights , which need to be addressed .
certainly , i could , in chechnya , spend my time in chechnya , but russia has 89 areas with a smooth number of human rights problems that need to be dealt with .

demokracie přijaly strategii elé belé : nechme lidi domnívat se , že jejich mínění má nějakou váhu , že se podílejí na rozhodování svého národa , ale držme je mimo skutečnou hru .
they have embraced the elé belé strategy : let people believe that their opinion counts , that they are participating in their nation &apos;s decision making , while keeping them out of the real game .
democracy has adopted the elbelet strategy : let people think that their opinion has some weight to participate in deciding their nation , but let us keep them outside the real game .
democracy has adopted a strategy of elmar : let people believe that their opinion has some weight that they are involved in deciding their nation , but let us keep them outside the real game .

kromě dnesních oficiálně měřených deficitů navíc existují dalsí závazky vyplývající z demografických změn ( klesající porodnost ) a z vyhlídky na nutnost obrovských sociálních plateb v budoucnu .
but in addition to today &apos;s officially measured government deficits , there are also other looming obligations caused by a demographic change ( declining birth rates ) and the prospect of huge social-welfare payments in the future .
moreover , in addition to the intolerable deficit deficits , there are , moreover , the commitments resulting from demographic changes ( falling birth rates ) and the prospect of the need for huge social payments in the future .
moreover , in addition to the intolerable deficit deficits , there are dalai obligations resulting from demographic changes ( falling birth rates ) and prospects for the need for huge social payments in the future .

vědci pronikající na názorové stránky novin nebo do televize a rádia musí mít za sebou hodnověrnou minulost , jinak by byli odseparováni .
pundits who make it into newspaper opinion pages or onto television and radio must have good track records ; otherwise , they would have been weeded out .
scientists who are located on the page of newspapers or on television and radio must have a remarkable past for themselves , otherwise they would be departed .
scientists who are proving on the points of newspapers or in television and radio and have to have a new past for them , otherwise they would be trained .

výsledkem je kromě zdravotního přínosu pro všechny také prokazatelná bilance hospodářského růstu ; stačí se podívat na investice do vodní energie , aby člověk viděl pozitivní dopad vodohospodářských projektů na řadu ekonomik .
the result , beyond the health benefits for all , has been a proven record of economic growth ; one only has to look at investment in hydropower to see the positive impact of water management projects on many economies .
as a result , apart from health benefits , it is also a proven balance of economic growth ; it is enough to look at investment in water energy in order to see the positive impact of water management projects on a number of economies .
in addition to health benefits , the balance of economic growth is also provisional ; it is only enough to look at investment in water to see a positive impact on water projects on a number of economies .

korejští voliči - zjevně hluší k hrozbě , kterou severokorejské jaderné zbraně představují - prozatím roovu politiku udržování dialogu a hospodářské výměny se severem podporují .
for now , korean voters--apparently impervious to the threat that north korea &apos;s nuclear weapons poses--support roh &apos;s policy of maintaining dialogue and economic exchange with the north .
the korean electorate - obviously noise to the threat posed by the north korean nuclear weapons - is a provisional policy of maintaining dialogue and economic exchanges with the north .
the korean electorate - apparently noise the threat that north korean nuclear weapons represent - is , for the time being , a policy of maintaining dialogue and economic exchanges with the north .

itálie se zase musí rozhodnout , zda nahradí premiéra silvia berlusconiho , který neprojevil žádný zájem o reformy ani o evropské záležitosti , opatrným romanem prodim , bývalým předsedou evropské komise .
meanwhile , italy must decide whether it replaces prime minister silvio berlusconi , who displayed no interest in reform and european affairs , with the cautious romano prodi , the former european commission president .
italy needs to decide , once again , whether it will replace prime minister silvio berlusconi , who has not shown any interest in reform or in european affairs , a cautious romanians , the former president of the european commission .
italy must decide , once again , whether it will replace prime minister silvio berlusconi , who has not shown any interest in reform or in european affairs , a cautious romano , the former president of the european commission .

je lepší zvýšení o 50 bazických bodů teď <unk> což umožní hospodářskému zotavování pokračovat a zároveň udrží inflaci na uzdě <unk> , než toto číslo o něco později násobit třemi nebo čtyřmi .
better a 50-basis-point increase now -- thereby allowing the economic recovery to continue by keeping inflation in check -- than triple or quadruple that figure down the road .
it is better to increase the 50 bahrain points that have now been taken up in order to allow economic recovery to continue , while keeping inflation on a restraint than this figure has been noticed by three or four times later .
it is better to increase 50 bahrain points now , which will allow economic recovery to continue and , at the same time , to keep inflation on the wall , rather than this figure three or four later .

euro , rovněž po určité době , zaujme důležité ekonomické postavení a přinese evropě prospěch , která pak bude mnohem více integrovaná , bude mít lepší finanční trhy a bude vykazovat nižší náklady na transakce přeshraničního podnikání .
the euro will , also in time , deploy important economic benefits making europe more integrated with better financial markets and lower transactions costs for cross-border business .
the euro , also after a certain period of time , let us take an important economic position and will benefit europe , which will then be much more integrated , will have better financial markets and will show lower costs for cross-border business transactions .
the euro , as well as after some time , let us take an important economic position and will benefit europe , which will then be much more integrated , will have better financial markets and reduce the lower cost of cross-border business transactions .

tato teorie se odvolává na hypotézu britského historika arnolda toynbeeho , podle něhož se impéria hroutí , protože nejsou s to reagovat na vnější výzvy .
this theory recalls that of the british historian arnold toynbee , according to which empires collapse because they are unable to react to external challenges .
this theory refers to the mortgage of the british historian arnounynd , according to which a series of disasters are evolved , because they are not in response to external challenges .
this theory refers to the mortgage of the british history of arnolda toynbee , according to which a series of disasters are being fed , because they are not responding to external challenges .

na veřejnosti se všichni členové kontaktní skupiny snaží ponechat otázku konečného statusu kosova otevřenou , ale neoficiálně již usa a někteří další spojenci oznámili oběma stranám , že letos navrhnou nezávislost .
in public , all contact group members have tried to leave the question of kosovo &apos;s final status open , but informally the us and some of its allies have told the two parties that they will propose independence this year .
all the members of the contact group are trying to leave the question of the final status of kosovo open , but they have already been unofficial , and some other allies have announced to both parties that this year &apos;s proposed independence .
all members of the contact groups are trying to leave the issue of the final status of kosovo open , but no longer at the united states , and some other allies have announced both sides that this year the proposed independence is proposed .

to bylo velké poučení 70. a počátku 80. let , kdy bezuzdná inflace přiměla politiky vzdát se této své moci ve prospěch nezávislých centrálních bank , což zřejmě samo o sobě trhy přesvědčilo , že stabilita cen bude obnovena .
this was the great lesson of the 1970 &apos;s and early 1980 &apos;s , when rampant inflation forced politicians to surrender this power to independent central banks , which alone could convince markets that price stability would be restored .
this was a great lesson from the 1970s and the beginning of the 1980s , when unbridled inflation had to abandon its power in favour of independent central banks , which seems to have convinced itself that price stability will be restored .
this was a great lesson of the 1970s and the beginning of the 1980s , when unretail inflation has had to give up this policy to its power in favour of independent central banks , which seems to have convinced , in itself , that price stability will be restored .

britům nějakou dobu trvalo , než pochopili , že jelikož je prezident jacques chirac odepsaný politik , který sice do roku 2007 setrvá v úřadu , ale nikoliv u moci , nemá mandát na jakoukoliv podobnou dohodu přistoupit .
it took some time before the british came to understand that since president jacques chirac is a beleaguered lame-duck president , who will remain in office but not in power until 2007 , he is in no position to agree to any such bargain .
the british people have taken some time to understand that , as president jacques chirac is signed by the policies that it takes until 2007 , but not in power , he has no mandate to accede to any similar agreement .
for some time , the british has taken some time to understand that , since the president , jacques chirac , has signed written policies , which , by 2007 , insists in office , but not in power , has no mandate for any similar agreement .

pojem , , mezinárodní vztahy &quot; předpokládá vestfálskou soustavu povinností mezi suverénními národními státy , která nahradila středověkou soustavu komunit zakládajících se na osobní poslušnosti vůči králi .
the term &quot; international relations &quot; assumes the westphalian order of commitments among sovereign nation states , which replaced the medieval order of communities defined by personal fealty to a king .
the term , international relations &apos; presupposes a vehement state of justice between sovereign nation states , which replaced the mediation centre of the communiqué on personal obesity against beauty .
the concept , the concept , international relations &apos; presupposes a veto &apos;s dual state of duty between the sovereign nation states , which replaced the centre of the communiquity of the communiquo communicated on personal obesity against the beautiful .

zde je tedy skromný návrh , který se týká všech demokracií : tržiště myšlenek funguje lépe , pokud občané lépe vidí kompromis mezi přesností a zábavností nebo mezi přesností a stranickou loajalitou .
here , then , is a modest proposal that applies to all democracies : the marketplace of ideas works better if it is easier for citizens to see the trade-offs between accuracy and entertainment , or between accuracy and party loyalty .
therefore , there is a modest proposal that concerns all democracies : the focus of ideas works better if citizens are better aware of the compromise between accuracies and backs or between accuracy and party loyalty .
therefore , there is a modest proposal that concerns all democracies : the wind of ideas works better , if citizens see a better compromise between the accuracy and backs , or between the accuracy and partiality and the impartiality of acian .

pouze po úpravě mezd směrem dolů tak , aby se přizpůsobily novému mezinárodnímu prostředí , se mohou němečtí zaměstnanci stát znovu konkurenceschopnými , země se navrátit k vyšší zaměstnanosti a využívat svůj lidský kapitál na maximální kapacitu .
only if wages adjust downward to accommodate the new international environment can german workers become competitive again , so that the country returns to a higher employment level , exploiting its human capital up to the capacity constraint .
only in order to adapt to the wages of mines to adapt to the new international environment , german employees can become competitive again , countries will return to higher employment and make use of their human capital to maximum capacity .
in order to adapt to the gap so as to adapt to the new international environment , the german employees can become again competitive , countries can return to higher employment and use their human capital to maximum capacity .

argentinská krize z konce roku 2001 se nápadně podobala krizi argentinské banky baring brothers z roku 1890 - až na to , že se tehdy zdálo , že politici a mezinárodní bankéři měli lepší představu o tom , jak minimalizovat škody , než mají dnes .
argentina &apos;s crisis at the end of 2001 looked remarkably like argentina &apos;s baring brothers crisis of 1890 -- save that politicians and international bankers seem to have had a much better idea of what to do to minimize the damage in 1890 than they do today .
the argentina crisis of the end of 2001 fell by the crisis of argentina barbary broke out of 1890 - only when it seemed that politicians and international bankers had a better idea of minimising damage than they had today .
the argentina crisis from the end of 2001 has been similar to the crisis of the argentina bank of barbrok from 1890 - only when it seemed that politicians and international bankers had a better idea of minimising damage than they have today .

mimo jiné prohlásil , že nebude spojeným státům podlézat nebo jezdit do washingtonu proto , aby se tam dal vyfotit . přislíbil rovněž , že bude pokračovat v kim te džungově &quot; sluneční politice &quot; sbližování se severní koreou .
for example , he said that he would not kow-tow to the us or visit washington just for the sake of a photo opportunity he also promised to continue president kim dae jung &apos;s &quot; sunshine policy &quot; of engagement with the north .
it has stated , among other things , that it will not be up to the united states to go to washington , so that it should be pledged there , and it has also promised that it will continue to be a cross of &apos; sunset policy &apos; with north korea .
he said , among other things , that it will not be subject to the united states or to go to washington , so that he would be written there , and he also promised that you will continue to go on with the &apos; irregular &apos; policy &apos; to scrap north korea .

v mnoha částech evropy se však na vstup turecka do eu pohlíží se skepticismem vzhledem k jeho velikosti , relativně slabému hospodářství , obavám z masového přistěhovalectví a především kulturním a společenským rozdílům - což je eufemismus pro islám .
in many parts of europe , however , turkey &apos;s admission to the eu is viewed with <<unk>> ticism owing to its size , relatively poor economy , fears of massive immigration , and , above all , cultural and societal differences - a euphemism for islam .
however , in many parts of europe , turkey &apos;s accession to the eu is viewed by scepticism , given its size , the relatively weak economy , the concern of mass immigration and , above all , cultural and social differences - euphemas for islam .
however , in many parts of europe , turkey &apos;s entry into the eu is looking at scepticism , given its size , a relatively weak economy , concern for mass immigration and , above all , cultural and social differences - which is euftm for islam for islam .

tlak totality sice zajisté zformoval výjimečné lidi , jako jsou jan pavel ii. nebo alexandr solženicyn , tedy lidi , pro něž náboženská víra znamenala svobodu před prolhaností a osamělostí .
totalitarian pressure did , indeed , form exceptional people such as john paul ii and alexander solzhenitsyn , people for whom religious faith bought freedom from mendacity and solitude .
although the pressure of totalitarianism has certainly been forbidden by exceptional people , such as jan han iiler , or alexander boiia &apos;s cynics , that is , people for whom religious faith has meant freedom from disgrace and isolation .
however , the pressure of totalitarian totalitarianism has certainly ensured exceptional people , such as jan pagay , or alexander mujapanese , the people for whom religious faith has meant freedom to be handed out of disgrace and sentiment .

účastnili jsme se všech hlavních událostí v evropské hudbě , literatuře a filmu ( vzpomeňme filmů andrzeje wajdy z dob solidarity , například snímku danton , jež byly francouzskými koprodukcemi ) .
we participated in all the major developments in european music , literature , and film ( think of andrzej wajda &apos;s films from the solidarity era , such as &quot; danton , &quot; which were french co-productions ) .
we have participated in all the major events in the european music , literature and film ( let us remember the films of andrzechos from the dollar of solidarity , such as the reduction of the mdg , which was french cows ) .
we have taken part in all the major events in the european music , lithuanian and film ( remember the films of andrzewa from solidarity , such as the mdg , which was french coins ) .

bylo pamatováno na bezpočet drobností : thajsko do postižené části země letecky přepravilo velvyslance , aby napomohlo péči o potřeby cizích státních příslušníků , těm , kdo přišli o peníze a pasy , pomohlo s návratem domů , poskytlo zdravotní péči raněným , zavedlo metody identifikace těl a vypořádalo se s potížemi plynoucími z nedostatku pytlů na těla a chladicích zařízení .
myriad details were addressed : thailand flew ambassadors to the affected part of the country to help attend to the needs of their citizens , helped those who lost their money and passports return home , provided health care for the injured , set up systems to identify bodies , and dealt with the difficulties posed by shortages of body bags and the lack of cold storage facilities .
it has been remembered : thailand has been transported to the part of the country in question , in order to help with the needs of foreign nationals , those who have lost their money and passports , have been recovered by the number of pets : thailand , in part of the country affected , thailand has been transferred to the air , the methods of identifying and combating the depleted scarcity of the emergency deposits , and the problems of the depositors of the depositary of emergency facilities .
the number of small : thailand has been remembered in part of the country &apos;s ambassadors , in order to help care for the needs of foreign nationals , those who have lost their money and passports , have been able to provide a restraint to the restraint of health care , to the magic , to discover the problems of diesel and diminishing equipment .

schrã <unk> der představuje umã <unk> rněně levicovou politickou platformu a program , srovnatelnã <unk> s novolabouristickou filozofiã <unk> britskã <unk> ho premiã <unk> ra tonyho blaira či centrismem někdej<unk> ¡ ã <unk> ho americkã <unk> ho prezidenta billa clintona .
schröder has been representing a moderately left political platform and agenda , one comparable to british prime minister tony blair &apos;s new labour philosophy or former us president bill clinton &apos;s centrism .
the higgins of hidden hidden hidden hidden represent a one-left-wing platform , a programme that is comparable to the labour gallery of the uk dimirk gtony mar &apos;s namirror , which has been organised by some left-left-wing political platform , and a programme that is confiscated with the comparative diezzzzzzzzle of the uk philoslo dio &apos;s profibres , the obbres of the former president , and the obstex rik michaic axytony mar ay mar aedi , has been consulted by president of the amichechi and the achelle of the achantonio &apos;s ay of the amireto the amirei group of the azores of the ay ay mar
the governor of the sentiment of schror schror is a subsidised act of the left-wing political platform and the comparable labour agenda , the comparable labour spare philosophy of the british labour philosophy , the comparable labour philosophy of the british philosophy or , of a scrapppppppppppas , of a frd &apos;éri , who was a substitute of a large part of a substitute , and a subscripted political form of the ley agenda for the ley of the leancited , and a , and a division of a division of a division of a division of a division of a division of a division of a division of a comparable political agenda , and a division of the division of the division of a division of a division of a division of a division of a division of

ekonomové na celém světě se obávají deflace - od stephena roache z banky morgan stanley , přes paula krugmana z princetonské univerzity , guvernéry amerického fedu a vysokých úředníků evropské centrální banky , až po téměř všechny ekonomy v japonsku .
from stephen roach at morgan stanley to paul krugman at princeton , to the governors of the us federal reserve and the senior staff at the european central bank , to almost everyone in japan , economists all over the world are worrying about deflation .
the economists around the world are afraid of the evolution of the church of the bay bank , paley pakinz , pakinton , the european central bank and the european central bank , almost all of the european central bank , from the ache gatley , pakia and printing , pakink , pakink , pakincetony gtony , cetonguyan , ceyfkinkini and the european central bank , and the european central bank , all the european universities , to the grid , for almost all of the european universities .
in the world , the economists are taking place - from the rosteroche bank from the cherchernobyl bank , via the grid and the river river river , the federal group of the united kingdom and the european central bank , almost all of the european central ministers , and almost all the european central bank , and almost all the central bank , of the central bank , and almost all the european central bank .

