doch muss die ezb dazu ihre einstellung ändern .
but this will require a shift in the ecb &apos;s attitude .
however , the ecb must change its attitude to this .
however , the ecb must change its attitude .

venezuela ist in eine gefährliche sackgasse geraten .
venezuela is mired in a dangerous stalemate .
venezuela is in a dangerous impasse .
venezuela is in a dangerous impasse .

betrachten wir die armut in afrika .
consider poverty in africa .
we look at poverty in africa .
we look at poverty in africa .

lateinamerikas weg aus dem stillstand
getting latin america unstuck
latin america ’ s path to deadlock is the end of the deadlock .
latin america is moving away from the closure of latin america .

sitzt europa fest ?
is europe stuck ?
does europe stand firm ?
is europe in a situation where europe is concerned ?

das gleiche gilt auch auf der anderen seite des atlantiks .
the same is true across the atlantic .
the same applies to the other side of the atlantic .
the same applies to the other side of the atlantic .

wie zuverlässig sind ihre lieblingsexperten ?
how accurate are your pet pundits ?
how reliable are your favourite people ?
how reliable are their blind perceptions ?

dies jedoch ist nicht lã <unk> nger der fall .
but this is no longer the case .
however , this is not a matter of serious concern .
however , this is not a matter of urgency .

doch haben solche ereignisse in armen ländern wesentlich größere auswirkungen .
but the impact of such events on poor countries is much greater .
however , such events have a much greater impact in poor countries .
however , such events in poor countries have a much greater impact .

die aktuelle führungsriege war eine enorme enttäuschung .
the current team of leaders has been an enormous disappointment .
the current leadership was a huge disappointment .
the current leadership was a huge disappointment .

sogar schon vor der invasion gab es überwältigende beweise dafür , dass bush log .
even before the invasion , there was overwhelming evidence that bush was lying .
even before the invasion , there has been overwhelming evidence that bush has log .
even before the invasion , there has been overwhelming evidence that bush log .

der kosovo gilt häufig als testfall für das konzept der &quot; humanitären &quot; intervention .
kosovo is often held up as a test case for the concept of &quot; humanitarian &quot; intervention .
kosovo is often regarded as a test case for the concept of &apos; humanitarian intervention &apos; .
kosovo often applies as a test case for the concept of &apos; humanitarian intervention &apos; .

ein guter anfang wäre eine haltungsänderung gegenüber der euroeinführung in den beitrittsländern .
a good place to start would be to push for a different attitude on accession countries &apos; adoption of the euro .
a good start would be a conservation change towards the introduction of the euro in the candidate countries .
a good start would be a change to the introduction of euro in the candidate countries .

warnsignale einer bevorstehenden inflation gibt es in der eurozone zuhauf .
warning signs of impending inflation abound across the euro zone .
there are warning signs of a forthcoming inflation in the euro area .
there are warning signs of forthcoming inflation in the euro area .

politiker verbergen natürlich lieber , wie der wohlstand zwischen den generationen verschoben wird .
politicians naturally prefer to hide how wealth is shifted between generations .
politicians , of course , prefer to hide how the prosperity between generations is being postponed .
politicians , of course , prefer to hide how prosperity is postponed between generations .

es ist einfach , den vorschlag , wonach die technologie die lage retten kann , zu verwerfen .
it is easy to dismiss the suggestion that technology can save the day .
it is easy to read the proposal that technology can save the situation .
it is easy to put the proposal that technology can save the situation .

chávez entfacht keine revolution , er ist eher ein leidenschaftlicher redner .
rather than initiating a revolution , chávez merely spouts fiery rhetoric .
chávez is not a revolution , it is rather a passionate speaker .
chávez is not a revolution , it is rather a passionate speaker .

schließlich konnten sie früher einen einfachen , emissionsintensiven weg zu industrialisierung und wohlstand einschlagen .
after all , they could take an easy , emissions-intensive path to industrialization and wealth .
finally , they were able to take a simple , labour-intensive approach to industrial liberalisation and prosperity earlier .
finally , they were able to take a simple , labour-intensive approach to industrial and prosperity earlier .

es brauchte eine koalition der willigen , um bosnien vor der auslöschung zu bewahren .
it took a coalition of the willing to save bosnia from extinction .
it needed a coalition of the willing to preserve bosnia before the exhibition .
it needed a coalition of the parties to preserve bosnia from extinction .

riesige haushaltsdefizite unterstützen das wachstum , aber die inflation ist allem anschein nach kein problem .
large budget deficits support growth , but inflation evidently is not a problem .
huge budgetary deficits support growth , but inflation seems not to be a problem .
huge budgetary deficits support growth , but inflation seems to be not a problem .

zunehmend ist zu beobachten , dass die frei geäußerte meinung das verhalten der regierung nicht beeinflusst oder bremst .
increasingly , free expression of opinion does not influence or restrain how government behaves .
it is increasingly apparent that the freely expressed opinion does not affect or slow down the behaviour of the government .
it is increasingly clear that the free opinion of the government does not influence or slow down the behaviour of the government .

betrüblicherweise wird die globale erwärmung wahrscheinlich die gleichen länder zerstören , die auch vom tsunami verwüstet wurden .
sadly , global warming will likely destroy some of the same countries ravaged by the tsunami .
unfortunately , global warming will probably destroy the same countries that have also been devastated by the tsunami .
usually , global warming will probably destroy the same countries , which have also been destroyed by the tsunami .

was den schutz der allgemeinheit angeht , ist die arzneimittelsicherheit das vernachlässigte stiefkind der behörden .
indeed , as far as protecting the public is concerned , drug safety is the regulator &apos;s neglected stepchild .
with regard to the protection of the general public , medicines safety is the neglected child of the authorities .
as far as the protection of the public is concerned , medicines safety is the neglected child of the authorities .

daher rührt der verbreitete glaube , demokratien würden , wie der wein , mit zunehmendem alter besser .
hence the popular belief that democracies , like wine , improve with age .
that is why the widespread belief that democracies , such as wine , would be better with increasingly old age .
that is why the widespread belief that democracies would be better , such as wine , with increasingly old age .

bei proteinen allerdings , die tausende von atomen enthalten , scheiterte man mit dieser methode .
but proteins , which contain thousands of atoms , were far too complicated for this to work .
however , with regard to protein , which contains thousands of nuclear weapons , one failed with this method .
however , one that contains thousands of nuclear weapons has failed to do with this method .

im hinblick auf die yukos-affäre ist zu sagen , dass mein büro nicht in einen laufenden prozess eingreifen kann .
as to the yukos affair , my office cannot intervene in any legal process until it is completed .
with regard to the kos-on affair , it must be said that my office cannot intervene in an ongoing process .
with regard to the phare affair , i must say that my office cannot intervene in an ongoing process .

die frage erscheint absurd angesichts der fotos amerikanischer soldaten , die irakische gefangene foltern und erniedrigen .
the question seems absurd in the light of photographs of american soldiers torturing and humiliating iraqi prisoners .
the question seems absurd in view of the photographs of american soldiers who torture and humiliating iraqi prisoners .
the question seems absurd in view of the photographs of american soldiers , the iraqi prisoners torture and humiliation .

heutzutage finanziert der größte teil des produktpreises die riesige , ineffiziente organisation , die das produkt zusammengebaut hat .
at present , most of the price of any product supports the huge , inefficient organization that assembled it .
today , the largest part of the product price is financed by the huge , inefficient organisation that built the product together .
today , the largest part of the product price is funding the huge , inefficient organisation that has built the product together .

diese probleme werfen dornige fragen auf : was hindert junge leute daran , eine weiter führende schule zu besuchen ?
these problems raise thorny questions : what prevents more young people from attending secondary school ?
these problems raise questions : what is preventing young people from visiting a further leading school ?
these problems raise questions : what does young people prevent young people from visiting a further leading school ?

die anhänger der einen wie der anderen interpretation werden sharon angesichts dieser zweifel auf ewig zu einem der ihren erklären .
for those who support one or the other reading , sharon will forever hold the benefit of the doubt .
the supporters of one such as the other interpretation of sharon will , in view of these doubts , be declared to one of them .
the supporters of the one such as the other interpretation will , in view of this doubt , be told to one of their own .

drittens , und um nichts weniger bedeutungsvoll , ist die spekulative ansteckung , die jeder blase zugrunde liegt .
third , and no less important , is the speculative contagion that underlies any bubble .
thirdly , and to no less significant extent , speculative infection is based on any blasphemy .
thirdly , and nothing less important is the speculative reduction that is based on every blasis .

dabei scheint es keine rolle zu spielen , dass diese truppen eingesetzt werden , um die ureigensten forderungen der uno durchzusetzen .
it does not seem to matter that such troops are being used to enforce the un &apos;s own demands .
there seems to be no role to play in ensuring that these troops are used to enforce the un &apos;s most mature demands .
it does not seem to be a role to play in ensuring that these troops are used to enforce the most elementary demands of the un .

selbst wenn dies der fall sein sollte , dauert es möglicherweise zehn bis fünfzehn jahre , bis nmd einsatzfähig sein wird .
even if it does work , it will be ten to fifteen years , possibly longer , before nmd is operational .
even if this is the case , it may take ten to 15 years , until nmd will be operational .
even if this should be the case , it may be ten to 15 years , until nmd will be operational .

indien muss mehr fdi ins land bekommen . sie helfen , die überschüssigen kapazitäten in seiner wirtschaft auszuschöpfen .
india needs to attract higher fdi inflows to help soak up the economy &apos;s excess capacity .
india must get more fdi into the country , helping to exploit the surplus capacity in its economy .
india must receive more fdi in the country , helping to exploit the surplus capacities in its economy .

tatsächlich stehen die meisten russen den bestrebungen der regierung , die pressefreiheit zu beschneiden und das demonstrationsrecht einzuschränken gleichgültig gegenüber .
in fact , most russians are indifferent to the government &apos;s efforts to curtail press freedom and limit the right to protest .
in fact , most russians are opposed to the government &apos;s efforts to reduce freedom of the press and to limit the right to demonstration .
in fact , most russians have the desire of the government to reduce freedom of the press and to reduce the right of demonstration .

in den vereinigten staaten allein sterben jedes jahr schätzungsweise bis zu 100.000 patienten an schweren medikamentennebenwirkungen .
in the united states alone , it is estimated that every year up to 100,000 patients die due to serious adverse drug reactions ( adr &apos;s ) .
every year in the united states alone , it is estimated that up to 100-000 patients die from serious medicines .
every year in the united states alone , it is estimated that up to 100-000 patients die from serious diseases .

normalerweise nutzen die länder ihre eu-präsidentschaft , um ihre fähigkeit , probleme zu lösen und die union weiterzubringen , zur schau zu stellen .
normally , countries use their eu presidencies to display their ability to solve problems and move the union forward .
normally , the countries are using their eu presidency to resolve their ability to solve problems and to bring the union forward .
normally , the countries are using their eu presidency to solve their ability to solve problems and to bring the union to the shell .

dieses modell bildet derzeit die grundlage der geschäftswelt -- so , wie auch die zentralisierung die bevorzugte defensivstrategie ist .
this model is the current basis of the business world , just as centralization has also been the favored defense strategy .
this model is currently the basis of the business world , just as centralisation is the preferred defensive strategy .
this model is currently the basis of the business world , as well as centralisation , the preferred defensive strategy .

dieser unterschied ist von bedeutung , weist er doch auf die begrenzte wirksamkeit formalisierter rechtsnormen als mittel zur förderung der menschenrechte hin .
this distinction matters because it points to the limited effectiveness of formalized legal norms as a means of promoting human rights .
this difference is important , but it points to the limited effectiveness of formal legal standards as a means of promoting human rights .
this difference is important , but it points out the limited effectiveness of formal legal standards as a means of promoting human rights .

in der praxis bedeutete das enorme geldflüsse in richtung landwirtschaftlicher großproduzenten wie frankreich oder in ärmere mitgliedsstaaten wie griechenland und portugal .
in practice , this has meant large flows of money either to big agricultural producers , like france , or to poorer member states , like greece and portugal .
in practice , the huge flow of money in the direction of large agricultural producers , such as france or poorer member states , such as greece and portugal .
in practice , the enormous amount of money in the direction of large agricultural producers , such as france or the poorer member states , such as greece and portugal .

die amerikaner müssen sich ihrerseits gedanken darüber machen , wo die richtige balance zwischen ästhetik , gemeinwesen und niedrigen preisen liegt .
americans , in turn , must think about where the proper balance lies between aesthetics , community , and low prices .
for its part , the americans must consider where the right balance is between stheistic , public and low prices .
the americans , for their part , need to think about where the right balance is between ailthesis , public and low prices .

dennoch , währungspolitik ist eine viel heiklere , indirektere und ungenauere art , sieger und verlierer zu bestimmen , als haushaltspolitik .
however , monetary policy is a much more awkward , indirect and imprecise way of choosing winners and losers than fiscal policy .
however , monetary policy is a much more delicate , more indirect and inaccurate way of defining victorious , vicious and losers than budgetary policy .
nevertheless , monetary policy is a much more sensitive , more indirect and more precise way of defining , vicious and losers than budgetary policy .

indem die strategische raketenabwehr begrenzt wird , bietet der alte vertrag allen atommächten eine gewisse kalkulierbarkeit der abschreckung .
by limiting strategic missile defense , the old treaty provides a certain predictability of deterrence for all nuclear weapon states .
by restricting strategic missiles , the old treaty offers a certain amount of calmness of deterrence for all nuclear powers .
by restricting the strategic missile missile defence , the old treaty offers a certain calmness of the deterrent .

prompt bewies der tschechische premier milos zeman , dass auch er mit einer demagogischen und nationalistischen karte auftrumpfen konnte .
czech prime minister milos zeman quickly demonstrated that he , too , could play a demagogic nationalist card .
in the short term , the czech prime minister was tired of saying that he was also able to resign with a demagogic and nationalist card .
the czech prime minister immediately pointed out that he was also able to launch a demagogic and nationalist card .

diese schätzungen fielen deshalb so niedrig aus , weil in diesen zahlen noch nicht einmal alle für den staat anfallenden direkten kosten enthalten sind .
its estimate falls so far short because the reported numbers do not even include the full budgetary costs to the government .
that is why these estimates were so low because , in these figures , not even all direct costs are included for the state .
these estimates were so low because , in these figures , not even all the direct costs of direct costs for the state .

dann entschieden die minister einhellig , bis auf eine ausnahme , dass ihre volkswirtschaften mehr desgleichen erdulden sollen , wenn nicht schlimmeres .
then , to a minister , without exception , they all but decided that their economies should suffer more of the same , if not worse .
then the ministers decided unanimously , until an exception , that their economies should be more descended by the same earth if not worse .
then , the ministers unanimously decided , until an exception , that their economies should be more equal to the same earth , if not worse .

doch lässt sich die erfolgreiche wechselwirkung zwischen diesen sektoren nicht herbeiwünschen , dazu ist es wichtig , dass die rolle eines jeden von ihnen deutlich umrissen wird .
but successful interactions between these sectors cannot be wished into existence , and it is essential that the role of each is clearly defined .
however , the successful interaction between these sectors cannot be achieved , and it is important that the role of each of them is clearly remedied .
however , the successful interaction between these sectors cannot be achieved , and it is important that the role of each of them is clearly changed .

auf extrem konservativem niveau beurteilen wir den gesamteffekt auf die wirtschaft , wenn nur etwa 5 oder 10 dollar des ölpreises dem krieg zugeschrieben werden .
being extremely conservative , we estimate the overall effect on the economy if only $ 5 or $ 10 of the increase is attributed to the war .
at an extremely conservative level , we assess the overall impact on the economy if only 5 or 10 dollars of the oil price are written to the war .
at extremely conservative level , we judge the overall effect on the economy if only around 5 or 10 dollars of the oil price are written to the war .

die meisten menschen leben in küstennähe und verfügen daher über guten zugang zum internationalen handel . die mehrheit lebt in städten - ein weiterer wachstumsvorteil .
most people live near the coasts , with good access to international trade , and most live in cities - another advantage for growth .
most people live in cooling and therefore have good access to international trade , and the majority lives in cities - another advantage of growth .
most people live in cows and therefore have good access to international trade , and the majority live in cities - a further advantage for growth .

die demokraten unserer zeit betrachten den größtmöglichen respekt für die autonomie des individuums - in den worten thomas jeffersons - als &quot; selbstverständliches &quot; recht .
for contemporary democrats , the fullest possible respect for the autonomous individual is , as thomas jefferson put it , &quot; self-evident . &quot;
the democrats of our time see the greatest possible respect for the autonomy of the individual - in the words of mr jeffons - as &apos; self-evident &apos; law .
the democrats of our time look at the greatest respect for the autonomy of the individual - in the words of mr jeak - as &apos; self-evident &apos; law .

die parteiführung war durch das trauma des 4. juni derart belastet , dass es über mehrere jahre danach unklar war , ob überhaupt irgendeine reform überleben würde .
so chastened by the trauma of june 4 was the party leadership that , for several years afterwards , it was unclear if any reform would survive .
the party leadership was so burdened by the trauma of 4 june that over several years it was unclear whether any reform would survive at all .
the party leadership was so heavy by the trauma of 4 june that , over several years , it was unclear whether any reform would survive at all .

sie werden erst später zu tage treten und in welchem ausmaß wird davon abhängen , ob es george bush und tony blair gelingt , ihren angriff auf ein weitgehend wehrloses volk zu rechtfertigen .
they will come later , and will depend on whether george bush and tony blair can justify their onslaught on a largely defenseless population .
they will only come to days later and will depend on whether george bush and tony blair are able to justify their attack on a largely defenceless people .
they will only come to days later and will depend on the extent to which george bush and tony blair will succeed in justifying their attack on a largely defensive people .

die lateinamerikanischen mitglieder der &quot; befreundeten nationen &quot; , die in diesem konflikt zu vermitteln versuchen , können bei dem entwurf einer solchen lösung in der tat auf interessante erfahrungen zurückgreifen .
in fact , the latin american members of the &quot; group of friendly nations &quot; trying to mediate this conflict can draw on interesting experiences to design such a solution .
the latin american members of the &apos; friendly nations &apos; , which are trying to communicate in this conflict , can , in fact , use interesting experience in the draft of such a solution .
the latin american members of the &apos; friendly nations &apos; , who are trying to communicate in this conflict , can indeed use an interesting experience in the draft of such a solution .

wahrscheinlich glaubten alle europäischen länder zunächst , dass nicht europäische einwanderer in ähnlicher weise assimiliert werden könnten wie die polnischen immigranten im ruhrgebiet im 19. jahrhundert .
all european countries probably believed at the outset that non-european newcomers could be assimilated in the same way that polish immigrants were assimilated into germany &apos;s ruhr region in the nineteenth century .
probably all european countries thought first of all that not european immigrants could be assimilated in a similar way , such as polish immigrants in the ruhran area in the 19th century .
all european countries probably believed that not european immigrants could be used in similar ways as polish immigrants in the rut region in the 19th century .

die bahnbrechenden erfolge des jahres 1953 beruhten auf der im späten 19. jahrhundert beginnenden berühmten tradition der experimentalphysik in cambridge .
the great breakthroughs of 1953 rested on the strength of experimental physics at cambridge , beginning in the late 19th century .
in 1953 , the railway successes of the year 1953 were based on the famous tradition of experiments in camera , which began in the late 19th century .
the success of the year 1953 was based on the famous tradition of the experimental arduc in camark , which began in the late 19th century .

westliche bürger drängt es nicht , jenen freiheitskämpfern nachzueifern , die ihre welt begründeten - trotz aller feiern , denkmäler und fortdauernden unterdrückung .
western citizens do not rush to emulate the freedom fighters who built their world , despite celebrations , memorials , and the persistence of oppression .
western citizens are not pressing for those who are fighting for freedom , who founded their world - despite all the celebrate , thinking and continuing repression .
western citizens are not pressing for the sake of the freedom fighters who were founded on their world , in spite of all celebrate , commemoration and continuing repression .

die welthandels-organisation ( wto ) soll angeblich nach dem prinzip , ein land - eine stimme &apos; verfahren , tatsächlich bekommt sie ihre vorgehensweise von einer kleinen gruppe von nationen hinter der bühne ausgesucht .
the world trade organization ( wto ) , supposedly run on the principle of one country one vote , actually has its agenda selected behind the stage by a small group of nations .
the world trade organisation ( wto ) is supposed to be seeking , according to the principle , a country - a voice &apos; procedure , in fact , it receives its approach from a small group of nations behind the stage .
the world trade organisation ( wto ) is supposed to be based on the principle , a country - a vote &apos; , in fact , it is going to seek its approach from a small group of nations behind the stage .

im allgemeinen kommen die bürger dieser länder in den genuss von serviceleistungen , die alle bedürfnisse in bezug auf wasser decken , vom trinkwasser über die bewässerung bis hin zum abwasser .
generally , these countries &apos; citizens enjoy services that provide for all water needs , from drinking to irrigation to sanitation .
in general , the citizens of these countries benefit from service provision , which covers all the needs relating to water , from drinking water to water , from water to water .
in general , the citizens of these countries will benefit from service benefits that cover all the needs in relation to water , from drinking water to water .

in wirtschaftlichen fragen sollten diskrepanzen wie jene bezüglich einer einzigen eu-richtlinie nicht darüber hinwegtäuschen dass kein mitglied , egal ob alt oder neu , jemals den binnenmarkt infrage gestellt hat .
in economic matters , disagreements on , say , a single eu regulation should not be allowed to mask the fact that no member state , new or old , has ever contested the internal market .
in economic matters , discrepancies such as those relating to a single eu directive should not hide the fact that no member , whether old or new , has ever asked the internal market .
in economic matters , there should be no misunderstandings like those relating to a single eu directive that no member , whether old or new , has ever asked the internal market .

aber orban ist nicht der einzige , der sich die gunst der wähler zu erkaufen sucht , indem er die erinnerungen an alte geister heraufbeschwört .
but orban is not alone in seeing electoral advantage in summoning the memories of old ghosts .
but orban is not the only one who is looking for the infants of the electorate by resorting to the memory of old hostages .
however , orban is not the only one who is seeking to pay for the voters , by pointing out the memory of old hostages .

bei entsprechender förderung könnten sich argentinien , chile und andere länder als produzenten im high-tech-agrarbereich profilieren , beispielsweise als vorreiter im bereich der agrobiotechnologie .
argentina , chile , and other countries could become high-tech agricultural producers , in the forefront of agro-biotechnology for example , if they put their minds to it .
in the case of appropriate support , argentina , chile and other countries could benefit as producers in the high-tech agricultural sector , for example as the leader in the field of agrobiotechnology .
in the case of appropriate support , argentina , chile and other countries could benefit from producers in the high-tech agricultural sector , for example , as a preparedness in the area of agrobiotechnology .

dazu sind mehr mittel notwendig , die von den hauptnutznießern des arzneimittelverkaufs aufgebracht werden sollten -- der pharmaindustrie ; genauso wie die überwachung der luftfahrtsicherheit von den fluggesellschaften finanziert wird .
this requires more funding , which should come from the main beneficiary of drug sales -- the pharmaceutical industry -- just as oversight of aviation safety is funded by the airlines .
there is a need for more resources to be put off by the main beneficiaries of the sale of medicines - the pharmaceutical industry - as well as the monitoring of air safety by airlines .
more funds are needed , which should be made up of the main beneficiaries of the sale of medicines - the pharmaceutical industry ; just as the monitoring of air safety is financed by airlines .

im jahr 1923 wurde zum leiter der royal institution in london bestellt . dorthin folgten ihm einige hervorragende junge wissenschafter , die sich für seine arbeit mit röntgenstrahlen interessierten .
he became director of the royal institution in london in 1923 , where he attracted some outstanding young scientists interested in the x-ray field .
in 1923 , the head of the royal institution in london was appointed to the head of the royal institution , followed by some excellent young scientific experts who were interested in his work with rtgenome radiation .
in 1923 , the head of the royal institution in london was held in london , and there was some excellent young scientific experts who were interested in his work .

bis jetzt waren die reichen länder , obwohl dort nur 15 % der weltbevölkerung leben , für 75 % des weltweiten kohlendioxid-ausstoßes ( co2 ) und daher für den großteil der umweltschäden verantwortlich .
up to now , with only 15 % of the world &apos;s population , rich countries have been responsible for more than 75 % of global carbon dioxide ( co2 ) emissions , and thus most of the environmental damage .
until now , the rich countries have been rich , even though only 15 % of the world &apos;s population lives , 75 % of global carbon dioxide emissions ( co2 ) and therefore responsible for the majority of environmental damage .
until now , the rich countries , although only 15 % of the world &apos;s population lives , have been responsible for 75 % of global carbon dioxide emissions ( co2 ) and therefore for the majority of environmental damage .

so bezahlen die amerikaner beispielsweise ungefähr 300 milliarden dollar pro jahr für den so genannten &quot; option value &quot; militärischer einsatzbereitschaft -- also für die möglichkeit , im bedarfsfall überall kampfbereit zu sein .
for instance , americans pay some $ 300 billion annually for the &quot; option value &quot; of military preparedness -- being able to fight wherever needed .
for example , the americans pay approximately 300 billion dollars per year for the so-called &apos; de facto &apos; option &apos; - that is to say , for the possibility of being ready to fight everywhere in the event of needs .
for example , the americans pay around 300 billion dollars per year for the so-called &apos; option &apos; military intervention &apos; - that is to say , the possibility of being ready to fight everywhere in the case of the need .

daher erkennen viele heute ideologische etiketten zwar formell an , identifizieren sich mit ihnen aber nur solange , wie das bekenntnis zu einer bestimmten politischen richtung einen fassbaren , kurzfristigen nutzen für sie bringt .
as during those years , many people now formally accept ideological labels but identify with them only as long as such an allegiance to a specific political current has tangible short-term benefits for them .
for this reason , many ideological labels are formally recognised today , but they only identify with them as long as the commitment to a certain political direction brings benefits for them in the short term .
that is why many ideological labels today recognise that they are formally aware of , but only as long as the commitment to a specific political direction makes it possible to use short-term benefits for them .

in ähnlicher weise hat die internationale gemeinschaft im kosovo kaum zeit damit verbracht , den früheren gegnern beim nachdenken über ihre kollektive verantwortung für die gräueltaten zu helfen , unabhängig davon , wie direkt oder indirekt ihre persönliche beteiligung war .
similarly , in kosovo the international community has devoted little time to helping former combatants contemplate their collective responsibility for atrocities , no matter how direct or indirect their personal involvement .
similarly , the international community in kosovo has hardly spent time helping the former opponents to reflect on their collective responsibility for the atrocities , regardless of how directly or indirectly their personal participation was .
in a similar way , the international community in kosovo has hardly spent time in helping the former opponents to reflect their collective responsibility for atrocities , regardless of how directly or indirectly their personal participation was .

die wenigen erfolgsbeispiele ergaben sich in ländern , die nach ihrer eigenen pfeife tanzten . dabei handelte es sich nun wahrlich nicht um musterknaben des neoliberalismus : china , vietnam , indien .
the few instances of success occurred in countries that marched to their own drummers--and that are hardly poster children for neoliberalism .
the few examples of success have been reported in countries which , according to their own plots , were tantamount to muzzling the neo-liberalism : china , vietnam , india .
the few examples of success have been found in countries which , according to their own phins , were not really about the muddling of neo-liberalism : china , vietnam , india .

historisch betrachtet haben die eigenheimpreise eine enorme dynamik entwickelt und die preise in den genannten städten steigen noch immer rasant an , obwohl dieser anstieg schon etwas langsamer vor sich geht , als noch vor einem oder mehreren jahren .
historically , housing prices have shown a lot of momentum , and prices in all these cities are still going up at a brisk rate , though usually somewhat slower than a year or more ago .
historically , domestic prices have developed a huge dynamic and prices in the cities mentioned are still increasing rapidly , even though this increase is a slow one than it was a few years ago .
in historical terms , domestic prices have developed a huge dynamic and prices in the cities mentioned are still growing rapidly , even though this increase is already a little more slow than one or a few years ago .

zwischen den französischen und britischen führern entbrannte ein erhitzter streit , der den darauf folgenden gipfel entgleisen ließ , bevor groß britannien im juli die rotierende eu-präsidentschaft für sechs monate übernahm .
french and british leaders engaged in a heated quarrel that derailed the subsequent summit , before britain assumed the rotating six-month eu presidency in july .
a heated dispute between the french and british leaders , which led to the following summit , before the big business took over the rotating presidency for six months in july .
there was a heated dispute between the french and british leaders , which left the following summit before a great deal of information took over the eu presidency for six months in july .

wenn große mengen an gütern , geld und wissen rund um die welt fließen , bedeutet das , dass ausländische organisationen und individuen mehr einfluss erlangen und es den nationalen regierungen zunehmend schwerer machen , ihre länder selbst zu führen .
increased flows of goods , money , and knowledge around the world mean that foreign organizations and individuals become more influential , making it increasingly difficult for national governments manage their countries by themselves .
if there are large quantities of goods , money and knowledge around the world , that means that foreign organisations and individuals will gain more influence and will make it increasingly difficult for national governments to lead their own countries .
if large quantities of goods , money and knowledge go around the world , this means that foreign organisations and individual individuals will gain more influence and make it increasingly difficult for national governments to lead their own countries .

sie sind besser imstande , ihren ideologischen überschwang im zaum zu halten , und können selbst in erbitterten debatten gut mit fortgesetzten zweifeln leben , wer denn nun recht hat . sie gestehen wissenslücken ein und erkennen die legitimität gegensätzlicher ansichten an .
they are comfortable with protracted uncertainty about who is right even in bitter debates , conceding gaps in their knowledge and granting legitimacy to opposing views .
they are better able to keep their ideological surplus in the room , and even in bitter debates , they can live with well-founded doubts , who is right now , and they recognise a lack of knowledge and recognise the legitimacy of opposing views .
they are better able to keep their ideological surpluses in the space , and even in tough debates , they can live well with doubts who are now right , and they are familiar with knowledge gaps and recognise the legitimacy of conflicting views .

diejenigen , die dem us-produktivitätstrend nacheifern möchten , müssen sich damit auseinandersetzen , wie sie es finden , wenn großhandelsmärkte überall in der landschaft wie pilze aus dem boden schießen und kleinere einzelhändler platt machen .
those who would aim to emulate us productivity trends must come to grips with how they feel about big-box stores sprouting across their countryside &apos;s , driving down wages and plowing under smaller-scale retailers .
those who would like to see the us productivity beside must look at the way in which they find it when large trade markets are sophisticated everywhere in the landscape , such as pill from the ground and smaller retailers .
those who would like to see us productivity in the same way need to look at how they find it when big commercial markets are being swallowed around the countryside , such as pill from the ground and smaller retailers .

durch die vom papst für die katholische kirche formulierte strategie und seine fähigkeit , millionen von gläubigen für seine sache zu mobilisieren , erübrigte sich stalins frage : , , wie viele divisionen hat der papst ? &quot;
the strategy formulated by the pope for the catholic church , and his ability to mobilize millions of believers in its cause , meant that no one could ever again repeat stalin &apos;s question : &quot; how many divisions does the pope have ? &quot;
by means of the strategy defined by the pope for the catholic church and its ability to mobilise millions of creditors for its cause , we wonder : how many pope has the pope &apos; ?
through the strategy drawn up by the pope for the catholic church , and its ability to mobilise millions of creditors for their cause , there was no question : how many distrust has the pope ? &apos;

so wurde nämlich 1950 die entscheidung zur verteidigung südkoreas nur gefällt , weil stalin seinen diplomaten befahl , die uno zu boykottieren . es war also kein sowjetischer botschafter da , der ein veto hätte einlegen können .
indeed , the decision to defend south korea from attack in 1950 was taken by the council only because stalin ordered his diplomats to boycott un proceedings , which meant that no soviet ambassador was around to cast a veto .
in fact , in 1950 , the decision on the defence of south korea was only taken , because stalin was beating his diplomats to boycott the un , so it was not a soviet ambassador who could have brought a veto .
in fact , in 1950 , the decision on defence of south korea was only like because stalin recommended his diplomlin to boycott the un , so it was not a soviet ambassador who could have veto a veto .

umfassende forschungsarbeiten zu alternativen modellen wurden ironischerweise ausgerechnet vom us-verteidigungsministerium finanziert , das der weltweit größte abnehmer komplexer maschinen ist und an besseren , billigeren und stärker auf individuelle anforderungen zugeschnittenen waren interessiert war .
ironically , extensive research into alternative models was funded through the us department of defense , which , as the world &apos;s largest buyer of complex machinery , wanted better , cheaper and more tailored goods .
ironically financed by the us department of defence , which is the world &apos;s largest owner of complex machinery and which has been interested in better , cheaper and more in individual requirements .
ironically , the us defence ministry , which is the largest of complex machinery in the world and has been interested in better , cheaper and more flexible and more specific requirements , has been financed by the us defence ministry , which is the largest players in the world .

nachdem großbritannien zu den nachdrücklichsten befürwortern einer eu-erweiterung und der aufnahme der kandidatenländer aus mittel- und osteuropa gehörte , hätte man sich von der regierung blair im lauf der budgetverhandlungen auch eine entsprechende großzügigkeit gegenüber den neumitgliedern erwartet .
since britain had been one of the most insistent advocates of enlargement of the eu to the candidates from central and eastern europe , one might have expected that the blair government would have wished to be correspondingly generous to the new-comers in the conduct of the budgetary negotiations .
now that britain was one of the most strong supporters of an eu enlargement and the accession of the candidate countries from central and eastern europe , the blair government would have expected a great deal of generosity towards the new members in the course of the budgetary negotiations .
after britain was the most strong supporters of an eu enlargement and the accession of the candidate countries from central and eastern europe , the blair government would have expected an appropriate generosity to the new members in the course of the budget negotiations .

aber jeder versuch , den haushaltspolitischen spielraum der amerikanischen regierung beispielsweise durch regelungen in der art eines stabilitätspaktes wie dem berüchtigten gramm-rudman-gesetz aus der clinton-ära zu beschneiden , endet , angesichts des von präsident und kongress ausgeübten drucks , ausnahmslos im zusammenbruch der regelungen .
but any attempt to limit the fiscal discretion of america &apos;s federal government in the manner of the stability pact-for example , the infamous gramm / rudman rules of the clinton era-always collapse in the end in the face of presidential and congressional pressure .
however , any attempt to reduce the budgetary room for manoeuvre of the american government , for example , through rules such as the kind of stability pact , such as the notorious gram ruman-made law from the clinton era , ends up without exception in the collapse of the rules , in view of the pressure imposed by president and congress .
however , any attempt to reduce the budgetary margin of the american government , for example , through regulations in the form of a stability pact , such as the notorious ruman-ruman-law law from the ltte era , will end , given the pressure of president and congress , without exception in the collapse of the rules .

jeder hat ein interesse an einer welt , in der gewalt nur als letztes mittel angewandt und terrorismus geächtet wird , in der massenvernichtungswaffen weder verbreitet noch verwendet werden , freier handel die regel ist , bürgern ihre grundlegenden freiheitsrechte garantiert werden , demokratische werte siegen und die rechtsstaatlichkeit das gebot der waffe ersetzt .
everyone has an interest in a world in which force is used only as a last resort , terrorism is regarded as beyond the pale , weapons of mass destruction do not spread and are not used , free trade becomes the norm , citizens enjoy basic liberties , democratic values triumph , and the rule of law replaces the way of the gun .
every one of us has an interest in a world where violence is used only as a last resort and terrorism , where weapons of mass destruction are not spread or used , free trade is the rule of law which guarantees their fundamental rights of freedom , democratic values and the rule of law replace the rule of law .
everyone has an interest in a world where violence is used only as a last tool and terrorism , in which weapons of mass destruction are not spread or used , free trade is the rule that guarantees their fundamental rights of freedom , democratic values and the rule of law replace the rule of law .

den verschiedenen konservativen parteien ist es nicht gelungen , sich für einen modus operandi der politischen rechten zu entscheiden , entweder ausgerichtet am beispiel der traditionellen ideologie westlicher prägung oder als spezifisch ungarische spielart mit einer mischung aus nationalistischem konservatismus und populismus .
various rightist parties failed to decide whether the modus operandi on the political right should be traditional western ideologies or a hungarian brand of nationalist conservatism and populism .
it has not been possible for a modus operandi of political rights to decide for a modus operandi , either on the example of traditional ideology of west preparedness or as a specific hungarian toys , with a mixture of nationalist conservative conservatives and populism .
it has not been possible for the various conservative parties to decide for a modus andi of political rights , either on the example of the traditional ideology of western ideology or as a specific hungarian toys with a mixture of nationalist conservative and populism .

bernals wissenschaftliches hauptinteresse galt ursprünglich der atomstruktur von kristallen , metallen und mineralien . später wandte er sich der struktur von hormonen und sterinen und einigen aminosäuren , den bausteinen der proteine , zu .
bernal &apos;s main scientific interest was initially the atomic structure of crystals , metals , and minerals , then of hormones and sterols--and of some amino acids , the building blocks of proteins .
as a scientific priority , the nuclear structure was originally one of the main interests of all metallic , metal and minerals , and later it changed the structure of hormones and sterills and some amidgates , the building of protein .
first of all , the nuclear structure of all metal , metal and minerals , and later it changed the structure of hormones and a number of amiceans and some amoilors , the building of protein , was one of the plants of protein .

selbst die heute allgemein geächtete importsubstitution wurde von den entwicklungsländern ursprünglich mit gutem ( oder schlechtem ) grund eingeführt : die protektionistische abschottung der märkte in den industrialisierten ländern während der großen depression hatte verheerende folgen für die volkswirtschaften in den entwicklungsländern .
even the import-substitution policies , now universally scorned , were originally adopted by the developing world for good ( as well as bad ) reasons : the protectionist shutting-off of developed-country markets during the great depression which had disastrous consequences for the developing economies .
the fact that , even today , the import ban , which has been generally accepted , was originally introduced by developing countries with good reason ( or worse ) : the protectionist shooting of markets in the industrialised countries during the major decentralized consequences for the economies of developing countries .
the first reason for introducing the import of imports , which has been generally applied today , was introduced by the developing countries in good ( or worse ) : the protectionist shores of the markets in the industrialised countries during the large decentralized effects on the economies of developing countries .

die länder lateinamerikas sollten darauf abzielen , ihre ausgaben in diesen bereichen auf 2 % ihres bsp ( von momentan 0,5 % ) zu erhöhen . gelingen sollte dies teilweise durch öffentliche unterstützung für laboratorien und universitäten und teilweise durch anreize für privatwirtschaftliche f &amp; e. außerdem sollte man für multinationale high-tech-konzerne den roten teppich ausrollen , so wie asien dies getan hat .
latin american countries should aim to increase spending to around 2 % of gnp ( from 0.5 % currently ) , partly through public support for laboratories and universities and partly through incentives for private-sector r &amp; d. they should roll out the red carpet for high-tech multinational firms , just as asia has done .
mr president , commissioner , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to say that , in this area , it is important for latin american countries to increase their expenditure to 2 % of their gnp ( from 0.5 % to 5 % at the moment ) , partly through public support for laboratories and universities and partly through incentives for private companies for multinational multinationals , which i would like to know how much this has been done , as i did .
it should be possible to increase its expenditure in these areas to 2 % of its gdp ( currently 0.5 % ) , which should partly be achieved by public support for laboratory universities and , in part , incentives for private companies , for multinational companies , which should also be used for the high-tech companies , as i have done , as i have done so .

die briten haben sich lange über die ungerechtigkeit dieser spielregeln beschwert , vor allem im hinblick auf die tatsache , dass großbritannien eines der relativ ärmeren mitgliedsländer war . im jahr 1984 forderte margret thatchers konservative regierung deshalb einen massiven rabatt auf die nettobeitragsleistungen in das eu-budget und bekam ihn auch zugestanden .
the british long complained of the unfairness of these rules , especially in view of the fact that the uk was one of the relatively poorer member states ; and in 1984 , margaret thatcher &apos;s conservative government demanded , and got , a massive rebate on its net contribution to the eu budget .
in particular , with regard to the fact that a relatively poorer member state was called for in 1984 , the british government called for a massive rebate on net benefits in the eu budget for a long time .
in the light of the fact that , in the case of a relatively poorer member state , a relatively poorer member state was asked for a massive government to pay the net services in the eu and the eu ’ s net budget , particularly in view of the fact that a relatively poorer member state was a relatively poorer member state .

