erstens müssen wir unseren gesellschaftsvertrag aktualisieren .
first , we must update our social contract .
firstly , we must update our social contract .
firstly , we must update our social treaty .

doch muss es die richtige steuer sein .
but it has to be the right tax .
however , it must be the right tax .
however , it must be the right tax .

dann kamen die neunziger jahre .
then came the 1990s .
then the nineties came the nineties .
then the ninth years came .

entscheidend ist also nicht die
so it is not the
therefore , it is not crucial that this is not the case .
that is why it is not essential to do so .

sie haben die
they have embraced the
you have the people .
you have you .

solche institutionen aufzubauen und widerstandsfähig zu machen kostet allerdings zeit .
building and solidifying these institutions , however , takes time .
however , such institutions are building and resurrecting resistance .
however , such institutions are building and capable of making it possible for time .

für den kosovo gibt es keine realistische lösung außer der unabhängigkeit .
no realistic solution exists for kosovo but independence .
there is no realistic solution for kosovo except independence .
there is no realistic solution for kosovo , apart from independence .

außerdem muss das prinzip der souveränität selbst neu definiert werden .
moreover , the principle of sovereignty itself needs redefinition .
in addition , the principle of sovereignty itself must be redefined .
furthermore , the principle of sovereignty itself must be redefined .

aber der volltext seiner rede verrät alles .
yet the full text of his speech tells it all .
however , the full text of his speech leaves everything .
however , the full text of his speech makes everything possible .

das gleiche befürchtet man nun auch in europa .
the same thing , they fear , will happen in europe .
the same fear is now being feared in europe .
the same fears are now being feared in europe too .

in sydney fielen die eigenheimpreise im zweiten quartal sogar .
in sydney , home prices actually fell in the second quarter .
in syddda , domestic prices in the second quarter have even gone .
in syddles , domestic prices were even in the second quarter of the second quarter .

der präsident hatte nämlich keine politische entscheidung gefällt , sondern uns einen persönlichen gefallen erwiesen .
the president had not made a political decision ; he had bestowed a personal favor .
indeed , the president did not like a political decision , but proved to be a personal one .
after all , the president did not like a political decision , but has shown us a personal success .

im parlament wird geredet , bevor entscheidungen gefällt werden - daher auch sein name .
parliaments talk before reaching conclusions ; hence their name .
it will be discussed in parliament before decisions are taken - that is why its name will be called .
it will be discussed in parliament before decisions will be taken - that is why it will be its name .

bush and blair sollten nachweisen , dass die un-waffeninspektionen gescheitert sind .
bush and blair should demonstrate that the un inspection process was failing .
mr bush and mr blair should prove that the un weapons inspections failed .
bush and blair should prove that the un arms inspections have failed .

so könnte sich der politische aufruhr in russland und europa legen .
so political turmoil with russia and europe might be calmed .
this could lead to political upheaval in russia and europe .
this could be the political anger in russia and europe .

ohne die kooperation mit russischen menschenrechtsorganisationen aus dem nichtstaatlichen bereich wird das allerdings beinahe unmöglich sein .
this will be all but impossible without cooperation with non-governmental human rights organizations in russia .
however , without cooperation with russian human rights organisations from the non-state area , this will be almost impossible .
without cooperation with russian human rights organisations from the non-state area , however , this will be almost impossible .

man sprach entspannt über institutionen , demokratische prozeduren und die achtung des gesetzes .
each spoke easily about institutions , democratic procedures , and respect for the rule of law .
you spoke about institutions , democratic procedures and respect for the law .
we were talking about institutions , democratic procedures and respect for the law .

die politischen systeme dieser länder waren auf kleine , stationäre , ländliche bevölkerungen zugeschnitten .
the political systems of these countries were tailored to small , static , rural populations .
the political systems of these countries were restricted to small , deployment , rural populations .
the political systems of these countries were reduced to small , operational , rural populations .

das mag vielleicht so sein , doch gibt es dabei auch eine schattenseite der reife .
while this may be true , there is a downside to maturity .
this may be the case , but there is also a shadow side of maturity .
that may perhaps be the case , but there is also a shadow side of maturity .

in seinen erklärungen kritisiert der papst häufig den individualismus auf kosten kollektiver werte .
a critique of individualism in the name of collective values occurs frequently in the pope &apos;s pronouncements .
in its statements , the pope often criticises individual sovereignty at the expense of collective values .
in its statements , the pope often criticises individual values at the expense of collective values .

man hat für diese alle möglichen erklärungen angeführt und dabei gewöhnlich die fehler der afrikaner in den mittelpunkt gestellt .
every conceivable explanation has been given , usually focusing on what africans do wrong .
all these possible declarations have been made , usually at the heart of the mistakes of africans .
it has been put in place for all these possible statements and usually at the heart of the errors of the africans .

ebenso wenig geht es uns um eine beurteilung , ob es kostengünstigere wege zur finanzierung dieses krieges gegeben hätte .
nor do we attempt to assess whether there were more cost-effective ways of waging the war .
nor is it a matter of assessing whether there would have been more cost-effective ways of financing this war .
nor do we have an assessment of whether there would have been cheaper ways to finance this war .

die politische diskussion wandte sich dann zur großen freude des imf und der weltbank den kapitalkonten zu .
the policy debate then turned to capital-account convertibility , with the imf and the world bank strongly in favor .
the political discussion then turned to the great joy of the world bank and the world bank to make the capital accounts .
the political discussion then changed the great pleasure of the project and the world bank of capital accounts .

sowohl moskau als auch washington weisen auf mögliche tiefe einschnitte bei ihren offensiven atomarsenalen hin .
both moscow and washington hint at possible deep cuts in their offensive nuclear arsenals .
both moscow and washington point to possible deep cuts in their open nuclear arsenals .
both moscow and washington refer to possible deep cuts in their open nuclear arsenal .

aber zumal sie nach und nach ausscheidet , scheint vielleicht ein licht am ende des tunnels .
but as they fade away , there could be some light at the end of the tunnel .
however , it seems to be a light at the end of the tunnel , especially since it is coming to an end , and it may seem to be the end of the tunnel .
however , given that it seems to be a light , perhaps at the end of the tunnel .

vielleicht die erste lektion für die politischen entscheidungsträger im westen ist , dass virtuelle unternehmen auf einer kultur des vertrauens beruhen .
perhaps the first lesson for western policymakers is that virtual enterprises run on a culture of trust .
perhaps the first lesson for political decision-makers in the west is that virtual companies are based on a culture of confidence .
perhaps the first lesson for political leaders in the west is that virtual companies are based on a culture of trust .

china zog im jahr 2002 52.7 milliarden $ an fdi ins land , den größten zustrom der welt .
china attracted fdi inflows of us $ 52.7 billion in 2002--the largest in the world .
china received 52.7 billion in fdi in 2002 , the largest influx of the world .
china , in 2002 , contributed 52.7 billion to fdi to the country , the largest influx of the world .

damit verbunden ist die nordeuropäische unzufriedenheit über die zentralbanker , besonders über die ezb und den euro .
coupled with all this is northern european discontent with the central bankers , specifically with the ecb and the euro .
this involves the north american dissatisfaction about the central banks , especially about the ecb and the euro .
this is linked to the north people &apos;s dissatisfaction about the central banks , particularly via the ecb and the euro .

sich auf eine solche herangehensweise einzulassen , bedeutet bei weitem nicht , von den allgemeinen wirtschaftsgrundsätzen abzurücken .
adopting this approach does not mean abandoning mainstream economics--far from it .
turning to such a approach does not mean far from withdrawing from the general economic principles .
this approach does not mean that the general economic principles are rejected .

es gibt anzeichen , dass die syrer auch in anderen fragen unfähig sind , die amerikanischen absichten zu begreifen .
there are signs that the syrians are unable to gauge american intentions on other issues as well .
there are signs that the syrians are also unable to understand the american intentions in other matters .
there are signs that the syrians are also unable to understand the american intentions .

es ist unfair , krankenhausärzten die schuld für schwere nebenwirkungen zu geben , solange vollständige sicherheitsinformationen fehlen .
it is unfair to blame clinicians for serious adr &apos;s , particularly in the absence of complete safety information .
it is unfair to give hospital doctors the blame for serious side effects as long as complete safety formations are missing .
it is unfair to give hospital doctors the blame for serious effects , as long as full safety formations are lacking .

die uno und andere globale organisationen sind vielleicht in gewissen zeiten am besten geeignet , die außenpolitischen ziele der us in angriff zu nehmen .
the un and other global frameworks may sometimes be best placed to address us foreign policy goals .
the un and other global organisations may be best placed at some time to tackle the foreign policy objectives of the us .
the un and other global organisations may be best used in some times to tackle the external objectives of the us .

wenn diese investitionen sämtliche teile lateinamerikas , die armen und die reichen , erfassen , werden sich die aussichten dieser region enorm verbessern .
if these investments reach all parts of latin america , rich and poor , the region &apos;s prospects will brighten enormously .
if these investments include all parts of latin america , the poor and the rich , then the prospects of this region will be greatly improved .
if these investments cover all parts of latin america , the poor and the rich , the prospects of this region will greatly improve .

ebenso sollten wir unseren nachfahren gegenüber freigiebig sein , wenn wir heute den armen der welt gegenüber geizig sind .
likewise , if we are stingy today toward the world &apos;s poor , we should be lavish toward our descendents .
we should also be able to make our efforts to free up , if we are today facing the poor of the world .
we should also be in favour of our follow-up if we are today to the poor in the world .

es herrscht allerdings wenig zweifel darüber , dass dieser wert erheblich gesunken ist und sich in den nächsten jahren wenig daran ändern wird .
but there is little doubt that the option value has been greatly impaired and will likely remain so for several years .
however , there is little doubt that this value has fallen considerably and will not change it in the next few years .
there is little doubt , however , that this value has fallen considerably and will not change in the next few years .

viele menschen haben das gefühl , die türkei passe einfach nicht in eine europäische gesellschaft , die auf christlichen traditionen und christlicher kultur aufbaut .
many feel that turkey simply does not fit into a european society based on christian traditions and culture .
many people have the feeling that turkey is simply not building into a european society based on christian traditions and christian culture .
many people feel that turkey is simply not in a european society based on christian traditions and christian culture .

denn menschen , die sich darauf eingestellt haben , in einem totalitären staat zu leben , lernen nicht so leicht , was mitbestimmung heißt .
for people accustomed to living in a totalitarian state , learn what participation means is not easy .
because people who have stopped living in a totalitarian state are not so easy to learn what co-determination means .
people who have stopped living in a totalitarian state are not so easy to learn what the co-decision means .

die defizite in japan führten zu einer staatlichen schuldenlast von 140 % des jährlichen bip , ohne damit irgendetwas zur wirtschaftlichen belebung beizutragen .
japan &apos;s public deficits spawned a national debt of 140 % of annual gdp , without producing any economic resurgence .
the deficits in japan resulted in a public debt burden of 140 % of annual gdp , without contributing anything to economic recovery .
the deficits in japan resulted in a state debt burden of 140 % of annual gdp without contributing anything to economic recovery .

rosigen szenarien , die nur zu 15 % wirklichkeit wurden , wiesen sie eintrittswahrscheinlichkeiten von 65 % zu .
they assigned probabilities of 65 % to rosy scenarios that materialized only 15 % of the time .
rosily scenarios , which were only 15 % of the reality , were rejected by 65 % .
there are only 15 % scenarios that have been reality , they referred to the possibility of 65 % .

tatsächlich war das erste jahrzehnt seines pontifikats geprägt von seinem kampf gegen die diktatur - vor allem gegen die kommunistische diktatur .
indeed , the central feature of the first decade of the pope &apos;s reign was his struggle against dictatorship--communist dictatorship in particular .
in fact , the first decade of its ponticat was marked by its fight against dictatorship - especially against the communist dictatorship .
indeed , the first decade of his pontifis was marked by his fight against the dictatorship - especially against the communist dictatorship .

wenn man als werkzeug nur einen hammer hat , sieht jedes problem aus wie ein nagel , wie der volksmund sagt .
if all you have to work with is a hammer , as the saying goes , every problem looks like a nail .
if you only have a hammer as a tool , each problem looks like a nail , as the men and women say .
when you only have a critical tool , each problem is like a nake , as the people of the people and say .

fünfundzwanzig jahre nachdem johannes paul ii nach rom ging , bleiben wir polen dankbar , dass er uns geholfen hat , unsere freiheit wiederzuerlangen .
twenty-five years after john paul ii left poland for rome , we poles remain grateful to him for having helped us regain our freedom .
twenty-five years after john paul ii went to rome , we are grateful to poland that it has helped us restore our freedom .
twenty years after john paul ii went to rome , we are grateful to poland that he has helped us to recover our freedom .

wenn massenvernichtungswaffen anderswo entdeckt werden , muss es darüber hinaus eine erklärung geben , warum die inspektoren diese nicht innerhalb einer realistischen zeitspanne hätten finden können .
there should also be an explanation , if weapons of mass destruction are uncovered at other sites , as to why the inspectors could not have found such weapons in a realistic period of time .
if weapons of mass destruction are detected elsewhere , there must also be a statement on why inspectors could not have found them within a realistic period of time .
if weapons of mass destruction are discovered elsewhere , there must also be a statement on why the inspectors could not have found them within a realistic period .

wer heute in asien politik macht , ist mit einer ganz anderen lage konfrontiert , als jener , vor die sich seine vorgänger vor fünfzig jahren gestellt sahen .
today &apos;s asian policymakers confront a very different environment from that faced by their predecessors fifty years ago .
anyone who is in power in asia today is facing a very different situation than those who saw his predecessors fifty years ago .
anyone who is now in asia is facing a very different situation than those who were in his predecessor 50 years ago .

und mit diesen umschreibungen haben sie auf subtile art blixens bericht so verändert , dass er amerikas kriegsgründen entsprach .
the paraphrasing would subtly change blix &apos;s comments to suit america &apos;s case for war .
with these prescriptions , they have changed the subsistence nature of the report in such a way that he spoke of america for war reasons .
and with these revocation , you have changed on a subvertical report in such a way that he referred to america for war reasons .

nur indem er die arbeiterpartei von shimon peres in sein kabinett holte , konnte sharon die parlamentarische mehrheit beibehalten .
only by bringing shimon peres &apos;s labor party into his cabinet did sharon manage to retain his parliamentary majority .
only by keeping the working party of shimon peres in his cabinet could sharon maintain the parliamentary majority .
only by maintaining the working party of shimon peres in his cabinet , sharon was able to maintain the parliamentary majority .

damit eine demokratie funktioniert , muss sie andererseits genügend zeit haben , um die unterstützung der gewählten volksvertreter zu gewinnen , um gesetze zu verabschieden und ihr politisches programm umzusetzen .
an effective democracy must give them enough time to win the support of those elected to legislate and to carry out their program .
for a democracy to work , it must have sufficient time to gain the support of elected representatives in order to adopt laws and implement their political programme .
for a democracy to work , on the other hand , it must have sufficient time to win the support of the elected representatives in order to adopt laws and implement their political programme .

ausgeschlossen und mit trostlosen lebensperspektiven machen insbesondere junge leute oft die erfahrung der anomie und greifen unter umständen zu unsozialem verhalten , einschließlich gewalt .
excluded and facing bleak life prospects , young people , in particular , often experience anomie and may turn to anti-social behavior , including violence .
in particular , young people often make the experience of the anomaly and attack , under circumstances , insocial behaviour , including violence .
in particular , young people are often excluded from the experience of the anomaly and , under circumstances , of unsocial behaviour , including violence .

in den 30er jahren des vergangenen jahrhunderts war der liebste stein des anstoßes einiger mitteleuropäischer länder &quot; der vertrag von versailles &quot; .
in the 1930s , the pet hate of some central european countries was &quot; the versailles order . &quot;
in the 1930s of the last century , the truest stone of the anger of some central european countries was the treaty of versailles .
in the 30-years of the last century , the most popular block of the anger of some central european countries was &apos; the treaty of versailles &apos; .

im ausland registrierte indische firmen können im ausland eigentum erwerben und firmen im inland dürfen ausländische handelsschulden von bis zu 100 millionen $ vorzeitig zurückzahlen .
indian companies listed abroad can buy property in foreign countries , and resident firms will be allowed to pre-pay external commercial debt up to us $ 100 million .
indian companies registered abroad can buy property abroad and companies must be able to pay up to 100 million early stages in foreign trade debt .
in abroad , india companies registered abroad can buy property abroad and companies can return to foreign trade debt from up to 100 million early .

währungspolitik kann im gleichen ausmaß wie haushaltspolitik zur wirtschaftlichen stimulierung genutzt werden , vielleicht sogar noch mehr , worauf es politiker vor allem in wahljahren abgesehen haben .
monetary policy can be used to stimulate an economy just as much as fiscal policy , if not more , in election years , which politicians will always want to do .
monetary policy can be used to the same extent as budgetary policy to stimulate economic growth , perhaps even more , as politicians have , above all , left aside in electoral years .
monetary policy can be used in the same scale as budgetary policy for economic recovery , perhaps even more , as politicians have said , above all in electoral years .

ich wette , dass es in manchen ehrgeizigen glamour-städten weiterhin zu einem verlangsamten wachstum - und letztlich zu einer senkung - der eigenheimpreise kommen wird .
i am betting that some high-flying glamour cities will continue to see decelerating growth in home prices - and eventually decreases .
i venture to see that , in some ambitious lamb cities , there will continue to be a slow-down in growth - and ultimately a reduction - in domestic prices .
i would like to say that , in some ambitious glamb cities , there will continue to be a slow-down growth - and at the end of the day a reduction in domestic prices .

seit dem fall des kommunismus kränkeln die mitte-rechts-parteien in der tschechischen republik , ungarn , polen und der slowakei an uneinigkeit und fehlenden visionen .
since communism &apos;s fall , center right parties in the czech republic , hungary , poland , and slovakia have suffered from disunity and a lack of vision .
since the fall of communism , the centre-right parties in the czech republic , hungary , poland and slovakia have been divided and lack of vision .
since the case of communism , the centre-right parties in the czech republic , hungary , poland and slovakia have been disunity and lack of vision .

jetzt ist der ehemalige chinesische ministerpräsident und generalsekretär der kommunistischen partei zhao ziyang also gestorben . die von ihm aufgestellte politische agenda ist schon längst tot .
so , at last former chinese premier and communist party general secretary zhao ziyang has died .
now the former chinese prime minister and secretary-general of the communist party of zhao ziyang have died , and the political agenda he has set up has been dead for a long time .
now , the former chinese prime minister and secretary-general of the communist party , zhao ziyang , has now died , and the political agenda he set out has long been dead .

viele eu-länder machen sich sorgen um die konsequenzen , die eine gebietsabtrennung mit sich bringt , und ebenso um die auswirkungen der unabhängigkeit des kosovo auf die serbische demokratie .
many european union countries are worried about the implications of taking away a country &apos;s territory , as well as the impact of kosovo &apos;s independence on serbian democracy .
many eu countries are concerned about the consequences of regional separation , and also about the impact of kosovo &apos;s independence on serbian democracy .
many eu countries are concerned about the consequences that bring about territorial separation and also the impact of kosovo &apos;s independence on serbian democracy .

der irak war ein immenses &quot; projekt &quot; , aber jetzt stellt sich heraus , dass die berechnung seiner nutzen überaus fehlerhaft und jene der kosten praktisch nicht existent ist .
the iraq war was an immense &quot; project , &quot; yet it now appears that the analysis of its benefits was greatly flawed and that of its costs virtually absent .
iraq was a huge &apos; project &apos; , but now it is becoming apparent that the calculation of its benefits is extremely flawed and that the cost is virtually non-existent .
iraq was a huge &apos; project &apos; , but it is now becoming clear that the calculation of its benefits is extremely flawed and that the costs are virtually not .

seine grundidee bestand darin , bei hunderten von experten tausende von vorhersagen über das schicksal dutzender länder einzuholen und diese anschließend in bezug auf ihre treffgenauigkeit zu bewerten .
the basic idea was to solicit thousands of predictions from hundreds of experts about the fates of dozens of countries , and then score the predictions for accuracy .
his basic idea was to obtain thousands of experts on the fate of dozens of countries in hundreds of experts and then to assess them in terms of their accuracy .
his basic point was that hundreds of experts have received thousands of forecasts about the fate of dozens of countries , and then to assess them in terms of their accuracy .

das wichtigste strategische ziel meines büros ist , den menschen zu erklären , wie sie ihre rechte besser verteidigen können und die behörden dazu zu bringen , die beschwerden der gewöhnlichen russischen bürger zu berücksichtigen .
the most important strategic goal of my office is that people learn how to defend their rights better , and to make the authorities take the complaints of ordinary russians into consideration .
the most important strategic objective of my office is to explain to people how they can defend their rights better and to encourage the authorities to take account of the complaints of ordinary russian citizens .
the most important strategic objective of my office is to explain to people how they can better defend their rights and to bring the authorities to bear in mind the complaints of ordinary russian citizens .

zwei monate später erfolgte der zweite wissenschaftliche durchbruch , als max perutz eine methode zur strukturaufklärung großer moleküle wie myoglobin und hämoglobin entwickelte .
a second major advance came a few months later , when max perutz discovered a technique to determine the structures of large molecules like myoglobin and hemoglobin .
two months later , the second scientific breakthrough took place when max perate a method of structural education for large molecules such as myounbin and sophisticated mogloss .
two months later , the second scientific breakthrough took place , when max perperpered was a method for the structural education of large molelle , such as myorean rillo and morimony .

die westeuropäischen volkswirtschaften sind weiterhin gewachsen -- wenn auch nicht so schnell , wie sie hätten wachsen können -- trotz der schweren bürde von mitunter über 10 % unbeschäftigten arbeitskräften .
west european economies have continued to grow -- albeit not as rapidly as they might have -- despite bearing the heavy burden of the unemployed 10 % or more of the labor force .
the western european economies continue to grow up - although not as quickly as they could have grown - despite the severe burden of over 10 % of workers .
the western european economies continue to rise - albeit not as quickly as they could have grown - despite the serious burden of more than 10 % workers , despite sometimes more than 10 % .

doch wenn man sich die heutigen wirtschaftlichen probleme der euro-zone ansieht , dann rangiert die gefahr langfristiger , hoher nominalzinsen nicht einmal unter den ersten zehn bedenken der investoren .
but if you look at the euro zone &apos;s economic problems today , the danger of high long-term nominal interest rates does not even rank among investors &apos; top ten concerns .
if we look at today &apos;s economic problems in the euro zone , then the risk of long-term , high nominations is not even among the first ten concerns of investors .
however , if we look at the current economic problems of the euro area , the risk of long-term , high nominations is not even under the first ten concerns of investors .

die opposition hätte am liebsten einen volksentscheid nach dem motto , soll chávez gehen oder bleiben &apos; , den sie aller wahrscheinlichkeit nach gewinnen würde - und den chávez niemals akzeptieren würde .
the opposition prefers an &quot; up-or-down &quot; vote on chávez &apos;s continuation in office , which it would most likely win--and which chávez will never accept .
the opposition would have been the most popular referendum after the slogan , if chávez were to go or stay , which it would probably win - and the chávez would never accept .
the opposition would have liked to have a referendum on the basis that chávez should go or remain &apos; , which it would probably gain - and the chávez would never accept .

durch den absturz der aktienpreise in den meisten ländern seit dem jahr 2000 erscheinen finanzanlagen weniger sicher , wodurch eine &quot; flucht in die qualität &quot; eingesetzt hat - in diesem falle zu eigenheimen .
the crash in equity prices since 2000 in most countries has made financial assets look less secure , spurring a &quot; flight to quality &quot; - in this case , housing .
as a result of the fall in the prices in most countries since 2000 , financial facilities appear to be less secure , which has used a &apos; flight &apos; to the quality &apos; - in this case too secret .
in most countries since the year 2000 , financial installations seem less secure , which has used a &apos; refuge in quality &apos; - in this case too secret .

politiker -- wie jacques chirac in frankreich , silvio berlusconi in italien und auch ecofin ( die finanzminister der eu-mitgliedsstaaten ) -- drängen nach wie vor auf stabile , sogar noch niedrigere zinssätze .
politicians -- like jacques chirac in france , silvio berlusconi in italy , and ecofin ( the finance ministers of the european union &apos;s member states ) -- continue to press for fixed , even lower , interest rates .
politicians - such as jacques chirac in france , silvio berlusconi in italy and ecofin ( the finance ministers of the eu member states ) continue to press for stable , even lower interest rates .
politicians - like jacques chirac in france , silvio berlusconi in italy and ecofin ( the finance ministers of the eu member states ) continue to insist on stable , even lower interest rates .

heute jedoch müssen wir faszination und dankbarkeit beiseite lassen und anerkennen , dass das streben nach europäischer integration auch weiterhin im besten interesse der usa liegt , die es 50 jahre lang unterstützt hat .
but today we must move away from fascination and gratitude and realize that the pursuit of european integration remains in the best interest of the us , which has supported it for 50 years .
today , however , we have to put aside fake and gratitude and recognise that the quest for european integration is still in the best interests of the united states , which has supported it for 50 years .
today , however , we must leave the facion and gratitude and recognise that the desire for european integration continues to be in the best interests of the united states , which has supported it for 50 years .

diese theorie erinnert ein wenig an die ideen des britischen historikers arnold toynbee , wonach weltreiche deshalb zusammenbrechen , weil sie unfähig sind , externe herausforderungen zu meistern .
this theory recalls that of the british historian arnold toynbee , according to which empires collapse because they are unable to react to external challenges .
this theory reminds us of a little of the ideas of the british colombian arnntoyne that world trees collapse because they are unable to meet external challenges .
this theory reminds us of a little of the ideas of the british people , mr arnir , that the world must break down because they are unable to meet external challenges .

das ergebnis war , dass verschiedene politische gruppierungen , die der solidarnosc-bewegung nahe standen , nach dem fall der kommunisten das feld der politischen rechten besetzen wollten und so die begriffe des politischen diskurses durcheinander brachten .
as a result , various political groups associated with the solidarity trade union movement have , since communism &apos;s fall , aspired to represent the political right , confusing the terms of political discourse .
the result was that various political groups , which were close to the solidarity movement , wanted to set the field of political rights in the wake of the communists , thereby transforming the concepts of the political discourse .
the result was that various political groups that were close to the solidarity movement , following the case of the communists , wanted to set up the area of political rights and , in this way , the concepts of the political decision .

die von der regierung vorgeschlagenen und teilweise bereits umgesetzten reformen sind eindeutig unpopulär , und es kann kaum ein zweifel daran bestehen , dass die aus sozialdemokraten und grünen zusammengesetzte koalition an der wahlurne kaum eine chance hätte .
clearly , the reforms proposed and already partly enacted by the government are unpopular , and there is little doubt that , a year after their re-election , the coalition of the social democrats and the greens would not stand much of a chance at the polls .
the reforms proposed by the government and , in part , already implemented are clearly unpopular , and there can hardly be any doubt that the coalition of the ballot box , which was put forward by the social democrats and the greens , would have little chance of being elected .
the reforms proposed by the government and partly implemented are clearly unpopular , and there can hardly be any doubt that the socialist and green coalition , which was set up in the electoral process , would not have a chance .

die fehler der globalisierung sind zu einem nicht geringen ausmaß auf die gleichen einstellungen zurückzuführen , die zu den misserfolgen im irak geführt haben : multilaterale institutionen dürfen nicht nur dem interesse eines landes dienen , sondern dem interesse aller länder .
in no small measure , the failures of globalization can be traced to the same mindset that led to the failures in iraq : multilateral institutions must serve not just one country &apos;s interest , but all countries &apos; .
the errors of globalisation are due not to a small extent to the same attitudes that have resulted in the failure of iraq : multilateral institutions must not only serve the interests of a country but also to the interest of all countries .
the errors of globalisation are not due to a low extent to the same attitudes that have led to the failure of iraq : multilateral institutions must not only serve the interests of a country , but also the interest of all countries .

mehr als 80 % der kinder besuchen heute die grundschule -- gegenüber 50 % im jahre 1970 . im selben zeitraum fiel die säuglingssterblichkeit von mehr als 10 % auf jetzt 6,5 % .
more than 80 % of children now attend primary school , up from 50 % in 1970 , and infant mortality has fallen from more than 10 % to 6.5 % over the same period .
today , more than 80 % of children are visiting the primary school - compared to 50 % in 1970 - and in the same period the infant mortality rate of more than 10 % has now risen to 6.5 % .
today , more than 80 % of children are visiting the primary school - 50 % in 1970 , in the same period , the mortality rate of more than 10 % to 6.5 % at now .

die regierung bush behauptete nämlich , dass der irakkrieg gut für die wirtschaft wäre . ein regierungssprecher verstieg sich gar zu der aussage , dass dies der beste weg wäre , den ölpreis niedrig zu halten .
the bush administration once claimed that the iraq war would be good for the economy , with one spokesperson even suggesting that it was the best way to ensure low oil prices .
in fact , the bush government claimed that the war in iraq would be good for the economy , and a government spokesman would even agree that this would be the best way of keeping the oil price low .
in fact , the bush government stated that the war in iraq would be good for the economy , and a government spokesman has said that this would be the best way to keep the price of oil low .

angesichts der wirtschaftlichen notlage deutschlands , die sich aufgrund der demografischen probleme des landes weiter verschã <unk> rfen dã ¼ rfte , sind die sozialdemokraten jedoch dazu verdammt , der schaffung von wohlstand vorrang vor der umverteilung einzurã <unk> umen .
but , given germany &apos;s economic distress , which looks likely to worsen given the country &apos;s demographic problems , the social democrats are now condemned to give wealth creation priority over redistribution .
however , in view of the economic emergency situation in germany , which , due to the demographic problems of the country , continues to be a matter of concern , the social democrats are sophisticated , but the creation of prosperity is giving priority to the reallocation of complaints .
in view of the economic emergency of germany , which continues to have a strong role to play in the face of the demographic problems of the country , the social democrats are preaching that the creation of prosperity will be a priority for the reallocation of funds .

zu beginn des deutschen â <unk> <unk> superwahljahres &quot; - mit 14 wahlen , nã <unk> mlich der europawahl sowie fã ¼ nf landtags- und acht kommunalwahlen - sind dies fã ¼ r die spd denkbar schlechte aussichten .
at the beginning of what has been dubbed a &quot; super election year &quot; in germany - with 14 elections , one at the european , five at the regional , and eight at the local levels - this is hideously bad news for the spd .
at the beginning of the german super superpower year - with 14 elections , ninth visits to the european election campaign , as well as the appeal of fnf land and eight local elections - this is an issue which could give rise to bad prospects for the spd .
at the beginning of the german free election year &apos; - with 14 elections , nightmare of the european election , as well as the fnf and eight local elections - this is the bad prospects for the spd .

ihre skepsis ist nicht unbegründet : interne unterlagen aus neueren prozessen decken auf , dass pharmaunternehmen den aufsichtsämtern oft entscheidende sicherheitsinformationen nicht vorlegen , wie dies das gesetz verlangt , und diese informationen auch nicht an ärzte und patienten weiterleiten .
their <<unk>> ticism is hardly groundless : internal documents obtained in recent lawsuits reveal that drug companies often fail to submit critical safety information to regulatory agencies , as required by law , and fail to communicate such information to physicians and patients .
their scepticism is not unfounded : internal documents from new processes cover that pharmaceutical companies do not often submit crucial safety formations , as required by the law , and this information does not pass on to doctors and patients .
their scepticism is not unfounded : internal documents from new processes cover the fact that pharmaceutical companies often do not submit decisive safety formations , as the law calls for , and that information does not pass on to doctors and patients .

michael tilson thomas beispielsweise ist es in san francisco gelungen , effektive mittelbeschaffung mit künstlerischer qualität so zu verbinden , dass aus der san francisco symphony eines der ersten orchester in den usa wurde .
michael tilson thomas in san francisco , for example , has combined effective fundraising and artistic leadership to propel the san francisco symphony to the top rank of us orchestras .
for example , in san francisco , in san francisco , it has managed to link effective funding with artistic quality in such a way that the san francisco hony has become one of the first orchestra in the usa .
for example , in san francisco , in san francisco , we have managed to link effective funds with artificial quality , so that , from the san francisco hony hony hony , one of the first orchestans in the united states was born .

nicht alle außergewöhnlichen zeiträume bringen ihren napoleon hervor , und das ist wahrscheinlich gut so , denn herausragende führer können uns die trügerische hoffnung vermitteln , dass alle probleme ihre lösung haben -- was alles andere als zutreffend ist .
not all exceptional periods create their bonapartes , and this is probably a good thing , for exceptional leaders may give the illusion that all problems have solutions , which is far from true .
it is probably a good thing that all the exceptional periods of time do not show their napoleon , and that is probably so good , because the prominent leaders can give us the hope that all the problems will have their solution - which is anything but true .
this is probably a good thing , because the outstanding leaders can give us the hope that all the problems have their solution - which is all the other than true .

chávez besteht auf der in seine verfassung eingebauten möglichkeit , volksentscheide zu widerrufen , was wiederum die opposition nicht tolerieren kann : wollte man den präsidenten auf diese weise absetzen , bräuchte man in absoluten zahlen eine größere anzahl an ja-stimmen , als chávez in den letzten wahlen erhalten hat .
chávez insists on the recall referendum mechanism included in his constitution , which the opposition cannot tolerate : removing the president in this way would require a larger absolute number of votes than chávez garnered in the last election .
chávez has the opportunity in its constitution to reject the referendum of the people , which , in turn , cannot tolerate the opposition : it wanted to put the president off in this way , in absolute figures , a larger number of votes in ja-land , when chávez was received in the last elections .
in his constitution , chávez has the opportunity to reject the referendum , which , in turn , cannot tolerate the opposition : we wanted to put the president in this way , in absolute figures , to pay a greater number of votes to jail than chávez in the last elections .

über die folgende verblüffende tatsache sollte man nachdenken : zusammen mit ein paar schwestereinkaufszentren ( target , best buy und home depot ) beträgt wal-marts anteil an amerikas viel gerühmtem vorsprung im produktivitätswachstum gegenüber europa in den letzten zehn jahren ungefähr 50 % .
consider the following stunning fact : together with a few sister &quot; big box &quot; stores ( target , best buy , and home depot ) , wal-mart accounts for roughly 50 % of america &apos;s much vaunted productivity growth edge over europe during the last decade .
let us think about the following hidden fact : together with a few scapegoat centres ( skies , best practice and home depot ) , walts are a lot of rumours to america in terms of productivity growth in europe over the last ten years , approximately 50 % .
we should think about the following fact : together with a few sophisticated centres ( best practices , best practice and traditions ) , walking marts are far more rumours in latin america in terms of productivity growth in europe over the last ten years .

wirtschaftsexperten wie stephen roach von morgan stanley oder paul krugman aus princeton zeigen sich über die deflation ebenso besorgt wie die gouverneure der us-notenbank federal reserve , die führenden gremien der europäischen zentralbank und wirtschaftsfachleute in ganz japan .
from stephen roach at morgan stanley to paul krugman at princeton , to the governors of the us federal reserve and the senior staff at the european central bank , to almost everyone in japan , economists all over the world are worrying about deflation .
mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president-in-office of the council , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , mr princeton , and mr president of the commission , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president of the commission , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president-in-office of the council .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we are concerned about the deflation and the governors of the us federal bank , the leading bodies of the european central bank and economic experts throughout japan , as well as the governors of the us federal bank , the leading bodies of the european central bank and economic experts .

sie wiederholten ihr experiment mit den röntgenstrahlen , aber diesmal beließen sie die kristalle in der mutterlauge und schlossen sie in einer glaskapillare ein . das ergebnis waren beugemuster mit zahlreichen reflexionen der kristalle .
they repeated the x-ray experiment , but with the crystal surrounded by its mother-liquor and sealed in a glass capillary , obtaining patterns with large numbers of crystalline reflections .
however , this time , the crystal clear experiment with the rtgenome radiation , opened up to the crèches in the motherhood and closed them into a glaciers , and the result was exploited by a large number of reviews of the crèches of the crèches .
however , this time , you have left you again with your experiment with the sophisticated radiation , but this time you were able to teach all in the motives and closed them in a glass horse , a result of which has been exploited with a large number of more flexible areas of reflection .

obwohl bereits max von laue , walter friedrich und paul knipping die beugung von röntgenstrahlen in kristallen entdeckt hatten , war es lawrence bragg , der diese erkenntnis wissenschaftlich zu verwerten wusste .
although max von laue , walter friedrich , and paul knipping had discovered the diffraction of x-rays by crystals , it was lawrence bragg who understood how it could be exploited scientifically .
despite the fact that there were already max of laue , walter peace and paul knia , who had discovered the use of hormone radiation in all crèches , it was ladkhog bragg , who knew that recognition of these values to be scientifically scientifically proven .
despite the fact that max of laue , wale , walter peace and paul knininick had discovered the use of rtse radiation in all of us , it was labrake , which was the most scientifically informed of this recognition .

in vielen teilen europas wird der eu-beitritt der türkei allerdings mit skepsis gesehen . die gründe dafür sind die größe des landes , seine relativ schlechte wirtschaft , die angst vor massiver einwanderung und vor allem die kulturellen und gesellschaftlichen unterschiede - ein euphemismus für den islam .
in many parts of europe , however , turkey &apos;s admission to the eu is viewed with <<unk>> ticism owing to its size , relatively poor economy , fears of massive immigration , and , above all , cultural and societal differences - a euphemism for islam .
however , in many parts of europe , turkey &apos;s accession to the european union is seen with scepticism , and the reasons for this are the size of the country , its relatively bad economy , fear of massive immigration and , above all , cultural and social differences - a euphemism for islam .
however , in many parts of europe , turkey &apos;s accession to the eu will be seen as scepticism , but the reasons for this are the size of the country , its relatively poor economy , fear of massive immigration and , above all , cultural and social differences - a euphemism for islam .

von zeit zu zeit bekam er ausgang - allerdings immer unter bewachung wie ein tier aus dem zoo -- um ein bad zu besuchen oder einsam golf zu spielen , ein spiel , das zu einer der zahlreichen manifestationen der &quot; bürgerlichen liberalisierung &quot; gehört , die durch seine reformbestrebungen in das bis dahin hermetisch abgeriegelte china durchdringen konnten .
he was let out from time to time , but under guard like a zoo animal , to go to some spa or to play solitary holes of golf , one of the many manifestations of &quot; bourgeois liberalization &quot; that his reform efforts allowed to leak through china &apos;s once hermetic seal .
however , at the time of time - at the same time as beating a animal from the zoo - to visit or to visit a golf , a game which is one of the many stages of the &apos; civil liberalisation &apos; , which , by its reform efforts , has always been able to slip into china until then .
at the end of the time , however , it was on the end of time - and in the same way as a animal from the zoo - to visit or to play a golden game , a game which is one of the many of the civil liberalisation , which , through its reform aspirations , has been steered up to the hermetre of china .

in den späten vierziger jahren des vorigen jahrhunderts versuchte man bei der schaffung einer nachkriegswirtschaftsordnung ein internationales finanzsystem zu etablieren , das ( a ) stabile wechselkurse vorsah , so dass produzenten und konsumenten den risiken exzessiver und irrationaler wechselkursschwankungen nicht mehr ausgesetzt waren , ( b ) das es den ländern erlaubt , ihre eigene makroökonomische politik zu verfolgen und ( c ) die katastrophalen panikreaktionen verhindern sollte , die nicht nur einzelne banken , sondern ganze länder erfassten und schließlich zu einer internationalen finanzkrise in form der großen depression führten .
in the late 1940s , those present at the creation of the post-world war ii international economic order tried to create an international monetary system that would ( a ) allow for exchange rates stable enough for producers and consumers to escape the risks of excessive and irrational exchange rate fluctuations , ( b ) allow countries to follow their own domestic macroeconomic policies , and ( c ) prevent the catastrophic panics affecting not just individual banks but whole countries that produced the destructive international financial crisis of the great depression .
in the late four years of the last century , an international financial system was sought to establish an international financial system , which ( a ) stable exchange rates , so that producers and consumers were no longer exposed to the risks of excessive and irrational exchange rate fluctuations ( b ) , allowing countries to follow their own macroeconomic policy and ( c ) to prevent the disastrous action taken not only by banks , but also by entire countries and , finally , by means of an international financial crisis .
in the late 14 years of the past century , we tried to establish an international financial system in order to create a post-war order , which ( a ) established stable exchange rates , so that producers and consumers were no longer exposed to the risks of excessive and irrational exchange rate fluctuations ( b ) allowing countries to follow their own macroeconomic policy and ( c ) the disastrous actions which should prevent not only the banks , but also the entire banks , and finally , a global financial crisis .

