aber verteidigungspolitik ist nur ein teil der außenpolitik .
but defense policy is only one component of foreign policy .
but defence policy is only part of foreign policy .
but defence policy is only part of foreign policy .

das dritte kriegsargument ist höchst umstritten .
the third claim is hugely contentious .
the third war argument is highly controversial .
the third war argument is highly controversial .

wie kann all dies gestoppt werden ?
what can halt this ?
how can all of this be stopped ?
how can all this be stopped ?

ausnahmen bestätigen die regel .
the exceptions prove the rule .
exceptions confirm the rule .
exceptions confirm the rule .

syriens gefährliche verbindungen
syria &apos;s dangerous liaisons
syria &apos;s dangerous links with syria are dangerous .
syria &apos;s dangerous links

die anfallenden kosten scheinen vergleichsweise gering zu sein .
the costs appear relatively small .
the costs incurred seem to be comparable .
the costs incurred seem to be less comparable .

die verbraucher bezahlen wesentlich weniger als in herkömmlichen läden .
consumers pay significantly less than at traditional outlets .
consumers pay much less than in traditional places .
consumers pay much less than in traditional strains .

diese zweideutigkeit könnte syrien teuer zu stehen kommen .
syria may pay a heavy price for that ambiguity .
this ambiguity could be expensive to syria .
this ambiguity could be expensive to syria .

westeuropäische politiker befürchten ihrerseits das umgekehrte ergebnis .
west european politicians , for their part , fear the opposite outcome .
for its part , western european politicians fear the reversed result .
for its part , western european politicians fear the reverse result .

aber dann er hätte wenigstens irgendeinen sinn gehabt .
still , the war would then at least make some sense .
but he would have had any sense at least .
but then he would have at least had any sense .

ihre jungen leute sind deshalb besser ausgebildet und gesünder als frühere generationen .
their young people are therefore better-educated and healthier than previous generations .
their young people are therefore better trained and healthy than previous generations .
their young people are therefore better trained and healthy than previous generations .

tatsächlich passierte genau das mit anderen in den fall yukos involvierten personen .
in fact , this is precisely what happened with other figures accused in the yukos case .
in fact , it was exactly the case with others involved in the case of patent protection .
in fact , this was exactly the case with other people involved in the case of dumping .

nur eine solche klarheit kann eine ordnungsgemäße beendigung des engagements der internationalen akteure gewährleisten .
only such clarity can allow for a proper end to international actors &apos; engagement .
only such clarity can guarantee a proper end to the commitment of international players .
only such clarity can guarantee a proper end to the commitment of international players .

· institutionen der marktlegitimierung ( soziale schutzbestimmungen und versicherungen ) .
market-legitimizing institutions ( for social protection and insurance ) .
the institutions of the market legitimacy ( social protection and insurance ) .
the institutions of market legitimacy ( social protection provisions and insurance ) .

in seinen augen stellt der markt das unternehmertum über die menschliche solidarität .
he sees the market as favoring entrepreneurship over human solidarity .
in its eyes , the market puts entrepreneurship above human solidarity .
in its eyes , the market puts entrepreneurship over human solidarity .

ob sich die anhänger zhaos in ähnlicher weise artikulieren werden , ist ungewiss .
whether zhao &apos;s supporters will express themselves in a similar fashion is uncertain .
whether the supporters of zhaos will be slaughtered in a similar way is certainly not .
whether the supporters of zhaos will become similar , it is certainly uncertain .

haben wir jenseits grundlegender freiheiten und wirtschaftlichen wohlstands eine spezifische zivilisation , die es zu verteidigen gilt ?
beyond fundamental freedoms and economic prosperity , do we have a specific civilization to defend ?
do we have a specific civilisation that must be defended beyond fundamental freedoms and economic prosperity ?
do we have a specific civilisation which must be defended beyond fundamental freedoms and economic prosperity ?

armee und polizei haben fast 50.000 soldaten mobilisiert , um die räumungen durchzuführen .
the army and the police have mobilized almost 50,000 troops to carry out evictions .
army and police have mobilised almost 5000 soldiers to carry out the sites .
the army and police have mobilised almost 550 000 soldiers to carry out decommissioning .

dies ist nicht die art von sprunghafter geldpolitik , wie europa sie will oder braucht .
this is not the type of volatile monetary policy that europe wants or needs .
this is not the kind of monetary policy that europe wants or needs .
this is not the type of monetary policy that europe wants or needs .

doch sollten wir jetzt und in den nächsten zehn jahren noch irgendetwas anderes tun ?
but should we be doing anything else now and in the next decade ?
but should we now and in the next ten years do anything else ?
but should we now and in the next ten years do anything else ?

in vieler hinsicht war 2005 für europa ein annus horribilis -- ein schreckensjahr .
in many ways , 2005 has been europe &apos;s annus <<unk>> bilis .
in many respects , in 2005 , europe was a trademark of bilis - a terrible year .
in many respects , in 2005 , a year of progress was a year for europe - a terrible year .

diese sektoren arbeiten zwar mit ausgereifter technologie , sind aber nur eine schwache basis für langfristige entwicklung .
these sectors are technologically sophisticated , but form a narrow base for long-term development .
these sectors are working with egg technology , but they are only a weak basis for long-term development .
these sectors are working with advanced technology , but are only a weak basis for long-term development .

schließlich ist der erweiterungsprozess an sich auch ein deutliches symbol der sozialen , zivilen und kulturellen einheit europas .
finally , the enlargement process itself is also manifestly a symbol of european social , civic , and cultural unity .
finally , the enlargement process is also a clear symbol of the social , civil and cultural unity of europe .
finally , the enlargement process is also a clear symbol of the social , civil and cultural unity of europe .

um zu entdecken , was sich in einem beliebigen land auszahlt , muss man versuche anstellen .
discovering what works in any one country requires experimentation .
in order to cover what is paid in any country , attempts must be made .
in order to cover what is going on in a country that has to be paid out , attempts must be made .

ein solche welt anzustreben , ist vielleicht optimistisch oder sogar idealistisch , aber kaum naiv .
bringing such an integrated world may be optimistic , even idealistic , but it is hardly naive .
to seek a world of this kind is perhaps optimistic or even idealistic , but hardly naïve .
it is perhaps optimistic , or even idealistic , but hardly naïve .

die auseinandersetzung mit den auswirkungen des klimawandels und die bestrebungen zur emissionsreduktionen sollten sich nicht gegenseitig ausschließen , sondern ergänzen .
dealing with the impacts of climate change and with emission reductions should not be mutually exclusive , but complementary .
the conflict with the impact of climate change and the efforts to reduce emissions should not be mutually exclusive , but complementary .
the conflict with the effects of climate change and the efforts to reduce emissions should not be allowed to exclude each other , but to complement them .

und unsere schätzung enthält noch keine impliziten , durch die enormen verluste an leben und eigentum im irak entstandenen kosten .
and our estimate does not include any of the costs implied by the enormous loss of life and property in iraq itself .
and our assessment does not include any implication , resulting in the enormous loss of life and property in iraq .
we do not yet have any impact on the enormous loss of life and property in iraq .

tatsächlich steht indien am rande einer wahrhaft mutigen wirtschaftlichen reform : der vollen internationalen konvertierbarkeit seiner rupie .
indeed , india is edging toward a truly bold reform : full international convertibility of the rupee .
in fact , india is on the brink of a truly courageous economic reform : the full international confusion of its unsure .
in fact , india is on the brink of a truly courageous economic reform : the full international consumption of its cruelty .

russland droht damit , sie alle über bord zu werfen , sobald die usa den abm-vertrag aufkündigen .
russia threatens to scrap all of them once the us leaves the abm-treaty .
russia is in danger of putting it on board , as soon as the united states has announced the abm treaty .
russia is in danger of putting it all on board as soon as the united states upholds the abm treaty .

aber selbst unter diesen umständen , wäre möglicherweise eine politik des containment klüger gewesen , als ein krieg .
even in those circumstances , war might well have been unwise compared to a policy of containment .
but even under these circumstances , perhaps a policy of containers would have been more small than a war .
however , even under these circumstances , it might have been a policy of container containment than a war .

den engen beziehungen zwischen unternehmen und regierungen haben viele die schuld an der finanzkrise , die 1997 südostasien heimgesucht hatte , gegeben .
close links between business and governments were blamed by many for the financial crisis that struck southeast asia in 1997 .
close relations between businesses and governments have given many the blame for the financial crisis that took place in 1997 in south-east asia .
the close relationship between companies and governments has given many the blame to the financial crisis that had hit south-east asia in 1997 .

auch bei modernerem musikgeschmack des publikums sind privates geld und innovative programmgestaltung durchaus gut vereinbar .
if the audience has progressive tastes , private money and innovative programming are entirely compatible .
even with moderate music taste of the public , private money and innovative programming are perfectly compatible .
it is also true that private money and innovative programming are well compatible with modern music taste .

im westen am bekanntesten ist the management of savagery -- aber nur , weil es übersetzt und veröffentlicht wurde .
the best known in the west is the management of savagery , but only because it was translated and made public .
the most well-known in the west is the management of agony - but only because it has been translated and published .
in the west , it is known that the management of aga , but only because it has been translated and published .

doch das versäumnis , strukturelle probleme anzugehen , könnte die wirtschaft auf lange sicht schockwellen aus dem ausland ausliefern .
but failure to address structural problems could expose the economy to external shocks in the long term .
however , the failure to address structural problems could , in the long term , provide the economy with shocking wreck from abroad .
however , the failure to address structural problems could provide the economy with shocking shores from abroad in the long term .

einige arten des vertrauens basieren statt auf echten werten und unmittelbarer erfahrung auf einer künstlichen vorstellung der &quot; nichtzugehörigkeit &quot; .
some kinds of trust can be based on an artificial notion of &quot; not us &quot; rather than on real values and direct experience .
some types of trust are based instead of real values and direct experience on an artificial idea of &apos; non-membership &apos; .
some types of trust are based instead on real values and direct experience on an artificial idea of non-membership .

auf diese botschaft hatten die europäischen freunde großbritanniens lange gehofft und seit blairs wahl im jahr 1997 vergeblich gewartet .
this was a message for which britain &apos;s european friends had long been hoping , and for which they had waited in vain since blair &apos;s election in 1997 .
on this message , the european friends of britain had hoped for a long time , and have been waiting for more than ever since blaming in 1997 .
the european friends of britain had long hoped for this message and have been waiting for in 1997 since blaming in 1997 .

oder an srebrenica und die abschlachtung tausender muslime , die unter dem vermeintlichen schutz der uno standen ?
remember srebrenica and the slaughter of thousands of muslims under the supposed protection of the un ?
or to srebrenica and the slaughter of thousands of muslims who were under the alleged protection of the un ?
or at srebrenica and the slaughter of thousands of muslims who were under the alleged protection of the un ?

die bush-administration gab syrien nicht offiziell , wohl aber praktisch die schuld und berief ihre botschafterin aus damaskus ab .
the bush administration , while not formally blaming syria , virtually did so and recalled its ambassador to damascus .
the bush administration did not officially officially official syria , but it would be practically the blame and berief for their ambassadors from then skus .
the bush administration did not officially have syria , but it is true that the blame and berf were virtually the fault of their ambassador from then skus .

asiens bevölkerung hat sich seit 1950 mehr als verdoppelt . das größte wachstum ereignete sich in den ärmsten ländern asiens .
asia &apos;s population has more than doubled since 1950 , with most of that growth coming in its poorest countries .
the population of asia has been more than doubled since 1950 , and the greatest growth has occurred in the poorest countries of asia .
asia &apos;s population has been more than doubled since 1950 , and the greatest growth occurred in the poorest countries of asia .

wenn wir die welt politisch sicherer , wirtschaftlich stabiler und wohlhabender machen wollen , wird die politische globalisierung die wirtschaftliche einholen müssen .
if we are to make the world politically more secure and economically more stable and prosperous , political globalization will have to catch up with economic globalization .
if we want to make the world more politically secure , economically stable and prosperous , political globalisation will have to recover economic entry .
if we want to make the world politically safer , economically stable and wealthy , political globalisation will have to recover economic growth .

wenn chodorkowsky mit dem endgültigen urteil der russischen gerichte nicht einverstanden ist , wird er zweifellos in straßburg berufung einlegen .
if khodorkovsky disagrees with the final decision of the russian courts , he will undoubtedly appeal to that court .
if mr kowsky is not in agreement with the final judgment of the russian courts , it will certainly be convened in strasbourg .
if there is no agreement with the final judgment of the russian courts , then it will undoubtedly be called for in strasbourg .

beide appellieren an die gesellschaften lateinamerikas mehr in ihre menschen zu investieren , so dass die lateinamerikaner eine führende rolle im bereich der globalen produktivität einnehmen können .
both call upon latin american societies to invest more in their people , so that latin americans can join the cutting edge of global productivity .
both call on latin american societies to invest more in their people , so that the latin americans can play a leading role in the field of global productivity .
both appeal to latin america &apos;s societies to invest more in their people , so that the latin american americans can play a leading role in the area of global productivity .

johannes paul ii bewies , dass moralische stärke als waffe machtvoll genug war , um die in jalta festgelegte teilung der welt aufzuheben .
john paul ii demonstrated that moral force was a weapon potent enough to undo yalta &apos;s division of the world .
john paul ii pointed out that moral strength was full of power as a weapon to lift the division of the world established in jalta .
john paul ii pointed out that moral strength as a weapon was full enough to lift the division of the world established in jalta .

betrachtet man dann noch praktische schwierigkeiten wie den schlechten straßenzustand und die geringe anzahl von autos und lastwagen , so ist wirtschaftliche isolation die logische folge .
add the practical difficulties of broken-down roads and few cars and trucks , and economic isolation follows .
if we look at practical difficulties such as the poor road state and the low number of cars and lorries , economic isolation is the logical result .
then we look at practical difficulties such as the bad road situation and the low number of cars and lorries , economic isolation is the logical result .

so zum beispiel der leiter des verwaltungs- und haushaltsbüros , mitch daniels , der die summe auf 60 milliarden dollar korrigierte .
for example , office of management and budget director mitch daniels put the number at $ 60 billion .
for example , the head of the administrative and budgetary offices , mitch gdaniels , who remedied the amount to usd 60 billion .
for example , the head of the administrative and budgetary offices , mitch danial , who was correct the amount to 60 billion dollars .

viele regierungen haben so große angst vor ihren landwirten , dass sie keine andere möglichkeit sehen , als ihren standpunkt anzunehmen -- komme , was wolle .
many governments are so fearful of their farmers that they see no other option than to hold their ground , no matter what .
many governments have so great fear of their farmers that they do not see any other possibility of adopting their position - which is what they want .
many governments have so great fear of their farmers that they do not see any other way of adopting their position - what they want .

in 2003 allein kehrten 40.000 sozialdemokraten ihrer partei den rã ¼ cken , ein aderlass von nie gekannten ausmaã <unk> en .
in 2003 alone , almost 40,000 social democrats left their party , a hemorrhaging previously unheard of .
in 2003 alone , 40-000 social democrats in their party sluggish the armed forces , an aderlass of unprecedented armed forces .
in 2003 , 450 000 social democrats in their party met with the rgyzstan , a aderlass of unprecedented action .

aber selbst in unserer euphorie haben wir nicht damit gerechnet , in welchem ausmaß der neue papst nicht nur polen , sondern die ganze welt verändern würde .
but even in our euphoria , we did not expect how much the new pope would change not only poland , but the world .
but even in our euphoria , we have not seen the extent of the new pope not just poland , but the whole world would change .
but even in our euphoria , we did not expect the extent of the new pope not only to change poland but to the whole world .

spontane meldungen an aufsichtsämter sind selten -- zirka 1 % -- und eine andauernde überwachung findet in vielen ländern nicht statt .
spontaneous reporting rates to regulatory agencies are low -- approximately 1 % -- and ongoing monitoring is passive in many countries .
spontanetants are rare - circuit 1 % - and ongoing monitoring is not taking place in many countries .
spontaneous reports are rare - i am told 1 % - and constant monitoring is not taking place in many countries .

immerhin bekunden parteichefs ihre persönlichen gefühle selten in aller öffentlichkeit . noch weniger überschreiten sie die parteilinie derart offen wie zhao dies tat .
after all , party leaders rarely evince their personal feelings in public , much less transgress the party line as brazenly as zhao did .
after all , the political leaders often express their personal feelings in all the public , and even less they cross the pariny of the parzhao in such a way as zhao .
after all , however , the leaders of the party rarely show their personal feelings in all the public , but they go beyond the pariny of such a kind as zhao .

während sich die welt auf den irak , nordkorea und eine mögliche auseinandersetzung mit dem iran über atomwaffen konzentriert , ist der kosovo von der bildfläche verschwunden .
with the world focused on iraq , north korea , and a possible clash with iran over nuclear weapons , kosovo has fallen off the radar screen .
while the world is focusing on iraq , north korea and a possible dispute with iran on nuclear weapons , kosovo has disappeared from the bilingual area .
while the world focuses on iraq , north korea and a possible dispute with iran on nuclear weapons , kosovo has disappeared from the bills .

diese wunden könnten nur verheilen , wenn sowohl in den usa als auch in großbritannien eine neue politische führung an die macht käme und die autorität der uno in vollem umfang anerkannt wird .
healing today &apos;s divided world could start only with fresh political leadership in both the us and uk , and a strong assertion of un authority .
these wounds could only be devastating if , in both the united states and the united kingdom , a new political leadership would be in power and the authority of the un will be fully recognised .
these wounds could only be devastating if , both in the united states and in britain , a new political leadership would be made up of power and the un authority is fully recognised .

angesichts des in der türkei erwarteten wirtschaftsaufschwunges und der sinkenden geburtenrate prognostizieren experten für diesen zeitpunkt die einwanderung von ungefähr 2,7 millionen menschen .
given the expected upswing of turkey &apos;s economy and its declining birthrate , experts predict a figure of around 2.7 million immigrants by that point .
in view of the economic downturn expected in turkey and the falling birth rate , experts predicted that immigration is about 2.7 million people at this time .
in view of the economic recovery that is expected in turkey and the sinking birth rate , experts are looking at immigration from around 2.7 million people at this time .

extreme schwankungen der niederschlagsmengen , überflutungen und dürreperioden können enorme soziale und wirtschaftliche folgen haben und in großem umfang zum verlust von menschenleben führen .
extreme rainfall variations , floods , and droughts can have huge social and economic effects and result in the large-scale loss of life .
extreme fluctuations in the amount of slaughter , overflooding and drought can have the enormous social and economic consequences and lead to the loss of human lives .
extreme fluctuations of the nineties , overfling and drought can have enormous social and economic consequences and lead to a great deal of loss of human lives .

so hat auch präsident vaclav havel bei seinem ersten besuch in deutschland im januar 1990 mutig argumentiert , aber seine ausführungen sind fälschlicherweise als schwäche ausgelegt worden .
so president vaclav havel courageously argued during his first trip to germany in january 1990 , but his comments were mistaken for weakness .
in this way , president lav hael , in his first visit to germany in january 1990 , was courageous , but his remarks were misinterpreted as weakness .
as a result , president vanlav hav hav also expressed courage in his first visit to germany in january 1990 , but his remarks have been misinterpreted as a weakness .

antriebsfeder für das engagement der usa in der welt und schlüsselfaktor für ihren internationalen einfluss ist ihr bedürfnis , die welt zu einem besseren ort zu machen .
one impulse behind america &apos;s international engagement , and one of the great sources of its global power , has been its enduring impulse to make the world a better place .
it is their need to make the world a better place for the united states &apos;s commitment to the world and key factor in its international influence .
it is your need to make the world a better place for the united states &apos;s commitment in the world and a key factor in its international influence .

die folge war , dass die handelsliberalisierung von industriegütern in weiten teilen der welt zu deindustrialisierung und höherer arbeitslosigkeit geführt hat , wie dieses jahr im fall von textilien .
as a result , trade liberalization of manufactures has resulted in de-industrialization and greater unemployment in much of the world , as in the case of garments this year .
the result was that the liberalisation of industrial goods has led to dwindling and higher unemployment in large parts of the world , as this year has happened in the case of textiles .
the result was that the trade liberalisation of industrial operators in large parts of the world has led to start-up and higher unemployment , as this year in the case of textiles .

schrã <unk> der hat es bereits mehrmals geschafft , in verzweifelter situation mit dem rã ¼ cken zur wand stehend durch eine energieleistung das blatt noch zu wenden .
several times before , schröder had been thoroughly energized by desperate situations when he stood with his back to the wall .
the armed forces have already managed several times to put an end to the situation in desperate terms with the country &apos;s armed forces to the wall by means of an energy elementary .
there has already been a great many times in the way in which we have been able to deal with the issue of justice in the desperate situation with the courts , with an energy mark .

momentan unterstützen die ezb und die europäische kommission de facto die positionen populistischer regierungen in osteuropa , die schon jetzt die gelder ausgeben , die sie sich in zukunft von der eu erhoffen .
as it is , the ecb and the european commission are de facto supporting the positions of populist governments in eastern europe that are already spending the funds they hope to get in the future from the eu .
at the moment , the ecb and the european commission are in fact supporting the positions of populist governments in eastern europe , which are already spending the money they hope for in the future from the eu .
at the moment , the ecb and the european commission are , in fact , supporting the positions of populist governments in eastern europe , who are already spending the money that they hope to see in the future from the eu .

was den fã ¼ hrungsstil angeht , so ist schrã <unk> der ein solist , mã ¼ ntefering dagegen ein mannschaftsspieler .
in terms of leadership style , schröder is a soloist ; müntefering a team player .
as far as the iceline is concerned , the armed forces are a solvent force of this kind , and there is a team of experts on this subject .
as far as the fatigue action is concerned , it is a matter of urgency that we are talking about this , mnouring must be a team .

staatliche stipendien für die studienjahre und neue , größere universitäten können in diesem zusammenhang eine ebenso große rolle spielen wie investitionen in computer und informationstechnologie in schulen und gemeinden .
government stipends for tuition and for new and enlarged universities can play a big role , as can investment in computers and information technology in schools and communities .
state grants for study years and new , higher universities can play an equally important role in this connection , such as investment in computers and information technology in schools and communities .
state grants for the years of study and new universities can play an equally important role in this context , such as investment in computers and information technology in schools and communities .

mehr noch : wenn man die organisationshierarchie hinaufklettert oder von zelle zu zelle springt , erkennt man enorme unterschiede in bezug auf risiken , chancen und zwänge .
moreover , there are vast differences in terms of risks , rewards , and imperatives as one moves up the organizational chain , or jumps from cell to cell .
on the other hand , if you look at the organisational traps , you are raging from a zny , you recognise enormous differences in terms of risks , opportunities and constraints .
i would also like to point out that if we go into the organisation of the body , hindry , or from zene , there are enormous differences in terms of risks , opportunities and constraints .

falls ja , würden sich die experten möglicherweise daran gewöhnen , zur verantwortung gerufen zu werden , und mehr bescheidenheit zeigen , und die politische debatte würde vielleicht anfangen , weniger schrill zu klingen .
if so , pundits might adapt to accountability by showing more humility , and political debate might begin to sound less shrill .
if so , the experts would perhaps be used to become responsible , and to show more modest wisdom , and the political debate would perhaps begin to beg less waste .
if so , the experts might be used to be responsible for responsibility , and more modest , and the political debate would perhaps begin to look at less shrick waste .

als beispielsweise die neue schmerzmittelklasse der cox-2-hemmer eingeführt wurde , wussten weder behörden noch ärzte und patienten , dass diese medikamente herzinfarkte und schlaganfälle hervorrufen können .
for example , when the new class of painkillers called cox-2 inhibitors was introduced , regulators , physicians , and patients were unaware that these drugs could cause heart attacks and strokes .
when , for example , the new painful class of cox 2 barriers was introduced , neither authorities nor doctors and patients knew that these medicines could cause heart colours and slaughter cases .
for example , when the new painful class of cox 2 was introduced , neither authorities nor doctors and patients knew that these medicines can cause heart colours and slaughter cases .

eine schlecht verwaltete infrastruktur wird nicht viel dazu beitragen , die gesundheit der menschen zu verbessern oder das wirtschaftswachstum zu unterstützen , daher müssen die wasserwirtschaftliche erschließung und das wassermanagement hand in hand gehen .
badly managed infrastructure will do little to improve peoples &apos; health or support economic growth , so water development and water management must go hand in hand .
a poorly managed infrastructure will not help to improve the health of people or to support economic growth , so water closure and water management must go hand in hand .
a poorly managed infrastructure will not contribute much to improving the health of people or supporting economic growth , so water closure and water management must go hand in hand .

wenn die arbeitslosigkeit auch nicht ganz auf dem niveau der weltwirtschaftskrise stehen geblieben ist , blieb sie dennoch hoch genug , um langzeitarbeitslosigkeit oder die angst vor langzeitarbeitslosigkeit zu einer entscheidenden erfahrung zu machen .
if unemployment was not stuck quite at great depression levels , it remained high enough to make long-term joblessness or the fear of long-term joblessness a defining experience .
even though unemployment has not remained entirely at the level of the global economic crisis , it has nevertheless remained high enough to make long-term unemployment or fear of long-term unemployment a crucial experience .
although unemployment has not been entirely at the level of the world economic crisis , it has still been high enough to make long-term unemployment or fear of long-term unemployment a crucial experience .

alles wird unter den gesichtspunkten von politik und wählerstimmen betrachtet , nicht als technisches problem , das technische kompetenz erfordert -- und dies ist der grund , warum afrikas armut so häufig auf die korruption zurückgeführt wird anstatt auf ökologische herausforderungen .
everything is viewed as politics and votes , not as technical problems requiring technological expertise , which is why africa &apos;s poverty is so often attributed to corruption rather than to ecological challenges .
all of this is seen in the view of politics and electorate , not as a technical problem , which requires technical competence - and this is why africa is so often returning to corruption rather than to environmental challenges .
all of this is seen in the view of politics and electorate , not as a technical problem , which requires technical competence - and this is the reason why africa &apos;s poverty is so often reduced to corruption rather than to ecological challenges .

der erste fehler der kalifornischen wähler ist also , was man als die , , verlockung des unmittelbaren &quot; bezeichnen kann - nicht allzu erstaunlich in einem staat , wo sofortige bedürfnisbefriedigung angeblich ein kernwert ist .
californian voters &apos; first mistake is thus what may be called &quot; the lure of the immediate &quot; --none too surprising in a state where instant gratification is supposedly a core value .
the first mistake of the california electorate is , therefore , what can be described as the immediate &apos; relaxation &apos; - not too astonished in a state where immediate conciliation is supposedly a core value .
the first mistake of the californian voters is , therefore , what is known as the relaxation , relaxation of the immediate &apos; - not too astonishing in a state where immediate satisfaction is allegedly a core value .

das letzte mal , dass eine amerikanische regierung versucht hatte , angesichts einer rezession einen ausgeglichenen haushalt zu gewährleisten , war vor siebzig jahren , nämlich während der präsidentschaft herbert hoovers , zu beginn der großen depression .
the last time an american government tried to ensure a balanced budget in the face of a recession was over seventy years ago , during the presidency of herbert hoover at the outset of the great depression .
the last time that an american government tried to ensure a balanced budget , given a recession , was a seven-year period , namely during the presidency of herbert hoovers , at the beginning of the great depression .
the last time that a american government tried to ensure a balanced budget in the face of a recession was seven years ago , namely during the presidency of herbert horis , at the beginning of the great depression .

was dabei herauskommen wird , dürfte nicht nur die wirtschaftliche entwicklung indiens beeinflussen , sondern auch china eine anschauliche lehre erteilen , da es auch mit dem gedanken spielt , in den nächsten jahren die wechselkurse freizugeben .
how it goes about this will not only effect india &apos;s economic development , but provide object lessons for china as it ponders convertibility in the years ahead .
what will come out of it should not only affect the economic development of india , but also give china a clear lesson , because it also has the idea of freeing exchange rates over the next few years .
what will come out of this will not only influence the economic development of india , but also give china a clear lesson , as it also plays the idea of free exchange rates over the next few years .

mancherorts hält man diese entwicklung für bedenklich , denn man möchte die bisherige preisgestaltung beibehalten und fürchtet , dass höhere eintrittspreise durch den ausschluss junger menschen die besucherzahlen gefährden könnte .
some argue that this is a bad thing , because they prefer queuing to the price system and fear that higher prices will compromise future audiences by excluding young people .
in some places , we consider this development to be worrying , because we want to maintain the prices that have been set up to date and fear that higher entry prices could jeopardise the numbers of visitors by exclusion from young people .
it seems to me that this development is a serious one , because we want to maintain and fear that higher prices could be jeopardised by the exclusion of young people .

sein stil und seine rhetorik zeugen von einem ( für koreanische verhältnisse ! ) frischen image eines mannes aus dem volke , dem es darum geht , die verknöcherten strukturen von günstlingswirtschaft und korruption zu durchbrechen .
his style and rhetoric projected the fresh ( for korea ! ) image of a common man committed to eliminating the ossified networks of cronyism and corruption .
his stil and his rhetoric bear witness to a man &apos;s image of a man from the volcano , who is trying to break the flagrant structures of glineous economy and corruption .
his stil and his rhetoric show that there is a fresh image of a man from the volumes of the volcanic , which is about to break down the interconnection structures of gliners and corruption .

makroökonomische politik , globalisierung der finanzmärkte und änderungen in den arbeitsmarktinstitutionen haben die ungleichheit in den letzten jahrzehnten verstärkt , nicht nur beim einkommen und vermögen , sondern auch beim zugang zu bildung , gesundheitswesen , sozialer absicherung sowie bei der politischen partizipation und einflussnahme .
macroeconomic policies , financial globalization , and changes in labor market institutions have exacerbated inequality in recent decades , not only in income and wealth , but also in access to education , healthcare , social protection , as well as in political participation and influence .
macroeconomic policy , globalisation of the financial markets and changes in the labour market institutions have increased inequality over recent decades , not only in income and assets , but also in access to education , health , social security , and in political participation and influence .
macroeconomic policy , globalisation of the financial markets and changes in the labour market institutions have increased inequality over recent decades , not only in terms of income and assets , but also in access to education , health care , social security and in political participation and influence .

in schwarzafrika beispielsweise gibt es tausende junger kombattanten -- 100.000 allein im sudan -- , die darauf hoffen , ihre leben im frieden wieder aufzubauen , aber die dafür eindeutig fortbildungsmaßnahmen und arbeitsplätze sowie medizinische und psychologische unterstützung benötigen .
for example , sub-saharan africa has thousands of young combatants -- 100,000 in sudan alone -- who hope to reconstruct their lives in peacetime but clearly require skills training and jobs , as well as medical and psychological support .
in black africa , for example , there are thousands of young comoros - 10000 in sudan alone - who hope to restore their lives in peace , but who need clear training and jobs and medical and psychological support for this .
in black africa , for example , there are thousands of young commentators - 100-000 in sudan alone - who hope to restore their lives in peace , but who clearly need training and jobs and medical and psychological support .

wenn einem diese argumentationslinie bekannt vorkommt , dann wahrscheinlich deshalb , weil sie ( mehr oder weniger ) an die grundprinzipien jener untragbaren planwirtschaft erinnert , von denen sich die beitrittsländer anfang der neunziger jahre des vorigen jahrhunderts verabschiedet haben .
if this line of thought sounds familiar , perhaps it is because it ( more or less ) recapitulates the foundations of the unsustainable planning system with which the accession countries broke at the beginning of the 1990 &apos;s .
if a view of this argument is well known , it would probably be because , for more or less , it reminds us of the basic principles of the unsustainable planned economy , which the candidate countries adopted at the beginning of the 1990s of the last century .
if this argument is known as this argument , it is probably because , ( more or less ) they recall the basic principles of the unsustainable economy , which the candidate countries adopted at the beginning of the 1990s of the previous century .

die frage ist nicht , ob es noch spuren dieser waffen gibt , denn diese können sich auch in entsorgungsanlagen finden . zu beweisen gilt es vielmehr , ob diese waffen tatsächlich für den ernstfall in bedrohlichem ausmaß bereit gehalten wurden .
the test is not whether traces of those weapons remain , as such traces will be found at disposal sites , but whether those weapons were poised for use in threatening amounts .
the question is not whether there are still weapons , because they can also be found in disposal plants , and it is important to show whether these weapons have actually been kept ready for serious cases in danger .
the question is not whether there are still tracks of these weapons , because they can also be found in waste plants , but it is important to show whether these weapons were actually prepared for the serious nature of the situation .

man erzählt sich , dass daniel barenboim das chicago symphony orchestra auch deshalb verließ , weil er sich den ihm abverlangten fundraising-aktivitäten verweigerte .
daniel barenboim is rumored to have left the chicago symphony orchestra in part because he objected to the fundraising demands that were being made of him .
it has been said that daniel barenboboin , the chicago , honory orchestra , has also made a mistake , because he refused to refuse the activities he has given to him .
we are told that daniel barenbo, in the chicry honey hony orchestra , he was also told because he refused to refuse the activities that he was deferred to him .

hã <unk> tten am vergangenen sonntag , also am 8. februar , wahlen stattgefunden , dann hã <unk> tte nach aussagen von infratest dimap - einem der groã <unk> en deutschen wahlforschungsinstitute - eine mitte-rechts-koalition bestehend aus christdemokraten und liberalen 57 % der stimmen auf sich vereint .
if national elections had , say , been held last sunday , february 8 , a centre-right coalition consisting of the christian democrats and the liberals would have won 57 % of the vote , according to &quot; infratest dimap , &quot; one of germany &apos;s main polling institutes .
on sunday , on 8 february , elections took place , the armed forces will then be held , in the wake of what has been said about the test test of distress , a gross national election institute , a centre-judicial coalition of christian democrats and liberals , 57 % of the votes are united .
last sunday , in other words on 8 february , elections took place , then there will be an urgent call for action to be held on the basis of what mr mdp &apos;s test - one of the gross national electoral institute - a joint coalition of members of the christian democrats and liberals and 57 % of the votes .

außerdem : wenn es politikern verwehrt wäre , wahlen zu gewinnen , indem sie manchen geld wegnehmen , einschließlich zukünftigen generationen , die einen teil dieser rechnung bezahlen müssen , um es anderen zukommen zu lassen , müssten sie sich viel mehr anstrengen , ihre fähigkeit unter beweis zu stellen , dem gemeinwohl zu dienen .
after all , if politicians could not win elections by taking money from some-including future generations , which will have to foot a portion of the bill-and giving it to others , they would have to work much harder to display some ability in producing public benefits for all .
in addition , if politicians were not allowed to win elections by taking some money , including future generations , who must pay some of them in order to allow others , they would have to be much more rigorous to demonstrate their ability to serve the public .
furthermore , if politicians were not allowed to win elections by taking some money away , including future generations who have to pay a part of these , to leave it to others , they would have to be much more rigorous to demonstrate their ability to serve the public .

es ist nicht so , dass das ende der europäischen währungsunion auf der tagesordnung stünde , es ist bloß , dass die leute angefangen haben , sich mögliche , wenn auch wenig wahrscheinliche zukunftsszenarien vorzustellen , in denen das ende der ewu eventuell auf die tagesordnung gesetzt wird .
it is not that the end of european monetary union is on the agenda ; it is merely that people have begun thinking about possible low-probability futures in which the end of emu might be placed on the agenda .
it is not the case that the end of the european monetary union would be on the agenda , but it is simply that people have started to present themselves , even if there are little likely future scenarios in which the end of emu may be placed on the agenda .
it is not the case that the end of the european monetary union would be on the agenda , it is simply that the people have started to present themselves with the possibility , even if there are little likely future scenarios in which the end of emu may be placed on the agenda .

ein teil dessen , was geschehen ist - oder eher , was nicht geschehen ist - ist bewundernswert . es wurde fast nichts unternommen , um der kritik an der regierung einen maulkorb vorzubinden , wie es etwa in china geschieht oder für diktaturen typisch ist .
part of what happened--or , rather what didn &apos;t happen--is admirable : almost no effort was made to muzzle criticism of the government , as happens in china and scores of dictatorial countries .
some of the things that have happened - or rather what has not happened - have been admirable , and almost nothing has been done to limit the criticism of the government to a corner , as is happening in china or for dictatorships .
what has happened - or rather what has not happened - has been admirable , almost nothing has been done to make the criticism of the government a corb , as is happening in china or is typical of dictatorships .

die krise argentiniens am ende des jahres 2001 ähnelte fatal der baring brothers-krise des jahres 1890 - mit dem unterschied , dass politiker und internationale banker im jahr 1890 mit besseren ideen zur schadensminimierung aufwarten konnten als heute .
argentina &apos;s crisis at the end of 2001 looked remarkably like argentina &apos;s baring brothers crisis of 1890 -- save that politicians and international bankers seem to have had a much better idea of what to do to minimize the damage in 1890 than they do today .
at the end of 2001 , argentina &apos;s crisis was similar to the crisis of the barbrother-brothering crisis in 1890 - with the difference that politicians and international bankers were able to wait in 1890 with better ideas on compensation for compensation today .
at the end of 2001 , the crisis in argentina , the crisis of argentina , which was similar at the end of 2001 , led to the loss of barbrothering crisis in 1890 - the difference between politicians and international bankers in 1890 in 1890 , with better ideas on compensation for compensation than we have seen today .

( die aktualisierten prognosen werden anfang dezember veröffentlicht . ) &quot; die phase der zurückhaltung bei löhnen und gehältern geht möglicherweise zu ende , &quot; warnt otmar issing , chefökonom der ezb , und impliziert damit , dass die steil ansteigenden energiepreise sich möglicherweise nun auf das allgemeine preisniveau niederschlagen ( so genannte &quot; zweitrundeneffekte &quot; ) .
&quot; the period of wage moderation may be coming to an end , &quot; warns otmar issing , the ecb &apos;s chief economist , implying that soaring energy prices may now be feeding through into the overall price level ( so-called &quot; second-round effects &quot; ) .
the latest forecasts will be published at the beginning of december : &apos; the period of restraint and salaries may end up at the end of the &apos; warsaw &apos; , &apos; warranted &apos; , &apos; , &apos; warranted &apos; , &apos; , &apos; warranted &apos; , &apos; eel , eel , efd , the ecb , and economic growth , so that the rise in energy prices may now be based on the lower level of energy prices ( so-called &apos; lower prices &apos; ) &apos; .
the current forecasts will be published at the beginning of december , &apos; the period of restraint and distances may end , &apos; warmest , the ecb , and the economist economy , and that the increase in energy prices may now be based on the general level of price ( so-called &apos; second effects &apos; ) .

zwischen 1985 und 2005 gaben die übertrieben zukunftsgläubigen 10-jahres-prognosen ab , welche die chancen großer positiver veränderungen sowohl an den finanzmärkten ( z.b. ein dow jones industrial average mit 36.000 punkten ) wie innerhalb der weltpolitik ( z.b. ruhe im nahen osten und dynamisches wachstum in schwarzafrika ) deutlich übertrieben darstellten .
between 1985 and 2005 , boomsters made 10-year forecasts that exaggerated the chances of big positive changes in both financial markets ( e.g. , a dow jones industrial average of 36,000 ) and world politics ( e.g. , tranquility in the middle east and dynamic growth in sub-saharan africa ) .
in 1985 and 2005 , the exaggerated annual forecasts set out in favour of major positive changes to the financial markets ( for example , a maryb with 36000 points ) in the world policy , such as in the middle east , for example , in the middle east and in africa , have shown the excessive growth in the future .
in 2005 , the credited annual annual accounts of the financial markets , which have made it very clear that , for example , there were 36000 points in the world policy , such as stable growth in the middle east and undeclared growth in africa , for example , in the context of the middle east .

