die ezb darf dem beispiel der fed nicht folgen
don &apos;t follow the fed
the ecb must not follow the example of the direction of the headline .
the ecb must not follow the example of the factory .

nicht alle sind über diese nachricht glücklich .
not everyone is happy with this news .
not all of them are happy about this news .
not everyone is happy about this news .

der rest der welt sollte statt dessen
instead , the rest of the world should
instead , the rest of the world should take its action .
the rest of the world should take place instead of that .

wenige länder überzeugen hierbei voll .
few countries score strongly here .
a few countries are fully convinced of this .
a few countries are fully convinced of this .

im schatten der d-mark
in the d-mark &apos;s shadow
in the shadow of the mark ,
in the shadow of the d mark

tatsächlich kommen frankreich und deutschland nicht von natur aus gut miteinander aus .
indeed , france and germany do not get along naturally .
in fact , france and germany do not come from nature well .
indeed , france and germany do not come from nature well .

wir franzosen sind gegen ein &quot; europa der zwei geschwindigkeiten &quot; .
we french are opposed to building a &quot; two-speed &quot; europe .
we french are against a &apos; europe of two speed &apos; .
we french are against a &apos; europe of two speeds &apos; .

es sollte eine systematische überprüfung aller inspizierten stätten erfolgen .
there should be a systematic review of sites that were visited .
it should be a systematic review of all inspired sites .
it should be a systematic review of all the interesting sites .

daher spielt der internationale vergleich der systeme eine wichtige rolle .
international comparison of systems therefore plays an important role .
that is why the international comparison of systems plays an important role .
therefore , international comparison of systems plays an important role .

zum glück war großbritannien immer schon ein außenseiter .
fortunately , britain has always been an outsider .
fortunately , britain has always been a foreign minister .
fortunately , britain has always been a foreign country .

internationale überwachung kann auch vor missbrauch solcher mechanismen schützen .
international monitoring can also safeguard against frivolous use of such mechanisms .
international surveillance can also protect from abuse of such mechanisms .
international monitoring can also be protected from abuse of such mechanisms .

die volle konvertierbarkeit der umsatzkonten folgte im august 1994 .
full convertibility on the current account followed in august 1994 .
in august 1994 , the full conservation of the accounts followed in august 1994 .
in august 1994 , the full consumption of the turnover of the accounts was followed .

die regierung von chávez hat die situation der armen in venezuela keineswegs verbessert .
the chávez government has not helped venezuela &apos;s poor in any significant way .
the chávez government has not improved the situation of the poor in venezuela .
the government of chávez did not improve the situation of the poor in venezuela .

was für kinder und erwachsene gilt , trifft auch auf internationale institutionen zu .
what &apos;s true of children and adults is also true of international institutions .
what is happening for children and adults is also true in international institutions .
what applies to children and adults also applies to international institutions .

ist indien auf die wechselkursfreigabe seiner währung vorbereitet ?
is india ready for full currency convertibility ?
is india prepared for the exchange rate of exchange rates in its currency ?
is india prepared on the exchange rate exchange rate of its currency ?

in diesem fall wäre der rasche rücktritt der beiden die wichtigste konsequenz .
in that case , a critical step towards healing the world would be their quick departure from office .
in this case , the rapid resignation of the two would be the most important consequence .
in this case , the rapid resignation of the two would be the most important consequence .

es besteht die möglichkeit , dass man die eu als verstärker der asymmetrie empfindet .
there &apos;s a chance that it would be perceived as a pointer to this asymmetry .
there is a possibility that the eu should be considered more than the asymmetry .
there is an opportunity for the eu to be seen as more asymmetrical .

in diesem monat steht wasser beim vierten weltwasserforum in mexiko-stadt wieder im mittelpunkt .
this month , water once again takes center stage at the fourth world water forum in mexico city .
this month water is at the heart of the fourth world water forum in mexico city .
this month water is at the fourth world water forum in mexican city .

doch liegt bei der sicherheit verschreibungspflichtiger medikamente eine völlig andere situation vor .
but the situation is far different concerning the safety of prescription drugs .
however , the safety of prescriptive medicines is a completely different situation .
however , there is a completely different situation in the safety of prescriptive medicines .

sogar im sport sind die osteuropäer schon lange in das europäische gefüge eingegliedert .
even in sport , east europeans have long been integrated with the rest of europe .
even in sport , the eastern europeans have been integrated into the european structure for a long time .
even in sport , the eastern europeans have already been divided into the european structure for a long time .

politiker und strategen halten ihren wirtschaftspolitischen ansatz für die allein selig machende wahrheit .
politicians and policymakers advance their approach to economics as the &quot; one true doctrine . &quot;
politicians and strategic believe that their economic policy approach is the only secondary truth .
politicians and strategic view of their economic policy approach to the truth alone .

sie haben ihre lehren aus der situation in lateinamerika und asien in den neunziger jahren des vorigen jahrhunderts gezogen .
they have learned the lesson from latin america and asia in the 1990 &apos;s .
you have learned your lessons from the situation in latin america and asia in the nineties of the last century .
they have learned their lessons from the situation in latin america and asia in the 1990s of the last century .

als rechtfertigung für diesen krieg konnte die tatsache , dass saddam hussein ein tyrann ist , nicht dienen .
the iraq war was not and could not be justified on the basis that saddam hussein was a tyrant .
as a justification for this war , the fact that saddam hussein is a tyranny was unable to serve .
as a justification for this war , saddam hussein has not been able to act as a justification for this war .

es gibt keinen sichereren weg in die wirtschaftliche katastrophe , als sich historische scheuklappen anzulegen .
there is no more certain route to economic disaster than to put on historical blinders .
there is no more secure way in the economic disaster than an historic disaster .
there is no safer way to go into the economic disaster than to face up to historical disorders .

außerdem befürchtet man , dass islamisten die türkei eines tages in einen fundamentalistischen staat verwandeln könnten .
it is also feared that islamists may one day turn turkey into a fundamentalist state .
moreover , there are fears that islamic people could turn turkey into a fundamentalist state one day .
furthermore , we fear that islamic people could turn turkey into a fundamentalist state one day .

aus der starren tschechoslowakischen kommunistischen partei konnte keine gefestigte sozialdemokratische partei hervorgehen .
no strong social democratic party in czechoslovakia could emerge from the rigid czechoslovak communist party .
the socialist party has not been consolidated from the rigid czechoslovak communist party .
there has been no strong socialist party from the rigid czechoslovak communist party .

jede voraussage über ein ende des booms setzt wissen darüber voraus , warum er an so vielen orten eingesetzt hat .
any prediction concerning the boom &apos;s end requires understanding why it occurred in so many places .
every statement about an end to the boy presupposes why he has used so many places .
any preliminary statement on an end to the boda makes it clear why he used so many places .

kurz gesagt , sie befürchten , dass alle opfer , die für die preisstabilität gemacht wurden , umsonst gewesen sein werden .
in short , they fear that all of the sacrifices made for price stability will have been in vain .
in short , you fear that all the victims who have been made for price stability will otherwise have been killed .
in short , you fear that all the victims made for price stability will otherwise have been changed .

zhao wurde nicht getötet , sondern durfte in einem alten pekinger hofhaus mit seiner familie leben .
zhao was not killed , but allowed to live in an old beijing courtyard house with his family .
zhao was not killed , but was allowed to live in an old pedestrian court with his family .
mr zhao has not been killed , but in a old beijing court , he had to live with his family .

im nahen osten warten alle darauf , dass unter den arabern ein neuer anwar sadat aufkommen möge .
in the middle east , everyone waits for a new anwar sadat to arise among the arabs .
in the middle east , all of us are waiting for a new anger among the arabs .
in the middle east , everyone is waiting for a new anger among the arab people .

seit jeher floss ein großteil des eu-budgets entweder in die landwirtschaft oder in die entwicklung rückständiger regionen .
traditionally , a large majority of the budget has gone either on agriculture or on the development of backward regions .
there has always been a large proportion of the eu budget either in agriculture or in the development of permanent regions .
for the time being , a large part of the eu budget has always been included either in agriculture or in the development of permanent regions .

doch gibt eine verschiebung kostunica lediglich mehr raum , um wege zu finden , die entscheidung des sicherheitsrates noch schwieriger zu gestalten .
but delay only offers more room for kostunica to find ways to make a security council decision more difficult .
however , a postponement of costs is only an area in which to find ways of making the security council decision even more difficult .
however , a postponement of costs is only more space to find ways of making the security council &apos;s decision even more difficult .

unabhängige haushaltspolitische institutionen oder bestimmungen wie der stabilitätspakt stehen der politischen vereinnahmung der haushaltspolitik aber im weg und das kommt teuer .
independent fiscal authorities-or fiscal rules such as the stability pact-stand in the way of this political use of fiscal policy , which is costly .
however , independent budgetary institutions or provisions such as the stability pact are the political link in budgetary policy , and this is expensive .
independent budgetary institutions or provisions such as the stability pact are , however , the political uniformity of budgetary policy and that is expensive .

von den früheren sozialistischen volkswirtschaften osteuropas und der sowjetunion haben nur wenige das produktionsniveau , das vor 1990 vorherrschte , beibehalten können .
among the former socialist economies of eastern europe and the soviet union , few have caught up with real output levels that prevailed before 1990 .
from the former socialist economies of eastern europe and the soviet union , only a few of the levels of production that were expected before 1990 can be maintained .
the former socialist economies of eastern europe and the soviet union have only been able to maintain a few of the production levels that were expected before 1990 .

und in der außenpolitik wie beim tischlern gilt : man braucht die richtigen werkzeuge , wenn man erfolg haben will .
success in foreign policy , as in carpentry , requires the right tools for the job .
we need the right tools if we want to succeed in foreign policy , as is the case with the tigers .
foreign policy and foreign policy as well as the tips : we need the right tools if we want to succeed .

bei seinem ersten besuch in der heimat kurz nach seiner wahl wurde der welt die macht des neuen papstes vor augen geführt .
his first return visit to his native country soon afterwards showed to all the world the new pope &apos;s power .
in his first visit to the country , shortly after its election , the world has brought the power of the new pope to a close .
during his first visit to the home , the world has just been aware of the power of the new pope .

gemäß den theorien von keynes argumentiert man , dass defizite das vertrauen wiederherstellen , bevor eine rezession oder depression überhaupt eintritt .
following keynes , they argue that running deficits will restore confidence before a recession or depression can take hold .
according to the theories of keyman , we argue that deficits restore confidence before a recession or depression occur at all .
in accordance with the monopolies , we argue that deficits will restore confidence before a recession or depression comes at all .

diese regelung wurde später durch ein zweistufensystem für wechselkurse ersetzt , wodurch die rupie teilweise konvertierbar wurde .
exporters could exchange 30 % of their earnings at the market rate .
this regulation was replaced later by a two-stage exchange rate system , which was partly conducive to the unscrupulous animal .
this regulation was subsequently replaced by a two-wheeled system for exchange rates , which has partly been contested .

und was kommt als nächstes für die ezb , die soeben erst die zinssätze um 0,25 % erhöht hat , nach 30 monaten ohne anpassung ?
and what next for the ecb , which has just nudged up interest rates by 0.25 % , after 30 months on hold .
and what will happen next to the ecb , which has only just increased interest rates by 0.25 % , after 30 months without adaptation ?
and what will happen next to the ecb , which has just increased interest rates by 0.25 % , after 30 months without adaptation ?

so scheint assad beispielsweise noch immer nicht zu erkennen , wie sehr die bush-administration sein regime mit dem terrorismus in verbindung bringt .
for example , assad apparently still does not realize how much the bush administration associates his regime with terrorism .
for example , assad does not appear to be aware of the fact that , for example , the bush administration brings its regime into contact with terrorism .
for example , it seems that assad still does not seem to see how the bush administration is linked to its regime with terrorism .

ein wichtiger schritt auf palästinensischer seite wäre , die kontrolle der palästinensischen autonomiebehörde über ein dutzend sicherheitsdienste und milizen zu stärken .
on the palestinian side , consolidation of the palestinian authority &apos;s control over a dozen security services and militias would be an important step .
an important step on the palestinian side would be to strengthen the control of the palestinian authority over a dozens of security services and militias .
an important step on the palestinian side would be to strengthen the control of the palestinian authority over a dozens of security services and militia .

dies ist bei totalitären oder fundamentalistischen regimen nicht der fall ; will man eine freiheitliche gesellschaft fördern , bleibt nur , diese zu beseitigen .
this is not true of totalitarian or fundamentalist regimes , because , to foster free societies , they must be deposed .
this is not the case with totalitarian or fundamentalist regimes ; we want to promote a free society , only remains to eliminate them .
this is not the case with totalitarian or fundamentalist regimes ; we want to promote a free society , but only to eliminate them .

die ezb darf nicht denselben fehler machen -- selbst wenn man berücksichtigt , dass die beiden zentralbanken in unterschiedlichen milieus und unter unterschiedlichen einschränkungen agieren .
the ecb must not make the same mistake , even bearing in mind that the two central banks operate in different milieus and under different constraints .
the ecb must not make the same mistake - even if it is taken into account that the two central banks operate in different militia and different restrictions .
the ecb must not make the same mistake - even if it takes account of the fact that the two central banks are acting in different militia and in different restrictions .

im kosovo fehlt es an einer derartigen klarheit ; infolgedessen haben nato und vereinte nationen keine klare vorstellung davon , wann und wie beide abziehen sollten .
in kosovo , such clarity is and has been absent ; as a result , nato and the un have no clear idea about when and how both should leave .
in kosovo , there is no such clarity ; nato and united nations have no clear idea of when and how both should withdraw .
in kosovo , there is no such clarity ; as a result , nato and united nations have no clear idea of when and how both should withdraw .

frankreich und deutschland sind keine achsenmächte , die danach streben , als wie auch immer geartete alternative führungsmacht zu den usa aufzutreten .
france and germany are not an axis aspiring to be some sort of an alternative leadership to the us .
france and germany are not an aspiring powers who are seeking , as is always the case , alternative leadership to the united states .
france and germany are not an achronistic powers that are seeking to move towards the us , as has always been the alternative power to the united states .

das alte sprichwort sagt : &quot; ein gramm vorsorge ist besser als ein pfund heilung . &quot; dies gilt mit besonderem nachdruck für die geldpolitik .
the old adage that &quot; an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure &quot; applies with particular force to monetary policy .
the old saying is that &apos; a grams is better than a poll &apos; , and this is particularly important for monetary policy .
the old saying says : &apos; a grams is better than a cure , &apos; this applies to monetary policy with particular emphasis .

die entwicklung in europa ist schwach , so argumentieren sie , nicht aufgrund ihres eigenen versäumnisses , strukturreformen anzuführen , sondern weil die zinsen zu hoch sind .
europe is doing badly , they argue , not because of their own failure to lead the structural reform process , but because interest rates are too high .
the development of europe is weak , so they argue , not because of their own failure to carry out structural reforms , but because interest rates are too high .
the development of europe is weak , as it says , not because of its own failure to lead to structural reforms , but because interest rates are too high .

an dieser stelle nun werden ihnen unliebenswürdige skeptiker hämisch glucksend erklären , dass wir die medien hätten , die wir verdienen .
at this point , uncharitable <<unk>> tics chortle that we get the media we deserve .
at this point , you will now explain to you unloved sceptics that we would have the media that we deserve .
at this point , you are going to explain to you unpleasant sceptics , mr glucko , that we would have the media that we deserve .

die wasserinfrastruktur kann und muss parallel zu soliden institutionen , guter verwaltung , starker rücksichtnahme auf die umwelt und einer gerechten verteilung der kosten und vorteile ausgebaut werden .
water infrastructure can and must be developed in parallel with sound institutions , good governance , great attention to the environment , and an equitable sharing of costs and benefits .
water infrastructure can and must be developed in parallel with sound institutions , good administration , strong consideration on the environment and fair distribution of costs and benefits .
water infrastructure can and must be developed in parallel with sound institutions , good administration , strong control on the environment and fair distribution of costs and benefits .

gutes regieren kann ein solches positivsummen-spiel bestärken und sicherstellen , dass unternehmen und individuen innerhalb der länder in den genuss seiner vorteile kommen .
good governance can enhance this positive-sum game , and ensure that companies and individuals within countries partake of the benefits .
good governance can strengthen such a positive consumer game and ensure that businesses and individuals within the countries benefit from their benefits .
good governance can strengthen such a positive consumer game and ensure that companies and individuals in countries benefit from their benefits .

wieder andere meinen , dass es zwar offenkundig entscheidend sei , zu wirtschaftswachstum zurückzukehren , doch dass die erholung , , im geiste des paktes`<unk> erfolgen müsse .
still others say that while it is clearly essential to restore economic growth , the recovery must occur ``within the spirit of the pact . &apos; &apos;
others think it is obvious that it is essential to return to economic growth , but that recovery , in the spirit of the pact , must take place in the spirit of the pact .
others believe that it is obviously crucial to return to economic growth , but that the recovery , in the spirit of the pact , must take place .

diese kluft zwischen menschenrechten und dem verhalten von staatsführern führte zum größten wandel in der handhabung internationaler angelegenheiten unserer zeit - der einführung , , humanitärer interventionen &quot; .
this gap between human rights and the behavior of rulers has brought about the greatest shift in the conduct of international affairs in our time--the advent of &quot; humanitarian intervention . &quot;
this gap between human rights and the behaviour of state leaders led to the greatest change in the management of international affairs in our time - the introduction , humanitarian interventions .
this gap between human rights and the behaviour of leaders has led to the greatest change in the management of international affairs in our time - the introduction , humanitarian interventions &apos; .

finanzexperten , die die höhe der staatsschulden berechnen , versuchen politiker davon abzuhalten , uns mit leistungsversprechungen hereinzulegen , von deren zukünftigen kosten sie keine ahnung haben .
the accountants who compute government deficits try to keep politicians from fooling us into accepting the benefits they offer without understanding something of the future cost .
financial experts who calculate the level of state debt are trying to prevent politicians from making us with performance promises from which they will not have any idea of their future costs .
financial experts who calculate the level of state debt are trying to try to send politicians to us with performance promises , from whose future costs they have no idea .

dies alles unter einen hut zu bringen , würde selbst den erfahrensten politiker auf eine harte probe stellen . ob präsident roh erfolgreich sein wird , bleibt daher abzuwarten .
reconciling those goals would test even the most experienced and cynical of politicians , so it is anyone &apos;s guess as to whether president roh can succeed .
to bring all of this to a hut , even the most experienced politicians would be on a hard test , and whether president roh will be successful , it will continue to be waiting for .
if president roh is to be successful , then it would be possible to wait for the most experienced politicians to face up to a hard test .

ist es , dass sie manchmal selbst nach dem besuch einer grundschule des lesens und schreibens nahezu unkundig sind ? oder dass sie es sich nicht leisten können ?
is it because they are sometimes close to being illiterate even after primary school , or because it is unaffordable ?
is it the case that , sometimes after the visit of a basic school of the reading and letter , they are almost unfamiliar ? or are they unable to afford them ?
is it the fact that they sometimes , even after the visit of a basic school of lesbian and letter , are almost uncustomable ? or are they unable to afford it ?

leider wurde das programm abgebrochen , bevor seine ergebnisse auf die geschäftswelt angewandt werden konnten -- fast mit sicherheit , weil es eine bedrohung für die großunternehmen darstellte .
unfortunately , the research program was cancelled before its findings could be applied in the business world , almost certainly because it threatened large companies .
unfortunately , the programme was broken before its results were applied to the business world - almost with certainty , because it was a threat to big business .
unfortunately , the programme was broken before its results were applied to the business world - almost certainly because it was a threat to large companies .

nachdem bulgarien und rumänien der aufnahme näher rücken und mit der türkei und kroatien bald beitrittsgespräche beginnen , ist es an der zeit , diesen standpunkt einmal genauer zu hinterfragen .
as bulgaria and romania come closer to membership , and with accession talks with turkey and croatia set to begin , it has become increasingly important to challenge that view .
now that bulgaria and romania are moving closer to the inclusion and start talks with turkey and croatia soon , it is time to address this position more closely .
after bulgaria and romania moving closer to accession and start talks with turkey and croatia soon , it is time for this position to be dealt with more closely .

doch - wichtiger noch - wenn die privateinkommen sinken , steigen die sozialausgaben der regierung und lösen eine erholung bei der nachfrage , den erträgen , den investitionen und bei der beschäftigung aus .
but , more importantly , when private incomes fall , government social-welfare expenditures rise , sparking a recovery in demand , output , investment , and employment .
but , more importantly , if private income is reduced , the social expenditure of the government is increasing and the recovery of demand , contracts , investment and employment will be resolved .
but , more importantly , if private incomes fall , the social expenditure of the government and solve a recovery in demand , procurement , investment and employment .

anfänglich wollte man nicht einmal currency boards akzeptieren , aber es wurden , wie in europa üblich , ausnahmen gemacht : länder mit einem currency board dürfen dieses system bis nach ihrem eu-beitritt beibehalten .
initially , even currency boards were considered unacceptable , although , as is often the case in europe , exceptions were made : countries with currency boards could keep them after entry into the eu .
at the beginning , we did not even want to accept the same level , but , as is customary in europe , exceptions were made : countries with a similar board must retain this system until their accession to the eu .
first of all , we did not even want to accept binding bogus , but , as usual in europe , exceptions have been made : countries with a governing board should retain this system until their accession to the eu .

wenn die zahl stimmt , stellen medikamentös bedingte sterbefälle die viert- oder fünfthäufigste todesursache dar ( je nach verwendeten sterblichkeitsschätzungen ) .
if true , drug-induced death would qualify as the fourth or fifth leading cause of death ( depending on which mortality estimates are used ) .
if the number is true , mediocre cases are the four-year or fifth cause of death ( depending on estimated mortality rates ) .
if the number is true , medicine is the fourth or five main cause of death ( depending on the use of mortality estimates ) .

das zweigeteilte wechselkurssystem wirkte wie eine exportsteuer ; doch konnte es sich nicht lange halten und machte bald den weg für einheitliche wechselkurse im bereich des außenhandels frei .
the two-tier exchange-rate system acted as an export tax , but it did not survive for long , giving way to a unified exchange rate on the trade account .
the dual exchange rate system , as was the case with an export tax , has not been able to keep up for a long time and has soon been able to open the way for a single exchange rate in the field of external trade .
the double exchange system , like an export tax , has not been long enough , and soon the way for a single exchange rate in the area of foreign trade has been free .

das heißt allerdings nicht , dass dinge zur erhaltung des lebens ( oder einer lebensart ) , wie die verteidigung , nicht einer nüchternen und strengen wirtschaftlichen analyse unterzogen werden dürfen .
but that doesn &apos;t mean that issues involving the preservation of life ( or a way of life ) , like defense , should not be subjected to cool , hard economic analysis .
this does not mean , however , that things should not be done to preserve life ( or a way of life ) , such as defence , not to be subject to a sound and rigorous economic analysis .
however , this does not mean , however , that things must be subject to the conservation of life ( or to a lifestyle ) , such as defence , not to be subject to a serious and rigorous economic analysis .

der ton von ezb-präsident jean-claude trichets bemerkungen in der frage- und antwortstunde der sich an die sitzung vom oktober anschließenden pressekonferenz war ungewohnt zinsbullisch .
the tone of ecb president jean-claude trichet &apos;s comments in the q &amp; a section of the press conference following the october meeting was unusually hawkish .
the tone of the remarks made by mr jean-claude trichets in the question - and the hour of the press conference held in october following the meeting of october was invaluable interest rates .
the tone of the bureau of mr jean-claude trit &apos;s remarks in the question and reply to the sitting of the press conference held in october was unsuitable .

wir sind alliierte der usa ; unser verfassungsentwurf betont einmal mehr die wichtigkeit der verbindung über die nato ; unsere wachstumsstrategie und unser beitrag zur weltweiten stabilität hängen von unserer unersetzbaren beziehung zu amerika ab .
we are all allies of the us ; our draft constitution restates the importance of the nato link ; our strategy for growth and our contribution to global stability depend on the irreplaceable nature of our relationship with america .
we are allies of the united states ; our draft constitution once again emphasises the importance of the link between nato ; our growth strategy and our contribution to global stability depend on our unworkable relationship with america .
we are allies of the united states ; our draft constitution once again emphasises the importance of the link with nato ; our growth strategy and our contribution to global stability depend on our unworkable relationship with america .

mit der ankündigung ihrer entschlossenheit , eine strategische nmd voranzutreiben , haben die usa für politische turbulenzen gesorgt . falls größerer schaden abgewendet werden soll , müssen sie sich mit diesen turbulenzen befassen .
by announcing its determination to go ahead with a distant nmd , the us has created political turbulence which it must address now if major damage is to be avoided .
with the announcement of your determination to push forward a strategic nmd , the united states has ensured political turbulence , and if more damage is to be done , it must deal with these turbulence .
with the announcement of your determination to push forward a strategic nmd , the united states has ensured political enrichment , and if greater damage is to be taken , they must look at these turbulence .

die gemeinsame antwort , die 2000 gefunden wurde , ist die &quot; lissabon-strategie &quot; , deren ziel es ist , die eu bis 2010 zum &quot; dynamischsten und wettbewerbsfähigsten wissensbasierten wirtschaftsraum der welt &quot; zu machen .
the collective response , adopted in 2000 , has been the &quot; lisbon strategy , &quot; which aims at making the eu &quot; the most dynamic and competitive knowledge-based economy in the world &quot; by 2010 .
the joint response that was found in 2000 is the &apos; lisbon strategy &apos; , the aim of which is to make the eu the most dynamic and competitive knowledge-based economy in the world by 2010 .
the joint response that was found in 2000 is the &apos; lisbon strategy &apos; , whose objective is to make the eu the most dynamic and competitive knowledge-based economy in the world by 2010 .

bis heute sind über 1 milliarde dollar in form von zuwendungen der global environment facility ( gef ) und 8 milliarden dollar an kofinanzierungen in programme im zusammenhang mit dem klimawandel geflossen .
to date , over $ 1 billion dollars in global environment facility ( gef ) grants , together with about $ 8 billion in co-financing , have been committed to programs related to climate change .
up to now , more than 1 billion dollars have been in the form of the total amount of global consumption ( ecf ) and usd 8 billion of cofinance in programmes related to climate change .
up to now , more than 1 billion dollars have been made in the form of the total allocation of the world &apos;s environment ( gas ) and 8 billion dollars of cofinance in programmes related to climate change .

ärzte fühlen sich unter umständen schuldig und fürchten sich vor prozessen , pharmaunternehmen macht die bedrohung ihrer firmenprofite sorgen , und aufsichtsämter müssen sich die frage stellen : &quot; warum wurde das medikament zunächst zugelassen ? &quot;
physicians may feel guilty and fear litigation , drug companies worry about the threat to corporate profits and regulatory agencies must face the question : &quot; why was the drug approved in the first place ? &quot;
doctors feel guilty of themselves under circumstances and fear of processes , pharmaceutical companies make the threat of their company profits , and must ask themselves the question : &apos; why was the medicine first authorised ? &apos;
doctors feel guilty , in circumstances , and fear of processes , pharmaceutical companies are facing the threat of their profits , and any visible question must be asked : &apos; why was the medicine first authorised ? &apos;

als der von den vereinten nationen ernannte ombudsmann im kosovo während der vergangenen fünf jahre hatte ich die einzigartige gelegenheit , die folgewirkungen dieser doktrin nach der intervention der nato im früheren jugoslawien 1999 zu beobachten .
as the united nations-appointed ombudsperson in kosovo for the past five years , i have had the unique opportunity to observe the aftereffects of that doctrine following nato &apos;s intervention in the former yugoslavia in 1999 .
during the last five years i had the unique opportunity to observe the following effects of this doctrine following the intervention of nato in the former yugoslavia in 1999 .
as the ombudsman appointed by the united nations , in kosovo over the last five years , i had the unique opportunity to monitor the follow-up effects of this doktrum following nato &apos;s intervention in the former yugoslavia 1999 .

ein geländewagen , der bei einer 16 kilometer langen stadtfahrt eine gallone ( fast vier liter ) benzin verbraucht , pumpt ca. drei kilogramm co2 in die atmosphäre .
an suv going ten miles in the city and burning a gallon of gasoline pumps about three kilograms of carbon into the atmosphere .
a brilliant car who needs a gallone ( almost four litre ) in a 16 kilometres of city ( almost four litre ) , pumping around three kilograms of co2 into the atmosphere .
if we are to have a wasteful car , which needs a gallone in a 16 kilometres of long town ( almost four litre ) bentses ) , pumping around three kilograms of co2 into the atmosphere .

doch die herausforderung besteht darin , ein anderes regelwerk zur förderung von wirtschaftsentwicklung anzubieten , ohne in die falle zu tappen , wieder nur einen anderen unpraktischen plan zu verkündigen , der angeblich jederzeit auf alle länder passt .
but the challenge is to provide an alternative set of policy guidelines for promoting development , without falling into the trap of promulgating yet another impractical blueprint , supposedly right for all countries at all times .
after all , the challenge is to offer a different framework for promoting economic development without , in the event of a taste , making a different practical plan , which is allegedly fit for all countries at any time .
however , the challenge is to offer a different set of rules to promote economic development , without being able to go back to the event , to repeat just another non-practical plan , which seems to be at any time to all countries at all times .

obwohl sich die region noch immer von jahrzehnten der kommunistischen misswirtschaft erholt , beschert die zersplitterung der politischen rechten der politischen linken , die in einigen fällen von ehemaligen kommunisten repräsentiert werden , regelmäßig wahlerfolge .
despite the fact the region is still recovering from decades of communist mismanagement , the political right &apos;s fragmentation helped the political left , in some cases represented by former communists , to win democratic elections regularly .
despite the fact that the region is still recovering itself from decades of communist mismanagement , the fragmentation of the political rights of the left , which , in some cases , are represented by former communists , regularly represents electoral successes .
despite the fact that the region continues to recover from decades of the communist economy , the fragmentation of the political rights of the political left , which , in some cases , is represented by former communists , regularly election successes .

auch die rolle , die der private sektor bei der entscheidungsfindung spielt , bedarf der klärung . wenn wirtschaftsinteressen einen zu großen einfluss auf die regierung haben , könnte ihr verlangen , gewinnbringend zu arbeiten , zu einer politik führen , welche die wenigen vor den vielen begünstigt .
the private sector &apos;s role in decision-making , too , often needs to be clarified--where businesses have too much influence over government , their need to operate profitable may lead to policies that favor the few over the many .
the role played by the private sector in decision-making needs clarification ; if economic interests have a major influence on the government , they could demand their profit to work , lead to a policy that benefits the few people .
the role played by the private sector in decision-making requires clarification , and if economic interests have a major influence on the government , they could demand that they work profitable , lead to a policy that benefits the few of the many people .

eine herangehensweise des &quot; zurück zu den grundlagen &quot; ist in drei mit einander verknüpften bereichen überlebenswichtig und hierbei müssen die staatsregierungen die führung übernehmen , nämlich bei der eindämmen der korruption , durchsetzung der eigentumsrechte und der durchgehende anwendung der rechtsstaatlichkeit .
a &quot; back to basics &quot; approach is vital in three inter-linked areas , in which national governments must take the lead : minimizing corruption , enforcing property rights , and consistent application of the rule of law .
a approach to the basis &apos; back on the basis &apos; is vital in three areas linked to each other and must take the leadership of state governments , namely to reduce corruption , the enforcement of property rights and the enforcement of the rule of law .
a approach to the &apos; return to the foundations &apos; is important in three areas linked to each other and , in this regard , the governments must take the lead , namely in the intervention of corruption , the enforcement of property rights and the application of the rule of law .

wenn es überzeugende beweise gibt , dass massenvernichtungswaffen bereit standen , dass man sie auch benutzen wollte , dass die aussichten der waffeninspektoren , diese zu finden und unschädlich zu machen denkbar gering waren , dann müssen wir die argumente von bush und blair anerkennen .
if compelling evidence proves that weapons of mass destruction were at hand ; that they were poised for use on a threatening scale ; that the un inspectors had poor prospects of uncovering and dismantling those weapons , then we must acknowledge the arguments made by bush and blair .
if there is convincing evidence that weapons of mass destruction were prepared to use them to ensure that the prospects of the weapons inspectors , to find them and not to be harmful , then we must recognise the arguments of bush and blair .
if there is convincing evidence that weapons of mass destruction were prepared to use it to use the prospects of the arms inspectors , to find them and to make them unharmful , then we must recognise the arguments of bush and blair .

das bedeutet , die unzähligen interessengruppen in die knie zu zwingen -- von den industrielobbys über die gewerkschaften bis zu den alteingesessenen bürokratien -- , die ihr revier ( bislang ) erfolgreich verteidigt haben .
that means facing down the myriad interest groups -- from industry lobbies to trade unions and entrenched bureaucracies -- that have ( so far ) successfully protected their turfs .
this means forcing the countless interest groups into the knever - from the industrialised countries via the trade unions to the old bureaucratic bureaucracies - which have successfully defended their refour ( so far ) .
this means that the countless interest groups will never force the knees - from the industrialised countries to trade unions to the old bureaucratic bureaucrats - who have successfully defended their four ( so far ) .

in der öffentlichkeit haben alle mitglieder der kontaktgruppe versucht , die frage nach dem endgültigen status des kosovo offen zu lassen , aber inoffiziell haben die usa und einige ihrer verbündeten den beiden parteien erklärt , dass sie die unabhängigkeit dieses jahr vorschlagen werden .
in public , all contact group members have tried to leave the question of kosovo &apos;s final status open , but informally the us and some of its allies have told the two parties that they will propose independence this year .
in public opinion , all members of the contact group have tried to open up the question of the final status of kosovo , but officially , the united states and some of its allies have declared to the two parties that they will propose the independence of this year .
in the public , all the members of the contact group have tried to open the question of the final status of kosovo , but officially , the united states and some of their allies have stated to both parties that they will propose the independence of this year .

schlimmstenfalls wird schrã <unk> der zugunsten kurzfristiger wahlerfolge erneut auf eine populistische politik verfallen , und mã ¼ ntefering kã <unk> nnte ihn in dieser methode bestã <unk> rken , um die verwundete sozialdemokratische seele vor vã <unk> lliger verzweiflung zu bewahren .
in the worst case , schröder will lapse back into populism for the sake of short-term electoral success , and müntefering will confirm that method so as to save the wounded social democratic soul from total despair .
at best , it will once again fall back to a populist policy in favour of short-term electoral successes , and in order to preserve the vulnerable social democratic forces against valley people &apos;s lives in this method of despair .
at worst , the most serious thing will be the cause of the success of the short-term election success once again in a populist policy , and the proclamation of the mnation of knin , which is the best way in which this method is used to preserve the sophisticated socialist social democrats against the vicious war of despair .

die menschen in shanghai sprechen vielleicht nicht über die eigenheimpreise in london , aber die meinungsmacher in shanghai wissen , was in london passiert und der dortige boom lässt es plausibel erscheinen , dass auch shanghai einen solchen boom erleben sollte .
people in shanghai may not talk about london home prices , but shanghai &apos;s opinion leaders know what is happening in london , and the boom there makes it seem plausible that there should be a boom in shanghai , too .
perhaps the people of shanghai are not talking about their own domestic prices in london , but the macher in shanghai know what is happening in london and what is happening in london and the boom of the boom is plausible that shanghai should also see such a boat .
perhaps the people in shanghai are not talking about the domestic prices in london , but the mackanghai people know what is happening in london and the dorram is plausible , that shhai should also see a boat of this kind .

im mai 1997 skizzierte der tarnpore-ausschuss zur konvertierung von kapitalkonten einen liberalisierungsprozess in drei schritten , der zwischen 1999 und 2000 zum abschluss kommen sollte . er betonte dabei zugleich auch die konsolidierung des staatshaushalts , verbindliche inflationsziele und ein starkes finanzsystem .
in may 1997 , the tarapore committee on capital account convertibility charted a three-stage liberalization process to be completed by 1999-2000 , with an accompanying emphasis on fiscal consolidation , a mandated inflation target , and a strong financial system .
at the same time , in may 1997 , the tarnpole committee drawn up a process of liberalisation in three steps to be taken between 1999 and 2000 , which , at the same time , stressed the consolidation of the state budget , binding inflation targets and a strong financial system .
in may 1997 , in may 1997 , the tarnpod committee described a process of liberalisation in three steps that should be concluded between 1999 and 2000 , as well as the consolidation of the state budget , binding inflation targets and a strong financial system .

so verlagerten sie die schuldenlast von zukünftigen generation auf investoren , die nicht beim ersten anzeichen einer preissteigerung vom anleihenmarkt absprangen oder einen immobilienkauf aufschoben , wenn die inflation den realen wert ihrer hypothekarschulden auszulöschen versprach .
they thus shifted the debt burden away from the next generation and onto investors who did not bail out of the bond market at the first sign of rising prices , or who postponed buying a house when inflation would have wiped out the real value of their mortgage debt .
they had the debt burden of future generation to investors , which did not stop at the first signs of an increase in prices from the bond market or a purchase of property , when inflation deserved the real value of their mortgage debt .
the burden of debt from future generation to investors , which did not reduce the first signs of a price increase from the bonds market or a property purchase if inflation was the real value of their mortgage debt .

beide politiker werden ein zweigespann bilden , aber schrã <unk> der wird stã <unk> rker auf mã ¼ nteferings loyalitã <unk> t angewiesen sein als mã ¼ ntefering auf schrã <unk> ders erfolg .
both politicians will constitute a tandem , but schröder will be more dependent on müntefering &apos;s loyalty than müntefering is dependent on schröder &apos;s success .
both politicians will be divided by two politicians , but the armed forces of the armed forces will depend on the armed forces on the violence of mntets , who are loyalty , on their own , on the scale of the violence of the day , on the part of the man , on the part of the political world , on the part of both sides of the european union , and on the other hand , on the other hand , on the part of both sides , on the other hand , on the part of both sides , and on the other hand , on the part of both sides of the european union , and the other , on the other hand , on the basis of the whole of the political forces of the european union .
both politicians will be divided , but the premise of the premise of the action process will be the most serious factor in the violence of the mdding of the loyalty of loyalty to the loyalty of the process of justice , as a proclamation of the mights in the world , will have to be committed to the success of the peace process .

obwohl die sozialdemokraten schrã <unk> der nie wirklich gemocht haben ( und ihn sicherlich nicht lieben wie den unvergessenen willy brandt ) , so sind sie ihm doch wohl oder ã ¼ bel gefolgt , solange sie ihn nach 16 frustrierenden jahren in der opposition wã <unk> hrend der kanzlerschaft helmut kohls ( 1982-1998 ) als einzigen garanten fã ¼ r den erfolg an der wahlurne betrachteten .
although the social democrats never really liked schröder ( they certainly do not love him in the way they did the unforgettable willy brandt ) , they willy-nilly followed him so long as they saw him as the only guarantor of electoral success after 16 frustrating years ( 1982-1998 ) in opposition to helmut kohl .
even though the social democrats have never really fled the likes of the people of the party ( and certainly not left him like the unforgotten willy brly brly ) , they have followed him , or followed by force , as long as , after 16 years of frustrating the armed forces in the opposition , the helplessness of the chancellor , who was the only guarantor of the election success of the election office in 1982 ( 1998 ) , they were in favour of the success of the trial .
even though the social democrats have never really shaken up the armies of the whole of the world , and certainly did not send him as to the unforgotten willy brly , they have followed him , or who , until after 16 long years of frustrating the opposition , they have been suffering the courage of the chancellor , mrs kohl , who was the only guarantor of the success of the election day in the elections , as a result of the success of the election campaign .

dieses vermächtnis war die grundlage des intellektuellen klimas in dem das vater-sohn-team william und lawrence bragg ausgebildet wurden und wo lawrence bragg--zunächst als student und später als doktorand - 1912 seine vorstellungen formulierte , die später zur röntgenstrukturanalyse führten .
this legacy shaped the intellectual environment in which the father-and-son team of william and lawrence bragg were trained , and where lawrence bragg--first as an undergraduate and then as a research student--developed in 1912 the ideas that led to x-ray structural analysis .
the legacy of this legacy was the basis of the intellectual climate in which the un team , william and lairh ralid , and where abgg gg was first set up as a doctorate and later as a doctorate and in 1912 , which led to the structural analysis , which led to a structural analysis .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , this legacy was the basis of the intellectual climate in the vamp team of wil-helm and lafence , where laebrag gbrag was first and later , as doorphorphan orphan and 1912 - that was the basis of the intellectual climate , which led to structural analysis later on , which led to structural analysis .

