blinde technologiegläubigkeit nicht .
not blind faith in technology .
blind technology does not .
blind technology does not happen .

die untersuchungsergebnisse weisen in zwei richtungen .
the evidence falls into two categories .
the results of inquiry are in two directions .
the results of inquiry have been produced in two directions .

was erklärt dieses sonderbare verhalten ?
what explains this odd behavior ?
what does this special behaviour explain ?
what does this special behaviour mean ?

die folgen des irak-krieges
consequences of the iraq war
the consequences of the war in iraq are the consequences of the war on iraq .
the consequences of the iraq war

in westeuropa dagegen nicht .
in western europe , it did not .
it is not against this in western europe .
there is no opposition to this in western europe .

nicht vorhandene gesetze stehen in direktem zusammenhang mit nicht vorhandenen vorstellungen .
unformed laws are directly related to unformed ideas .
not existing laws are directly linked to existing ideas .
not existing legislation is directly linked to non-existing ideas .

der gegenwärtige krieg im irak ist dafür vielleicht der stärkste beweis .
the current war in iraq is perhaps the strongest proof of this .
the current war in iraq is perhaps the strongest proof of this .
the current war in iraq is perhaps the most important proof of this .

über eine milliarde menschen auf der welt verfügen derzeit nicht darüber .
more than a billion people around the world today do not .
at present , a billion people in the world do not have that .
over a billion people in the world do not have this at the moment .

ich schreibe normalerweise über wirtschaft und nicht über politik .
i normally write about economics , not politics .
i am usually talking about the economy and not about politics .
i usually refer to the economy and not politics .

blair ist für europa , aber nicht für dieses europa .
blair is in favour of europe ; but not this europe .
blair is for europe , but not for this europe .
blair is for europe , but not for this europe .

die un-inspektionen konnten diese bedrohung nicht ausschalten ,
un inspections were not eliminating that threat ;
the un inspections have not been able to remove this threat , this threat , which was not the case .
the un inspections have not been able to stop this threat .

da sie zu starke vereinfachungen vermeiden , machen die füchse weniger fehler .
because they avoid over-simplification , foxes make fewer mistakes .
since they avoid too strong simplification , they make up less errors .
since they avoid strong simplifications , the injections make less errors .

seit 1989 schwanken die wahlergebnisse in ganz mitteleuropa zwischen rechts und links .
across central europe since 1989 , elections have oscillated between right and left .
since 1989 , the results of the election in the whole of central europe have been pregnant between the right and the left .
since 1989 , the election results have been in the whole of central europe between the right and the left .

assad muss zeigen , dass seine zunehmende autorität einen echten wandel herbeiführen kann .
assad must show that his enhanced authority can lead to genuine transformation .
assad must show that its increasing authority can bring about real change .
assad assad must show that its growing authority can bring about real change .

ebenso wie auch die ungenügende musikerziehung in öffentlichen schulen .
so does poor music education in state schools .
as well as the inadequate music education in public schools .
as well as the inadequate music education in public schools .

in gelungener ironie werden ihn die vereinten nationen begleiten .
in a fitting irony , the united nations is going down with him .
the united nations will be accustomed to it in non-ironic irony .
ironic irony will accompany him to the united nations .

die regierungen in asien bemühen sich unermüdlich , die wissenschaftliche und technologische basis ihrer volkswirtschaften zu verstärken .
asian governments relentlessly act to raise the scientific and technological capacities of their economies .
the governments in asia are tirelessly trying to strengthen the scientific and technological basis of their economies .
the governments in asia are tirelessly trying to strengthen the scientific and technological basis of their economies .

die werte und interessen der jüngsten eu-mitglieder stimmen größtenteils mit denen der 15 ursprünglichen mitgliedsstaaten überein .
the values and interests of the eu &apos;s newest member states coincide in most ways with those of the 15 earlier members .
the values and interests of the recent eu members largely agree with those of the 15 original member states .
the values and interests of recent eu members are largely in line with those of the 15 original member states .

doch bleibt den regierungen die aufgabe , ein anregendes umfeld für die märkte zu fördern .
but governments retain a role in fostering an enabling environment within which markets operate .
after all , the governments remain the task of promoting an anger environment for the markets .
however , the governments remain the task of promoting a decent environment for the markets .

aber derartige überlegungen scheinen über den rechnerischen horizont der bush-regierung hinauszugehen .
but such considerations appear to be beyond the bush administration &apos;s reckoning .
however , such considerations seem to go beyond the audit of the bush administration .
however , such considerations seem to go beyond the horizon of the bush administration .

die folge ist , dass lateinamerika nicht entsprechend von den globalen technologischen revolutionen profitiert hat .
the result is that latin america has failed to benefit adequately from the global technological revolutions .
the result is that latin america has not benefited from global technological revolutions .
the result is that latin america has not benefited from global technological revolutions .

es gibt viele bereiche , in denen wir unterschiedliche interessen verfolgen : eu-erweiterung , landwirtschaft und fragen des binnenmarktes .
much sets us apart : eu enlargement , agriculture , and domestic market issues .
there are many areas where we have different interests : eu enlargement , agriculture and issues of the internal market .
there are many areas in which we have different interests : eu enlargement , agriculture and questions of the internal market .

wenn aber dieses problem schon vor fünfzig jahren gelöst wurde , warum schlagen wir uns heute wieder damit herum ?
but if this is an issue solved over fifty years ago , why is it haunting us now ?
but if this problem has been resolved 50 years ago , why are we going to get back to it today ?
but if this problem was resolved 50 years ago , why are we going to go back to it today ?

wie lautet die botschaft des papstes für die postkommunistische welt , die unter seiner mitwirkung entstand ?
what is the pope &apos;s message for the postcommunist world he helped create ?
what is the message of the pope for the post-communist world , which was divided under its participation ?
what is the message of the pope for the post-communist world , which was disregarded by its participation ?

man bat nur um eines : um eine senkung der zollschranken und einen besseren zugang zu ausländischen märkten .
they did ask one thing : a reduction of tariff barriers and greater access to markets abroad .
one asked for one thing : a reduction in customs barriers and better access to foreign markets .
one only asked one thing : to reduce customs barriers and better access to foreign markets .

mã ¼ ntefering andererseits ist stã <unk> rker traditionellen sozialdemokratischen werten verbunden .
müntefering , however , is more attached to traditional social democratic ( or old labour ) values .
on the other hand , the armed forces are linked to traditional socialist values .
on the other hand , fming is a serious factor in the development of traditional socialist values .

das problem , junge menschen für die darstellende kunst zu gewinnen , existiert auf beiden seiten des atlantiks .
the problem of youth and access to the performing arts exists on both sides of the atlantic .
the problem of obtaining young people for the art of art exists on both sides of the atlantic .
the problem of gaining young people for the art is there on both sides of the atlantic .

nach 1945 gab es in europa schmerzvolle debatten über geschichte und diese debatten machten die deutsch-französische aussöhnung möglich .
after 1945 , western europe undertook painful debates about history , and these helped bring about franco-german reconciliation .
after 1945 , there were painful debates in europe on history and these debates enabled the german reconciliation .
after 1945 , there were painful debates in europe on history and these debates made it possible for the german reconciliation of france .

durch die permanente bedrohung durch den terrorismus wurde diese isolation für die islamische bevölkerung in europa noch dramatischer .
the constant threat of terrorism has made this isolation even more dramatic for the europe &apos;s islamic populations .
this isolation was even more dramatic for the islamic population in europe through the permanent threat of terrorism .
through the permanent threat of terrorism , this isolation was even more dramatic for the islamic population in europe .

die notwendigkeit einer internationalen intervention bei krisen ist häufig zeitspezifischer art , und häufig ist eine relativ schnelle reaktion erforderlich .
clearly , the need for international intervention in crises is often time-specific and a fairly swift response is frequently required .
the need for international intervention in crises is often specific and often a relatively rapid response is needed .
the need for international intervention in crises is often temporary and often a relatively rapid response is needed .

beim weltwasserforum werden die delegierten reichlich gelegenheit haben , diese partnerschaften zu schließen und zu festigen .
delegates to the world water forum will have ample opportunity to forge and / or strengthen these partnerships .
at the world water forum , the delegates will have the opportunity to close and consolidate these partnerships .
at the world water forum , the delegates will have the opportunity to close and consolidate these partnerships .

unter den ländern , aus denen die einwanderung in die eu wahrscheinlich ist , hat die türkei die besten aussichten auf eine erfolgreiche umstellung .
among the countries from where immigration to the eu is probable , turkey has the best prospects for successful adaptation .
among the countries where immigration is probably in the eu , turkey has the best prospects for a successful change .
among the countries where immigration is probably in the eu , turkey has the best prospects for successful change .

virtuelle unternehmen sind normalerweise innovativ und in der geschäftswelt möglicherweise das einzige system , dass gute einmalprodukte herstellen kann .
virtual enterprises are unusually innovative , and , in the business sector , they are possibly the only system that can build a one-off product well .
virtual companies are usually innovative and , in the business world , possibly the only system that good products can be produced .
virtual companies are usually innovative and , in the business world , the only system may be that good one-off products can be produced .

es war natürlich die hinwendung zu einer rationalen , marktwirtschaftlich orientierten wirtschaftspolitik , die diesen ländern eine eu-mitgliedschaft ermöglichte .
it was , of course , the embrace of rational , market-driven economic policies by the former communist nations that has brought them to the brink of eu membership .
it was , of course , the move towards rational , market-oriented economic policy , which enabled these countries to join the eu .
it was , of course , the move to a rational , market-based economic policy that enabled these countries to join eu membership .

oder noch schlimmer : könnte die stimmung auf den immobilienmärkten zu einem abwärtstrend bei den preisen führen ?
worse still , could the mood in housing markets soon lead prices in downward ?
or even worse : could the mood in the property markets lead to a downward trend in prices ?
or even worse : could the final vote on property markets lead to a downward trend in prices ?

tatsächlich überschütten die medien die übertreiber mit verschwenderischer aufmerksamkeit und vernachlässigen gleichzeitig ihre bescheideneren kollegen .
indeed , the media shower lavish attention on over-claimers while neglecting their humbler colleagues .
in fact , the media are overbooking the overusers with wasted attention and , at the same time , neglect their more modest colleagues .
in actual fact , the media are overwaging the rubbish with sophisticated attention , while at the same time ignoring their more modest colleagues .

manche sehen im papst einen menschen , der für religiöses wiedererwachen steht , andere sehen in ihm einen mann des friedens .
some see in the pope the person responsible for a religious revival ; others see a man of peace .
some people in the pope see a man who is reresponsible for religious solutions , others see a man of peace in him .
some in the pope see a person who is in favour of religious solutions , others see a man of peace in him .

und sie drängen weiterhin -- ohne erfolg -- auf ahtisaaris absetzung , um die gespräche von wien zu verlängern .
and they continue to push &amp; # 45 ; &amp; # 45 ; unsuccessfully &amp; # 45 ; &amp; # 45 ; for ahtisaari &apos;s removal in order to prolong the vienna talks .
and you continue to press - without success - for ahtisaaris to extend the vienna talks .
they continue to push - without success - on ahtisaaris to extend the vienna talks .

sie sind nicht wirklich die pandemie , an die ihr explosives wachstumsmuster erinnert , doch ist ihr entstehen auch nicht vollkommen positiv .
they are not quite the pandemic that their explosive growth pattern resembles , but nor is their emergence completely benign .
they are not really the pandemic , which reminds them of their explosive growth model , but they are not entirely positive .
they are not really the pandemic , which reminds them of their explosives of growth , but they are not entirely positive .

ohne ein derartiges bemühen ist jeder versuch der verbesserung der situation dem bemühen zu vergleichen , ein haus auf dünensand zu errichten .
without such an effort , attempting to improve the situation is like building a house on a sand dune .
without such an effort , every attempt to improve the situation is to compare the effort to build a house on fertilisers .
without such an effort , any attempt to improve the situation is to compare the attempt to build a house on fertilisers .

in einem anderen land sprach ich mit dem anführer der fundamentalistischen islamischen opposition , die einen langen bürgerkrieg gegen die regierung geführt hatte .
in one country , i spoke with a leader of the islamic fundamentalist opposition , which had waged a long civil war against the government .
in another country , i spoke with the leader of the fundamentalist islamic opposition who had held a long civil war against the government .
in another country , i spoke with the leader of the fundamentalist islamic opposition , which led to a long civil war against the government .

welchen vorteil bieten also billige karten , wenn es keine freien plätze mehr gibt und diese karten hauptsächlich dazu dienen , immer die gleichen abonnenten zu fördern ?
what good are cheap prices , which serve mainly to subsidize the same subscription holders , if there are no seats ?
so what advantage do cheap cards offer if there are no longer free places and these cards are mainly designed to promote the same abusers ?
so what advantage will be for cheap cards if there are no longer free places and these cards are mainly used to promote the same paragraphs ?

warum beispielsweise nicht einen unabhängigen verwaltungsapparat mit umverteilungsmaßnahmen oder der kontrolle über öffentliche investitionen oder dem defizitmanagement beauftragen ?
why not , for example , entrust an independent bureaucracy with some redistributive goals or control over the level of public investment or deficit management ?
why , for example , do not have an independent administrative operation with reallocation measures or control over public investment or deficit management ?
why , for example , do not provide an independent administrative act with reallocation measures or control of public investment or deficit management ?

nach ansicht vieler würde dies auf einen ausstieg der usa aus dem atomwaffenkontrollsystem hinauslaufen , das gegen ende des kalten krieges aufgebaut wurde .
in the eyes of many , that would amount to america opting out of the structure of nuclear arms control built in the latter part of the cold war .
in many cases , this would go beyond the us nuclear weapons control system , which has been built against the end of the cold war .
many people believe that this would go beyond the usa &apos;s nuclear control system , which was built against the end of the cold war .

doch da weder die deutschen gewerkschaften noch der wohlfahrtsstaat fallende löhne akzeptierten , waren höhere arbeitslosigkeit und ein niedrigeres wirtschaftswachstum die folge .
as neither germany &apos;s unions nor its welfare state would accept falling wages , the result was higher unemployment and slower growth .
however , since neither the german trade unions nor the welfare state accepted wages , higher unemployment and lower economic growth were the result of higher unemployment .
however , neither the german trade unions nor the welfare state have accepted wages , higher unemployment and lower economic growth .

ungarns rechte leidet hauptsächlich unter den streitigkeiten zwischen konservativen und populistischen kräften auf der einen seite und traditionellen , meist städtischen liberalen auf der anderen .
hungary &apos;s political right has suffered mainly from differences between conservative and populist forces on the one hand , and traditional , mainly urban , liberals on the other .
hungarian rights suffer mainly from the disputes between conservatives and populist forces on the one hand and traditional , mostly urban liberals on the other .
hungary &apos;s rights are mainly suffering from the disputes between conservatives and populist forces on the one hand and traditional , usually urban liberals on the other .

die golfküste von mexiko und mittelamerika hat solche tragödien wiederholt erlebt , wobei arme gemeinden am wehrlosesten sind und am schlechtesten damit fertig werden .
the gulf coast of mexico and central american countries has repeatedly experienced such tragedies , with poor communities the most vulnerable and the least able to cope .
the gulf coast of mexico and central america has repeatedly experienced such tragedies , with poor communities being the most vulnerable and the worst end of it .
the gulf coast of mexico and central america have repeatedly experienced such tragedies , and poor communities are the most defenceless and the worst of them .

tatsächlich führte sein neuer innenminister ghazi kanaan , ein hardliner alter schule , das harte vorgehen gegen reformer und kurden während ungefähr des letzten jahres an .
indeed , his new interior minister , ghazi kanaan , an old-school hardliner , spearheaded a crackdown on reformers and kurds in the past year or so .
indeed , his new minister for foreign affairs gi canada , a hardworking school , has led to a hard approach to reform and kurds over the last year .
in fact , his new minister for home affairs , gi canada , led to a hardship , the hard approach to reform and kurds during the last year .

folglich , werden unternehmerische leistungen dieser art - nämlich zu erfahren , was hergestellt werden könnte - ohne einen nicht marktwirtschaftlichen anreiz normalerweise zu schlecht entgolten .
consequently , entrepreneurship of this type--learning what can be produced--will typically be under-supplied in the absence of non-market incentives .
consequently , business services of this kind - that is to say , what could be produced - without a non-market incentive , are usually too bad .
consequently , business services of this kind - namely to know what could be produced - will normally be too bad , without a non-market incentive .

der staat kann dabei nicht die aufgaben von eltern und örtlichen gemeinschaften übernehmen , aber er kann junge leute und ihre familien dazu anregen , in sich selbst zu investieren .
governments cannot substitute for parents or for communities , but they can encourage young people and their families to invest in themselves .
the state cannot accept the tasks of parents and local communities , but it can encourage young people and their families to invest in themselves .
the state cannot accept the tasks of parents and local communities , but it can encourage young people and their families to invest in themselves .

der jemen seinerseits hat kein ständiges oberflächenwasser ; seine einwohner sind voll und ganz auf regenfälle , grundwasser und sturzfluten angewiesen .
yemen , for its part , has no perennial surface water ; its citizens depend entirely on rainfall , groundwater , and flash flooding .
yemen , on the one hand , has no permanent surface water ; its inhabitants are fully dependent on rainfall , groundwater and flooding .
on the one hand , yemen does not have a permanent surface water ; its inhabitants are fully dependent on rainfall , groundwater and floods .

die geschichten , die man zur eigenen ehrenrettung präsentierte , wonach man in aller eile und in ermangelung anderer bemühungen eine core group gebildet hätte , wurden zurückgezogen .
the bush administration &apos;s face-saving rhetoric that it had rushed to push together the core group in the absence of other efforts was quietly let to pass .
the stories that have been presented to their own honour to save them have been withdrawn in all the eggs and in the absence of other efforts .
the destruction that we presented to the honourable members of the house was that , in all the eggs and in the lack of other efforts , a group group had been withdrawn .

die internationale gemeinschaft muss sich erst noch etwas einfallen lassen , wie man mit einem renitenten gemeinschaftsmitglied verfahren soll , das seiner verantwortung als globaler bürger einfach nicht nachkommt .
the international community has yet to figure out what to do with an aberrant member who fails to live up to its responsibilities as a global citizen .
the international community must only have something to do with a rendition of community procedures , which simply does not go beyond its responsibility as a global citizen .
the international community must only be allowed to fall into the way in which a rendious community member of the community is to be treated as a global citizen .

zum ersten mal war der ezb-präsident bereit , öffentlich zuzugeben , dass der zentralbankrat das für und wider einer zinserhöhung auf der sitzung diskutiert hatte .
for the first time , the ecb president was willing to admit publicly that the governing council had discussed the pros and cons of a rate hike at the meeting .
for the first time , the governing president of the ecb was prepared to publicly admit that the central bank had discussed the increase in interest rates at the sitting .
for the first time , the governing president of the ecb was prepared to publicly admit that the central bank had discussed the threat of interest at the sitting .

das &quot; female <unk> stipend program &quot; in bangladesh hilft mädchen zwischen 11 und 14 jahren erfolgreich , die heirat hinauszuzögern und weiter die schule zu besuchen .
bangladesh &apos;s female secondary stipend program was successful in helping girls aged 11 to 14 to delay marriage and remain in school .
the &apos; shadows &apos; campaign &apos; in bangladesh helps between 11 and 14 years to delay the heating council and continue to visit school .
the &apos; decentralised &apos; campaign &apos; in bangladesh helps girls between 11 and 14 years to delay the heating council and continue to visit school .

die usa wollen die kontrolle über die besetzten gebiete für sich behalten , aber sie verlangen , dass andere die kugeln abbekommen , die jetzt amerikanische soldaten niedermähen .
the us wants to retain control of the occupation , but it wants others to receive the bullets now mowing down american soldiers .
the united states wants to retain control over the occupied territories , but they demand that others get the copies that now go down american soldiers .
the united states wants to retain control over the occupied territories , but they are asking for others to get rid of the cures that now bring us soldiers down .

es ist z. b. schwer vorstellbar , wie &quot; armut zur geschichte &quot; gemacht werden soll , ohne gleichzeitig genügend annehmbare arbeit , bildungschancen und gesundheitsfürsorge für alle zu schaffen .
it is hard to imagine , for example , how to &quot; make poverty history &quot; without also generating enough decent work , educational opportunities , and healthcare for all .
it is , for example , difficult to imagine how &apos; poverty on history &apos; is to be made without , at the same time , creating sufficient decent work , education opportunities and health care for all .
it is difficult , for example , to consider how &apos; poverty is to be made for history &apos; without creating sufficient decent work , education opportunities and health care for all .

mein taktisches ziel ist daher das büro des ombudsmannes in der öffentlichkeit bekannter zu machen , um dadurch den respekt und die anerkennung sowohl der bürger als auch des staates zu erhalten .
my tactical goal is thus to raise the public profile of the ombudsman &apos;s office , in order to win more respect and recognition by both citizens and the state .
my tactical objective is therefore to make the ombudsman &apos;s office known to the public in order to preserve respect and recognition of both citizens and the state .
my tactical objective is therefore to make the office of the ombudsman known to the public in order to obtain respect and recognition of both the citizens and the state .

ursprünglich entstand diese idee außerhalb etablierter internationaler institutionen und des un-systems . sie stammt von der französischen organisation ärzte ohne grenzen , für die menschenrechte über der nationalen souveränität eines landes stehen .
it arose initially outside established international institutions and the un system , originating with the french group , doctors without borders , which deemed human rights to be a value superior to national sovereignty .
initially , this idea was set out outside the established international institutions and the un system , and it comes from the french organisation of doctors without borders , for which human rights are over the national sovereignty of a country .
initially , this idea was not established outside the established international institutions and the un system ; it comes from the french organisation of doctors without borders , for human rights over the national sovereignty of a country .

allerdings spielt die größe eines landes im entscheidungsfindungsprozess der eu nur eine untergeordnete rolle , denn der politische einfluss innerhalb der union hängt vielmehr von der wirtschaftskraft eines landes ab .
but the size of a country plays only a limited role in the eu &apos;s decision-making process , because political influence within the union depends more on economic power .
however , the size of a country in the decision-making process of the eu only plays a subordinate role , because political influence within the union depends on the economic strength of a country .
however , the size of a country in the eu &apos;s decision-making process is only a subordinate role , because political influence within the union depends on the economic force of a country .

die wahrscheinlichkeit , dass es dieses jahr die zustimmung zum haushalt erhält , ist gering , und wenn der streit nicht bald beigelegt wird , hat die union bis 2007 keinen einsatzfähigen haushalt .
chances that it gets the budget approved this year are slim , and , unless the dispute is resolved soon , the union will not have an operational budget by 2007 .
the probability that this year will receive the approval of the budget is small , and if the dispute is not resolved soon , the union has no operational budget by 2007 .
the likelihood that it will receive the approval of the budget this year is low , and if the dispute is not resolved soon , the union has not been able to implement the budget by 2007 .

die aquakultur , bei der fische in künstlichen teichen und becken gehalten werden , ist vor allem unter umweltgesichtspunkten noch lange keine ideale technologie , birgt jedoch enormes potenzial .
improved aquaculture , in which fish are grown at manmade fishponds and reservoirs is still far from being a perfect technology , mainly for environmental reasons , yet it is enormously promising .
in particular , there is no ideal technology for aquaculture , but there is enormous potential for fish in artificial teeth , especially in environmental terms .
aquaculture , where fish are kept in artificial teeth , is not , above all , an ideal technology in the environmental context , but there is enormous potential .

skeptiker allerdings warnen , dass die massenmedien diktieren , welchen kommentatoren wir zuhören , -- und weniger an seriöser debatte interessiert seien als daran , beliebte vorurteile zu bedienen .
<<unk>> tics , however , warn that the mass media dictate the voices we hear and are less interested in reasoned debate than in catering to popular prejudices .
sceptics , however , are warning that the mass media dictate what commentators we are listening to , and less interested in serious debate than to use predominant prejudices .
sceptics , however , are warning that the mass media dictate what commentators are listening to us , and less of a serious debate , are interested in using popular judgments .

die alten muster des wirtschaftswachstums , wie ausfuhrorientierung und selektiver einsatz von einfuhrbeschränkungen , die sich ebenfalls im letzten jahrhundert in ostasien bewährt hatten , sind unter den heutigen globalen handelsregeln weniger angebracht .
old models of economic growth , however , such as export orientation and selective use of import restrictions that worked well for east asia in the last century , are less feasible under today &apos;s global trade rules .
the old model of economic growth , such as export orientation and selective use of import restrictions , which have also been proven in ostaasia in the last century , are less appropriate under the current global trade rules .
the old model of economic growth , such as export orientation and selective use of import restrictions , which have also been proven in the last century in oasia , are less appropriate under the current global trade rules .

obwohl die baath-parteien in syrien und im irak bittere feinde waren , konnten sie sich damit trösten , dass beide einer verschwörung des despotismus angehörten .
though the syrian and iraqi baath parties were bitter foes , there was consolation in that both were members of a confederacy of despotisms .
despite the fact that the bathing parties in syria and iraq were bitter enemies , they were able to feel that both of them were a waste of despotism .
even though the bavarian parties in syria and iraq were hardest enemies , they have been able to find out that both of the words of the despotism were divided .

es ist unrealistisch , die armen länder , wo mehr als 1,6 milliarden menschen keinen zugang zu sauberer energie und technologie haben , zu bitten , die kosten für einen dringend benötigten technologiewandel zu übernehmen .
it is unrealistic to ask poor countries , where more than 1.6 billion people do not have access to clean energy and technologies , to bear the costs associated with the much needed technological change .
it is unrealistic to ask the poor countries , where more than 1.6 billion people have no access to clean energy and technology , to take the costs of urgent technology change .
it is unrealistic to ask the poor countries , where more than 1.6 billion people do not have access to clean energy and technology , to take the costs of a urgently needed technology change .

ein schonungsloses programm , das seine politischen gegner vereinnahmen soll , hat orbans fidesz-partei dazu verholfen , fast so stark zu werden wie seine sozialistischen rivalen .
a ruthless program to absorb his political rivals on the right has helped orban &apos;s fidesz party become nearly equal in size to his socialist rivals on the left .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , a sound programme which is intended to unite its political opponents has meant that orfiction of the party is almost as strong as its socialist rivalry .
an untenable programme , which is to be united in its political opponents , has led to orfidescs &apos; party to be almost as strong as its socialist ride .

den amerikanern wurde ein spektakel aus hurrapatriotismus , angstmacherei , verwechslung des irak mit den terroristen osama bin ladens und simplen patriotismus serviert .
the american people have been treated to a spectacle of jingoism , fear mongering , confusion of iraq with osama bin laden &apos;s terrorists , and simple patriotism .
the americans have been given a spectacle from rapkay , angotism , angiltism , the denial of iraq with the terrorists of osama , layer patriotism .
the americans have been given a spectacle from raphavanotism , angles , confusion of iraq with the terrorists of osama lama , and a simple patriotism of patriotism .

aber neben den offiziellen haushaltsdefiziten gibt es auch noch andere sich abzeichnende schuldverpflichtungen , die durch einen demografischen wandel ( sinkende geburtenraten ) und die aussicht auf enorme ausgaben im bereich der sozialleistungen verursacht werden .
but in addition to today &apos;s officially measured government deficits , there are also other looming obligations caused by a demographic change ( declining birth rates ) and the prospect of huge social-welfare payments in the future .
however , in addition to the official budget deficits , there are other obligations to be made , which are caused by demographic change ( falling birth rates ) and the prospect of huge expenditure in the field of social benefits .
however , in addition to the official budgetary deficits , there are also other obligations that have been signed , which are caused by demographic change ( sinking birth rates ) and the prospect of huge expenditure in the area of social benefits .

einige nicht demokratische systeme scheinen tiefer gehenden rückhalt zu beschwören , da sie auf der solidarität religiöser oder nationaler gemeinschaften beruhen und da in sich geschlossene gesellschaften zweifel , abweichlertum und kritik auf ein mindestmaß reduzieren .
some non-democratic systems seem to evoke deeper support , because they are based on religious or national communal solidarity , and because closed societies minimize doubt , drift , and criticism .
a number of non-democratic systems seem to be distracted in depth , as they are based on solidarity between religious or national communities , and because in itself there are doubts , divergent and criticism of a minimum .
a number of non-democratic systems seem to be deeply opposed to the fact that they are based on solidarity between religious or national communities , and there are doubts that arise in closed societies , derogations and criticism of a minimum .

im vergangenen september sponserten die usa gemeinsam mit frankreich die resolution 1559 des un-sicherheitsrates , die einen syrischen rückzug sowie eine entwaffnung der milizen -- insbesondere der hisbollah -- forderte .
last september , the us , together with france , sponsored un security council resolution 1559 demanding a syrian pullout and the disarming of militias -- mainly hezbollah .
last september , sponsored the united states , together with france , called for resolution 1559 of the un security council , which called for a syrian withdrawal and a disarmament of the militia - especially hezbollah - .
last september , the united states , together with france , called for resolution 1559 of the un security council , which called for a syrian withdrawal and a disarmament of the militias - in particular hezbollah - .

wenn beispielsweise demografische trends oder anhaltende wirtschaftliche probleme der erwerbstätigen bevölkerung übermäßige zahlungen für sozialleistungen aufbürden , sollten renten automatisch durch eine anhebung des rentenalters und / oder einer anpassung der rentenhöhe modifiziert werden .
for example , when demographic trends or persistent economic hardships impose undue social-welfare burdens on working people , benefits to pensioners should be automatically modified by raising the retirement age and / or adjusting benefits .
if , for example , demographic trends or continuing economic problems of the workforce pay excessive payments for social benefits , pensions should automatically be covered by an increase in retirement age and / or adaptation of pension levels .
for example , if , for example , demographic trends or ongoing economic problems of the working population are excessive payments for social benefits , pensions should automatically be modified by an increase in retirement age and / / or adaptation of pension levels .

das identitätsproblem wird noch verstärkt durch die tatsache , dass die meisten zentraleuropäischen staaten , in denen der prozess der bildung einer nation durch die kommunisten verlangsamt wurde , allzu leicht nationalistischen regungen nachgeben , was dann wieder von politikern missbraucht werden kann .
the problem of identity is made even worse by the fact that most central european nations , where nation-building was retarded by communism , easily succumb to nationalist sentiments that in turn are misused by some politicians .
the identity problem will be strengthened even further by the fact that most central european countries , in which the process of building a nation has been slowed down by the communists , are making too easy nationalities , which can then be abused by politicians .
the problem of identity is exacerbated by the fact that most central european states , where the process of education of a nation has been slowed down by the communists , are making too easy nationalities , which can then be abused by politicians .

einen gouverneur , den sie erst vor einem jahr im amt bestätigt hatten , durch arnold schwarzenegger zu ersetzen , dürfte die kalifornischen wähler mit diebischer - wenn auch möglicherweise schuldbewusster - freude erfüllt haben .
replacing a governor whom they re-elected only a year before with arnold schwarzenegger must have given californian voters an enormous--if guilty--pleasure .
a governor , which you confirmed only a year ago in office , to replace arnold black censorship , should have met the californian voters with theft , even if they may have been more aware .
a governor of governors , which they had only confirmed a year ago in office to replace with arnold black censorship , should be able to meet the californian voters with theft - albeit perhaps more aware - with a great deal of pleasure .

es dauerte eine weile , bis die briten eines verstanden : präsident jacques chirac ist eine unter druck stehende lahme ente , zwar bis 2007 im amt , aber nicht an der macht , und daher in keiner weise in der position , derartigen abkommen zuzustimmen .
it took some time before the british came to understand that since president jacques chirac is a beleaguered lame-duck president , who will remain in office but not in power until 2007 , he is in no position to agree to any such bargain .
it has been a long time for the british to understand one : president jacques chirac is under pressure from lahches , until 2007 , but not in power , and therefore in no way in a position to vote in favour of such agreements .
it has been a long time to understand the british : president jacques chirac is under pressure from the point of view of the day before 2007 , but not in power , and therefore in no way in the position to vote in favour of such agreements .

manche dirigenten haben gute angebote aus den usa schon ausgeschlagen , weil sie nicht mit der sammelbüchse in der hand dirigieren wollen , da dies in ihren augen nachteilige folgen für ihr künstlerisches wirken hätte .
some conductors , not wanting to carry a tin cup as they wave their batons , have rejected important posts in the us for this reason , feeling that it would interfere with their art .
a number of dirigents have already made good offers from the united states because they do not want to be more flexible with the collection box , as this would have a negative impact on their artistic consequences .
some dirigents have already made good offers from the united states , because they do not want to be more rigid with the collection rate in hand , because this would have been harmful to their artificial activity in their eyes .

in der heutigen situation könnte eine substanzielle erhöhung der inflationsrate undenkbar erscheinen , aber man erinnere sich , dass eine relativ bescheidene inflationsrate von jährlich 6 % den realen wert von staatschulden in nur 11 jahren halbiert hätte .
a resurgence of substantial inflation may seem unthinkable in today &apos;s environment , but remember that even a relatively modest 6 % annual inflation rate cuts the real value of a nation &apos;s debt in half in just 11 years .
in today &apos;s situation , a substantial increase in inflation rate could appear unthinkable , but we remember that a relatively modest inflation rate of 6 % would have halved the real value of state debt in only 11 years &apos; time .
in today &apos;s situation , a substantial increase in inflation could seem unthinkable , but we remember that a relatively modest inflation rate of 6 % would have halted the real value of state debt in only 11 years .

während die kommunistischen parteien in polen und ungarn einen inneren liberalisierungsprozess durchgemacht haben , der relativ große , halb-offizielle freiräume ließ , die sich der kontrolle durch die kommunisten entzogen , wurde aus der tschechoslowakei nach der durch die sowjetunion angeführten invasion 1968 ein starres neostalinistisches system .
while both the polish and hungarian communist parties experienced internal liberalization that allowed relatively large semi-official zones of activity outside communist control , czechoslovakia after the soviet-led invasion of 1968 became a rigid neo-stalinist regime .
during the communist parties in poland and hungary , a process of internal liberalisation has been carried out , which has led to relatively large , half-official areas of free movement , which have withdrawn the control of the communists , from the czechoslovakia , following the invasion of the soviet union in 1968 , a rigid east inalous system .
during the communist parties in poland and hungary , an internal liberalisation process has been carried out , which was relatively large , half an official area , which was excluded from control by the communists , from the czechoslovakia , following the invasion of the soviet union , which led to 1968 , led by the soviet union .

nach dem niedergang des kommunismus stehen johannes paul ii und seine kirche vor einem anderen problem : in welcher sprache können die evangelikalen werte in einer welt artikuliert werden , in der sich das böse nicht mehr in einem politischen system manifestiert , sondern in der seele des einzelnen ?
with communism gone , however , the problem confronted by john paul ii and his church today is this : in what language can evangelical values be articulated in a world where evil is not incarnated in a political system but is diffused in individual souls ?
after the fall of communism , john paul ii and his church are facing another problem : in what language can evade the eval values in a world where the soil is no longer in a political system , but in the soul of the individual ?
after the decline of communism , john paul ii and his church are facing another problem : in which language , the evacuation values in a world where the land is no longer consolidated in a political system , but in the individual soul of the individual ?

in den entwicklungsländern fürchtet man , dass kapitalkontrollen geldflüsse versiegen lassen könnten , die man für die industrialisierung benötigt . außerdem kämen dadurch korruptionsmittel abhanden , da so mancher geldfluss durch die hände eines angeheirateten neffen des vize-finanzminister strömt .
in developing countries , capital controls to prevent financial crises are feared as obstacles to attracting the finance necessary for industrialization , and as potential sources of corruption as financial flows somehow pass through the hands of the vice minister of finance &apos;s nephew-in-law .
in the developing countries , we are afraid that capital controls could leave money rivers that are needed for industrial centralisation , and that also means of corruption , as some of the sums of money are transferred by the hands of a heated marker of the deputy finance minister .
in the developing countries , we are afraid that capital controls could lead to the flow of money that is needed for industrial decentralization , and that is the result of corruption , because some money flows from the hands of a married minister of the finance ministers .

außerdem haben die unmittelbaren , jährlichen krankenhauskosten , die auf medikamentennebenwirkungen zurückzuführen sind , dollarbeträge in milliardenhöhe erreicht , wobei das von nebenwirkungen verursachte leid , das nicht zu einem krankenhausaufenthalt ( oder zum tod ) führt , nicht berücksichtigt wird .
moreover , the direct annual hospital costs attributable to adr &apos;s run into the billions of dollars , and this does not include all the suffering that adr &apos;s cause that does not lead to hospitalization ( or death ) .
furthermore , the immediate , annual hospital costs due to the effects on the sickness of medicines have reached billions of dollars , with the suffering caused by pet suffering , which does not lead to a hospital residence ( or death ) .
furthermore , the immediate , annual hospital costs resulting from the effects of the by-product effects of the disease , have been achieved in billions of euros , with no consideration being taken of the damage caused by the accident , which does not lead to a hospital of residence ( or death ) .

von einer bemerkenswerten ausnahme in den 1950er jahren abgesehen , ist es weder der sozialdemokraten noch den gemã <unk> ã <unk> igt konservativen christdemokraten - den beiden groã <unk> en politischen parteien deutschlands - bisher gelungen , eine absolute mehrheit im bundestag zu erreichen .
with one notable exception in the 1950 &apos;s , none of germany &apos;s two main political parties - the social democrats and the moderately conservative christian democrats - has ever managed to win an absolute majority in parliament .
apart from a remarkable exception in the 1950s , it is neither the social democrats nor the armed forces of the armed forces - the two gross political parties - who have so far managed to reach an absolute majority in the federal parliament in germany .
apart from a remarkable exception in the 1950s in 1950s , it is not the social democrats nor the premise of the conservative group - the two gross political parties in germany - so far managed to achieve an absolute majority in the federal parliament in the day .

zweitens wies großbritannien über mehrere jahre ein signifikant rascheres wirtschaftswachstum als die meisten anderen mitgliedsländer auf , so dass es nun , selbst im vergleich zu frankreich und deutschland , zu den reicheren eu-ländern zählt . und drittens sind die neuen mitgliedsländer um so viel ärmer als die ärmsten der alten mitglieder , dass die neuen einen unwiderlegbaren moralischen anspruch auf einen großzügigen anteil am budget haben , ungeachtet in welcher höhe dieses auch beschlossen wird .
eu farm policy has started to be reformed , and its share of the eu budget has fallen from over 60 % to 40 % ; britain has for several years enjoyed significantly faster economic growth than most other member states , so that it is now one of the richer eu countries , even compared with france and germany ; and the new member states are so much poorer than even the poorest of the old members , that they have an unanswerable moral case for a generous share of whatever budget could be negotiated .
secondly , over a number of years , britain has seen more significant economic growth than most of the other member states , so it is now the case that , even in comparison with france and germany , it is one of the wealthy eu countries , and thirdly , the new member states are much poorer than the old members of the old member states who have a new unjustifiable moral share of this budget , regardless of the extent to which this budget is decided .
secondly , over a number of years , britain has seen a significant increase in economic growth than most of the other member states , even compared with france and germany , and , thirdly , the new member states are so much as to the poorer members of the old member states , that the new budget of the new member states , which have a new reckless moral right to a generous budget , regardless of the extent that this will also be decided on .

obwohl zhao kein visionär war , kein vaclav havel oder lech walesa und nicht einmal ein antikommunist , umfasste seine agenda mitte der 1980er jahre die bereiche wirtschaft , politik , kultur , medien und gesellschaft und bahnte den weg zu einer der offensten und intellektuell wertvollsten perioden der chinesischen geschichte .
although zhao was no visionary , no vaclav havel or lech walesa , and not even anti-communist , his agenda in the mid-1980 &apos;s embraced the economy , politics , culture , media , and society , and it led to one of the most open and intellectually rich periods of chinese history .
although hazhao was not a visionary , not a 12th or hach , and not even a communal , its agenda in the middle of the 1980s was the sectors of the economy , culture , culture and the media , media and the way to open and open the intellectual history of the most open and open history of the chinese history .
in fact , although hazhao was not a delegation , no rov or lejpa and not even an anti-community-based agenda of the mid-1980s , its economic policy , the media , the media and society and rail and rail and the road to an open and most valuable way of the history of the history of china .

