nein .
no .
no .
no .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

danke .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

das waren wir .
that was us .
we were .
we were .

vielen dank euch .
thank you very much , guys .
thank you very much .
thank you very much .

das ist super wichtig .
that &apos;s super important .
that &apos;s great .
that &apos;s great .

sie sind alle wichtig .
they all matter .
they &apos;re all important .
they &apos;re all important .

hier ist das video .
here is the video .
here &apos;s the video .
here &apos;s the video .

wie interessiert sie sind .
how engaged you are .
how interested they are .
how interested you are .

ich bin schriftstellerin .
i am a writer .
i &apos;m a writer .
i &apos;m a writer .

und so war es auch .
and so i did .
and so it was .
and so it was also .

aber es wird noch schlimmer .
but it gets worse .
but it gets worse .
but it gets worse .

das ist eine großartige frage .
that &apos;s a great question .
this is a great question .
this is a great question .

die arbeit des interpreten .
the work of the interpreter .
the work of the interpreted .
the work of the interpret .

und dies öffnet eine karte .
and it opens up a map .
and this opens up a map .
and this opens a map .

was geschah also jahre danach ?
so what happened years afterward ?
so what happened years after this ?
so what happened for years ?

wir waren zwanzig leute .
we were a group of twenty people .
we were forced people .
we were 20 people .

ich habe nur zwei geliebt .
i &apos;ve loved only two .
i only loved two .
i just loved two .

die sagen dann immer , wieso ?
they then also say , why ?
they &apos;re always saying , why ?
they always say , why ?

ich lernte alles auswendig .
and i memorized everything .
i learned everything .
i learned everything .

ist das alles nur einbildung ?
is it just imaginary ?
is this all just an education ?
is this all just education ?

der hat nicht diese seele .
it doesn &apos;t have this soul .
it doesn &apos;t have that soul .
it doesn &apos;t have this soul .

wir können ihn nicht loswerden .
we can &apos;t get rid of it .
we can &apos;t get rid of it .
we can &apos;t get rid of it .

vielleicht sogar in unseren handys .
we maybe even &#91; have &#93; it in our cellphone .
maybe even in our mobile phones .
maybe in our cell phones .

darunter sollten anderen dinge nicht leiden .
it shouldn &apos;t take away from other things .
and then other things shouldn &apos;t suffer .
they should not suffer other things .

das klingt angst einflößend .
it sounds scary .
that sounds frightening .
that sounds scary .

sonst können sie keine zähne haben .
otherwise you couldn &apos;t have teeth .
otherwise you can &apos;t have teeth .
otherwise you can &apos;t have teeth .

es gibt aber noch einen weiteren grund .
but there &apos;s another reason as well .
but there &apos;s another reason .
but there &apos;s another reason .

ich will ihnen das gerne mal beweisen .
i would like to prove that to you .
i want to prove that to you .
i want to show you that .

sie sehen etwas lustiges hier .
you see some fun stuff happening here .
you see something fun here .
you see something fun here .

ich halte das messer in meiner hand .
i hold the knife in my hand .
i hold the knife in my hand .
i think the knife in my hand .

die heißen heute projektträger .
today they &apos;re called project executing organizations .
they &apos;re called projectors today .
the so-called projects today .

zu fragen , was ist das richtige ?
to ask yourself , what is the right thing to do ?
to ask , what is the right thing ?
to ask , what is the right ?

wen wollen sie eigentlich damit informieren ?
who are they actually supposed to be informing ?
who do you actually want to inform with it ?
who do you really want to be informed with it ?

die frage ist , was kommt jetzt ?
we &apos;re still extremely attached to storytelling as a method of information brokerage .
the question is , what &apos;s coming now ?
the question is , what &apos;s going on now ?

ich vertrete menschen in todeszellen .
i represent people on death row .
i meet people in death row .
i promised people in death row .

ich bin eine redundante person .
i &apos;m a redundant person .
i &apos;m a redundant person .
i &apos;m a speaker person .

und selbst lomborg denkt um .
and even lomborg has changed .
and even lomg thinks about it .
and even lomborg thinks about it .

wir erwarten ein paar außergewöhnliche jahrzehnte .
we are living into extraordinary decades ahead .
we expect some extraordinary decades .
we expect a few extraordinary decades .

wir kommen später noch auf diese leute zurück .
we &apos;ll come back to these people later .
we &apos;re going to come back to these people .
we &apos;ll come back to these people later .

schlemmen ? ich war völlig verwirrt .
feasting ? i was totally confused .
bad ? i was completely confused .
bad ? i was completely confused .

aber das spiel ist ein formwandler .
but play &apos;s a shapeshifter .
but the game is a format .
but the game is a formal transformation .

der unterschied wird dann als verlust wahrgenommen .
and the difference then , they perceive as a loss .
the difference is then perceived as loss .
the difference then is perceived as a loss .

es kam einfach nicht vor , wissen sie ?
it just didn &apos;t come up like that , you know ?
it just didn &apos;t matter , you know ?
it was just not before , you know ?

erinnern sie sich an die windel noch mal ?
remember those nappies again ?
do you remember the winds still ?
do you remember the winds ?

lassen sie mich ihnen zeigen , wie sie funktionieren .
let me show you how they work .
let me show you how they work .
let me show you how they work .

meine vierte technik : voraussetzung für komplexität .
my fourth technique : condition for complexity .
my fourth technology : predicting complexity .
my fourth technology : predictions for complexity .

das ist das sogenannte osit-modell .
it &apos;s the so-called osit model .
this is called the ear model .
this is what &apos;s called the osistic model .

wir denken immer noch , sie seien ursprünglich .
we still think it is pristine .
we still think they &apos;re originally .
we still think they &apos;re originally .

also nochmal , das passte wirklich gut zusammen .
so again , that was a real good match .
so again , the appropriate really good .
so again , the passence really good together .

ich war total wissenschaftsbegeistert , wissen sie .
you know , i was a real science geek .
i was totally excited , you know .
i was totally excited about science , you know .

ich fange mit einigen einfachen beispielen an .
so , i &apos;m going to start with some simple examples .
i start with some simple examples .
i start with some simple examples .

wir haben also diese schrecklich vereinfachende idee .
and so we have this terribly simplistic idea .
so we have this awful simplistic idea .
so we have this terrible idea .

ich will nie mehr etwas verschieben im leben .
i no longer want to postpone anything in life .
i never want to make a difference in life .
i never want to make a difference in life .

alle die so waren , begannen sich aufzuteilen .
and those that were like that started to split and divide .
all the ones that were so began to share .
all of these were so , started sharing .

wie ich sagte , amanda trägt unser elegs .
amanda is wearing our elegs set .
as i said , amanda is our elephant .
as i said , amanda is our elephant .

es hat ein molekulargewicht von über 300 millionen .
it &apos;s over 300 million molecular weight .
it has a molecular weight of over 300 million .
it has a molecular weight of over 300 million .

und rückmeldung an meinen oberarzt zu geben .
and to report back to my attending .
and feedback on my doctor .
and melting back to my doctor .

welches sind die emotionen , die gemessen werden können ?
what are the emotions that can be measured ?
what are the emotions that can be measured ?
what are the emotions that can be measured ?

dieser typ war ein held , jonas salk .
this guy was a hero , jonas salk .
this guy was a hero , jonas salk .
this guy was a hero , jonas salk .

ja , was für projekte machen wir jetzt eigentlich so ?
yes , what sort of projects do we actually work on ?
yes , what do we do now ?
yeah , what do we do for projects now ?

ich lernte , dass in einem augenblick alles anders ist .
i learned that it all changes in an instant .
i learned that , in a moment , everything is different .
i learned that in a moment , everything is different .

8.000 spieler spielten das spiel 8 wochen lang .
we had 8,000 people play that game for eight weeks .
8,000 gamers played the game for eight weeks .
8,000 players played the game for eight weeks .

dienstag : anpassung wird total überbewertet .
tuesday : fitting in is way overrated .
tuesday : adaptations are completely overwhelmed .
service : adaptation will be completely overwhelmed .

genauso , denke ich , setzen wir heute spiele ein .
now , this is exactly , i think , how we &apos;re using games today .
just like , i think we &apos;re going to play today .
just as i think we &apos;re going to play today .

wir werden alle geboren . wir bringen kinder zur welt .
we &apos;re all born . we all bring our children into the world .
we &apos;re all born . we bring kids to the world .
we &apos;re all born . we bring kids to the world .

also , machen sie sich keine sorgen um die klimaveränderung .
so don &apos;t worry about climate change .
so , don &apos;t worry about climate change .
so , don &apos;t worry about climate change .

die erste ist , dass wir uns nicht weiterentwickeln werden .
the first is that we will not evolve .
the first is that we &apos;re not going to evolve .
the first is that we &apos;re not going to evolve .

wenn sie etwas zu geben haben , geben sie es jetzt .
if you have something to give , give it now .
if you have something , you &apos;re going to have it now .
if you have something to give you , now you give it .

und wissen sie , was meine antwort auf all das ist ?
and you know what my response to all of that is ?
and you know what my answer is ?
and you know what my answer is ?

und ich sehe denselben prozess im kombinieren von fotos .
and i see the same process with combining photographs .
and i see the same process in combination of photos .
and i see the same process of combining photographs .

man kann fast immer großartig aussehen für weniger als 50 dollar .
you can almost always look phenomenal for under $ 50 .
you can almost always look great for less than 50 dollars .
you can almost look great for less than 50 dollars .

derzeit verbringen wir 3 milliarden stunden pro woche mit online-spielen .
right now we spend three billion hours a week playing online games .
now we spend three billion hours a week playing online .
currently we spend three billion hours per week with online games .

wir haben also nicht so ein budget wie andere marken .
so we don &apos;t have the budgets that other brands have .
so we don &apos;t have a budget like other budgets .
so we don &apos;t have a budget like others .

so funktioniert das überhaupt nicht für das erinnernde selbst .
that &apos;s not the way it works at all for the remembering self .
this doesn &apos;t work for memory at all .
it doesn &apos;t work for the memory itself .

ich verkaufe schmusetiere im ganzen land , weltweit .
i sell pet toys all over the country , all over the world .
i sold cane animals all over the country , worldwide .
i sell museum in the entire country , around the world .

sie konnte innerhalb eines zeitlichen lernrahmens stattfinden .
it could happen in learning time scales .
it could take place inside of a magazine .
she could find in a time-to-time learning framework .

kombiniert aber können sie etwas besonderes wie das hier kreieren .
but combined , they can create something like this .
but together , you can make something special like this .
but they can combine something special like this .

wenn wir städte herrichten , ist das tatsächlich eine große sache .
if we fix cities , actually it &apos;s a big deal .
if we &apos;re building cities , that &apos;s actually a big deal .
if we build cities , that &apos;s actually a big thing .

das ist schon eine relativ beachtliche anzahl von leuten weltweit .
there &apos;s already a rather impressive number of people worldwide .
that &apos;s a relatively remarkable number of people worldwide around the world .
this is a relatively remarkable number of people around the world .

und sie tut dies aufgrund des inhalts in den bildern .
and it &apos;s doing that based on the content inside the images .
and she does this because of the content in the images .
and she does this because of the content in the images .

was wir uns hier also ansehen ist ein winziger computer chip .
so what we &apos;re looking at here is a tiny computer chip .
so what we &apos;re looking at here is a tiny computer chip .
so what we &apos;re looking at here is a tiny computer chip .

und ich dachte : &quot; moment mal , das klingt interessant . &quot;
and i was like , &quot; hold on . that sounds interesting . &quot;
and i thought , &quot; wait a minute , that sounds interesting . &quot;
and i thought , &quot; well , that sounds interesting . &quot;

das hat mich also richtig umgeworfen , und ich wollte mehr .
so , i was completely smitten by this , and had to do more .
so that really resonated me , and i wanted to do more .
so this made me get out right , and i wanted to do more .

wir haben uns vorher im so genannten vogt-zeitalter bewegt .
before this , we were in the so-called age of feudalism .
we &apos;ve moved forward in the same way called bird age .
we &apos;ve been moving in the so-called bird age .

eine folge dessen war , dass das telefon niemals kaputt war .
one consequence of that , by the way , is that the phone never broke .
one of them was that the phone was never broken .
one of them was that the phone never was broken .

es war ein laden , der draeger &apos; s hieß .
it was a store called draeger &apos;s .
it was a store called the draeger &apos; s .
it was a store that was called dragger &apos;s .

darum helfen sie da mit , fragen sie bei den leuten mal nach .
so you &apos;re helping out there , just ask the people .
that &apos;s why they &apos;re asking you to ask people for a moment .
that &apos;s why you &apos;re going to help , ask yourself at the people .

das verliert ja schon im ersten jahr die hälfte seines wertes .
it will lose half of its value in one year .
this is already in the first year half of its advertising .
that &apos;s the first year half of his advertisement .

also , 10.000 stunden ist eine äußerst interessante zahl , aus 2 gründen :
now 10,000 hours is a really interesting number for two reasons .
so 10,000 hours is a very interesting number , two reasons .
so 10,000 hours is a very interesting number , for two reasons .

wie sich herausstellte ist dna-synthetisierung sehr schwierig .
but it turns out synthesizing dna is very difficult .
as it turns out , dna synthesization is very difficult .
it turns out that dna synthesization is very difficult .

hat ein einziger im publikum je jemanden an masern sterben sehen ?
has one person in this audience ever seen someone die of measles ?
did a single audience ever see somebody on masses ?
does a single one in the audience ever see somebody on masses ?

aber wo wäre der nächste aed , um diesem patienten zu helfen ?
but where would be the nearest aed to help this patient ?
but where would the next aed to help this patient help ?
but where would the next aed to help this patient help ?

ich möchte mit einer geschichte abschließen , die mich wirklich begeistert hat .
let me share and close with a story that really got me excited .
i want to close with a story that really excites me .
i want to end with a story that really was excited to me .

ich muss ihnen sagen : ich denke , das war ein großer fehler .
and i got to tell you , i think that was a huge error .
i have to tell you , i think that was a big mistake .
i have to tell you , i think that was a big mistake .

normalerweise steht man quasi nur daneben und manche kommen , andere nicht .
usually , you just kind of stand by , and some come along , some don &apos;t .
you &apos;re usually just thinking and some of them are not going to come .
normally , you &apos;re just not just dancing and some of them , not others .

er hat den könig von siam zum abendessen eingeladen .
he invited over to dinner the king of siam .
he invited the king of sidewalk to the dinner .
he invited the king of sidewalk to the dinner .

und ich möchte ihnen unbedingt meine outfits für diese woche zeigen .
and i &apos;d really love to show you my week &apos;s worth of outfits right now .
and i want to show you my outcome for this week .
and i want to show you my outcome for this week .

vielleicht sollten sie also vor dem interview ein wenig hiervon auflegen . &quot;
so maybe you should put some one before the interview . &quot;
so maybe you should be asked a little bit about this . &quot;
so maybe you should put a little bit about this . &quot;

es ist ein unabhängiges gebiet . sie kontrollieren alle mineralvorkommen .
it &apos;s an independent territory . they control all mineral resources .
it &apos;s an independent area . they &apos;re all controlling mineral .
it &apos;s a independent area . they control all minerals .

dann sind das verblassenden einflüsse der vorindustriellen kulturen .
what has an influence on our on our thinking and our ability to remember ?
then these are the interconnectedness of the suburbs of industrial cultures .
and then they &apos;re the interconnected of the pre-industrial cultures .

wir entwickeln uns zu gemeinschaftlich denkenden , herzlichen wesen .
we are evolving to be a more collaborative and hearty species .
we &apos;re going to become a collaborative nature , heart disease .
we &apos;re developing ourselves in common equity , heart creature .

in welchem zusammenhang steht das zu den gedanken und gefühlen über sie selbst ?
how does this relate to your thoughts and feelings about who you are ?
what is the relationship to the thought and feelings about you ?
what is the relationship to the thoughts and feelings about you ?

wissen sie wie man einen 300ter in major league baseball nennt ?
do you know what they call a 300 hitter in major league baseball ?
you know how to call a 3,000-pound baseball baseball baseball ?
do you know how to call a 3-foot in leaf baseball ?

ich sah sie an und lächelte , aber sie sah sehr ernst aus .
and i would look at her and i &apos;d smile , but she was very serious .
i looked at her and smiled , but she looked very seriously .
i saw her and smiled , but she looked very serious .

ich habe mich also hingesetzt , und sie haben den tedtalk abgespielt .
so i sat down , and they played the tedtalk .
so i sat down , and you played the tedtalk .
so i set up , and they played the tedtalk .

die zukunft ist hier . wind , sonne und ein neues energiesystem .
future &apos;s over here . wind , sun , a new energy grid .
the future is here . wind , sun and a new energy system .
the future is here . wind , sun and a new energy system .

es ist etwas , an dem wir für die olympischen spiele in london arbeiten .
it &apos;s something we &apos;re working on for the london olympics .
it &apos;s something we &apos;re working on for the olympics in london .
it &apos;s something we &apos;re working on for the olympic games in london .

warum ? ich schrieb ein ganzes buch um zu versuchen es mir selbst zu erklären .
why ? i wrote a whole book to try to explain this to myself .
why ? i wrote a whole book to try and explain it myself .
why ? i wrote a whole book to try to explain it myself .

jetzt aber nicht mehr auf lokaler ebene , sondern auf globaler ebene .
but now it &apos;s not on the local level , but on the global level .
but now , not more on local level , but on global level .
but now not on local level , but on global level .

aber es gibt einen hauptunterschied : der transistor war nur für experten .
but there &apos;s a main difference : the transistor was only for experts .
but there &apos;s a major difference : the transistor was just experts .
but there &apos;s a major difference : the transistor was only for experts .

bg : nun , leider leben die skeptiker in sehr verschiedenen camps .
bg : well , unfortunately , the skeptics come in different camps .
bg : well , unfortunately , life is the skeptics in very different camps .
bg : well , unfortunately , life alive in very different camps .

hat jemand den film &apos; schmetterling und taucherglocke &quot; gesehen ?
has everyone seen the movie &quot; the diving bell and the butterfly ? &quot;
did somebody see the movie &quot; butterfly and dive gloves &quot; ?
did somebody see the film &quot; butterfly and diving pockets ? &quot;

sie mussten auch ein blatt mit beispieltext aus dieser schreibmaschine registrieren .
you had to register a sample sheet of text out of the typewriter .
they also had to register a piece of text with text from this writing machine .
they also had to register a sheer from this writing machine .

öl ist ein problem , und kohle ist das gleichwohl grösste problem .
oil is a problem , and coal is the most serious problem .
oil is a problem , and coal is probably the biggest problem .
oil is a problem , and coal is the most common problem .

wieso ist es in spielen unmöglich , zu denken , man könnte nicht einfach alles erreichen ?
what about games makes it impossible to feel that we can &apos;t achieve everything ?
why is it impossible to think , you couldn &apos;t do anything ?
why is it impossible to play , you couldn &apos;t just reach everything ?

man braucht ja nicht mehr selbst musik zu machen , wenn es einem langweilig wird .
you no longer need to make music yourself when you &apos;re bored .
you don &apos;t need to make more music even if it gets boring .
you don &apos;t need to make any more music if it becomes boring .

man kann aber auch anders darüber denken , abhängig davon , wie wir unsere identität sehen .
but there &apos;s another way of thinking about where we are in our identity .
but you can also think about it , depending on how we see our identity .
but you can also think differently , depending on how we see our identity .

wir haben heute dreißig gigawatt photovoltaik in deutschland .
we have thirty gigawatt of photo-voltaic power in germany .
we now have three gigawatts of photovoltaics in germany .
we now have three gigawatts of photovoltaics in germany .

bis in die 1980er war die farm in den händen von argentiniern .
until the 1980s , the farm was in the hands of the argentinians .
until the 1980s , the farm was in the hands of argentina .
until the 1980s , the farm was in the hands of argentina .

sie wissen , wie unbehaglich es ist in einem vollen aufzug zu sein ?
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a crowded elevator ?
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a wonderful suit ?
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a powerful ?

die grundlage für vieles davon bilden technologien , und diese wachsen expotentiell .
underpinning much of this is technology , and of late , exponentially growing technologies .
the basis for many of these technologies , and they grow an excellent potential .
the foundation for many of these technologies , and these are growing exclusively .

jedes hat vier verschiedene variationen ; man kann auswählen , welche man nutzen möchte .
each of these has four different variations , you get to choose which one you want to use .
each has four different variations ; you can choose which one wants to use .
each one has four different variations ; you can choose what to use .

ich kann also einen schritt zurückgehen , und direkt zu einer spezifischen sektion springen .
so i can step back , pop right back into a specific section .
so i can take a step back and jump directly to a specific fish .
so i can go back to a step , and jump directly to a specific observation .

weil die haben jetzt schon zweimal den vorstandsvorsitzenden gewechselt .
because they changed their chairman of the board of directors twice now .
because now , the two times before the chairman has shifted .
because they &apos;ve already transferred the prevention before .

amerika ist in einer krise , die wirtschaft , die nationale sicherheit , die klimakrise .
america is in crisis -- the economy , national security , the climate crisis .
america is in a crisis , the economy , the national security , the climate crisis .
america is in a crisis , the economy , the national security security , climate crisis .

wir entscheiden uns nicht zu entscheiden , auch wenn es gegen unsere eigenen besten interessen geht .
we choose not to choose , even when it goes against our best self-interests .
we don &apos;t decide to decide even if it &apos;s going to be the best interests of our own best interests .
we don &apos;t decide to decide even when it comes to our own best interests .

wenn es in unserer familie ein band gibt , dann verläuft es durch die frauen .
if there is a sinew in our family , it runs through the women .
if there &apos;s a band in our family , it goes through the women .
if there &apos;s a band of our family , it &apos;s lost by women .

na gut , da steht dann vorne presto , das ist ein schnelles stück .
well , so it says presto at the top , so that &apos;s a fast piece .
well , there &apos;s a precision , which is a quick piece of scale .
well , there &apos;s prestare at the front of presto , that &apos;s a quick piece .

in dem verlaufen immer drei von den dieseln , zwei werden immer gewartet .
in it , there are always three diesels running , two are always maintained .
and over the course of three of the shops , two will always wait .
and over the course of that , three of the other , two will be warned .

trotz dieser warnung also wusste ich , dass irgendjemand die namensrechte kaufen würde .
so even with that caveat , i knew that someone would buy the naming rights .
so despite that warning , i knew anybody would buy the name rights .
so despite that warning , i knew anybody would buy the rights rights right .

oh , sie kennen das . ok . prima . also haben wir einige spieler hier .
oh , you &apos;ve heard of that . ok , good , so we have some gamers among us .
oh , you know . ok . so we have some players here .
oh , you know that . ok . prima . so we have some players here .

so , o.k , um jetzt biologie zu hacken , braucht man ja irgendwie material .
so , okay , to hack into biology , you need material .
so , o.k , now to hack biology , you need some material .
so , o.k to hack biology now , you need some kind of material .

es ist die begrenzte ressource , die wir verbrauchen während wir auf dieser welt sind .
it &apos;s the finite resource that we &apos;re spending while we &apos;re on this earth .
it &apos;s the limited resource that we need while we &apos;re on this world .
it &apos;s the limited resource we need while we &apos;re in this world .

es ist so ein großes molekül , dass wir es sogar mit dem lichtmikroskop sehen können .
it &apos;s such a large molecule we can see it with a light microscope .
it &apos;s such a big molecule that we can even see it with the light microscope .
it &apos;s so big molecule that we can even see it with the light microscope .

must-run heißt einfach , das kraftwerk läuft mit , um die frequenz zu halten .
must-run simply means the power plant is running too to keep up the frequency .
famudais just called the power plant runs with to keep the frequency .
mutation is just called the power plant , to keep the frequency .

in diesem zeitraum , gab es vielleicht 20 oder 25 verschiedene spezien von hominiden .
in the interval , there have been perhaps 20 or 25 different species of hominids .
in this time period , there might be 20 or 25 different specifies of hominids .
in this period of time , maybe there were 20 or 25 different special specialities of hominids .

und anstelle von wirtschaftlichem stillstand sehe ich einen der größten wirtschaftlichen anschübe der geschichte .
and rather than having economic shutdown , we &apos;re about to have the biggest economic injection ever .
and instead of economists , i see one of the biggest economic history of history .
and instead of economists , i see one of the largest economic shots of history .

früher nachmittag , menschen hier und da , die anrufe tätigen und sich bewegen .
early afternoon , people here and there , making calls and moving .
it used to be afternoon , people here and there , the phone calls and move .
before day afternoon , people here and there , the calls and move and move .

wollen sie knöpfe oder reißverschluss ? stein oder säure gewaschen ?
you want button fly or zipper fly ? you want stonewashed or acid-washed ?
do you want buttons , or do you want friction ? or acid ?
do you want to wash your buttons or rice ? stone or acid wash ?

und das ist das schöne daran , dinge zu kreieren , die benutzt werden und mit den menschen interagieren .
and that &apos;s the beauty of doing things that are used and interact with people .
and that &apos;s the beauty of creating things that are used and interact with people .
and that &apos;s the beautiful thing to create things that are used and interact with people .

der grund dafür ist , dass es eine menge vertrauen erfordert , mit jemandem ein spiel zu spielen .
and the reason is , it takes a lot of trust to play a game with someone .
the reason for this is that it requires a lot of trust with someone to play a game .
the reason for that is that there &apos;s a lot of trust with someone to play a game .

und zwar mit einer methode des rekombinierens , analog zur fortpflanzung . &quot;
and let &apos;s reproduce them by a process of recombination analogous to sex . &quot;
and with a method of recombination , analog to reproduction . &quot;
and in fact , with a method of recombination , analog to the plant . &quot;

aber eine von denen mag mit etwas glück zwei nummern in die richtige reihenfolge rücken .
but one of them , by luck , may put two numbers in the right order .
but one of the things that happiness might be about two numbers in the right order .
but one of those who may be fortunate with something about two numbers in the right order .

und selbst wenn wir an die zukunft denken , denken wir an unsere zukunft normalerweise nicht als erlebnisse .
and even when we think about the future , we don &apos;t think of our future normally as experiences .
and even if we think about the future , we don &apos;t usually think about our future as an experience .
and even if we think about the future , we usually think of our future as an experience .

man kann mich als farmer haben , oder in leder , aber niemand hat jemals farmer gewählt .
you can have me as a farmer , or in leathers , and no one has ever chose farmer .
you can have me as a farmer , or in the leather , but nobody has ever chosen farmer .
you can have me as a farmer , or in empty , but nobody ever elected .

die zusammenfassung enthält eine kurze übersicht und ein symbol für den bereich aus dem sie kommt .
so the summary consists of just a little synopsis and an icon to indicate the topical area that it comes from .
the constitution contains a quick overview and a symbol of the area that it comes from .
the combination contains a short view , and a symbol of the area coming out of it .

und zwar , dass bwl-studenten trainiert wurden , den einen richtigen plan zu finden , ok !
and the reason is that business students are trained to find the single right plan , right ?
and that means that bwl &apos;s students were trained to find the right plan , ok .
and in fact , bwm students were trained to find a real plan , ok !

also trafen wir uns im dezember in dem sitzungssaal eines hotels in miami .
so in december we met in miami , in a hotel conference room .
so we met in december at the sitting room of a hotel in miami .
so we met in december in the hospital of a hotels in miami .

auch von beethoven weiß man , dass er mehr hörte , als er schon taub geworden war .
of beethoven we know that he listened more once he &apos;d already gone deaf .
you know , from beethoven &apos;s white , he heard more than he had already been deaf .
even by beethoven , you know that he was heard more than he had been deaf .

dies ist die geschichte von napoleon iii. in der mitte des 18. jahrhunderts .
so this is a story of napoleon iii in the mid-1800s .
this is the story of napoleion iii . in the middle of the 18th century .
this is the story of napoleon iiiiian . in the middle of the 18th century .

in den 70ern – eher zu beginn der 60er – förderte europa viele entwicklungsprojekte .
in the &apos; 70s -- well , beginning in the &apos; 60s -- europe did lots of development projects .
in the &apos; 70s -- rather at the beginning of the &apos; 60s -- europe has many developments .
in the &apos; 70s -- rather than the beginning of the &apos; 60s -- europe provided a lot of developments .

aber sonst , sind sie eine wunderbare umgebung für diese bakterien , genauso wie sie für ihr leben wichtig sind .
but otherwise , you are a wonderful environment for those bacteria , just as they are essential to your life .
but otherwise , they &apos;re a wonderful environment for these bacteria , just like they &apos;re important for their lives .
but otherwise , they &apos;re a wonderful environment for these bacteria , just as they are important for their lives .

und der verkäufer sagte , &quot; wollen sie schlanke , leicht anliegende oder weite ?
and the shopkeeper said , &quot; do you want slim fit , easy fit , relaxed fit ?
and the sales said , &quot; do you want shame , easy ?
and the salesman said , &quot; do you want to go , easy or push ?

ist das etwas , woran sie uns teilhaben lassen können , weil sie jetzt ein paar minuten übrig haben ?
is that something you can share since you do have a few moments left now ?
is this something that you can have shared with us , because you &apos;ve got a few minutes left ?
is this something you can participate in because you have a few minutes left ?

wenn du etwas über regierungstechnologie weißt , weißt du , dass es normalerweise nicht so läuft .
if you know anything about government technology , you know that this isn &apos;t how it normally goes .
if you know something about registered technologies , you know that it doesn &apos;t usually matter that way .
if you know something about regional technology , you know it doesn &apos;t usually work .

frau : wenn dan eine marke wäre , wäre er wahrscheinlich ein klassisches mercedes cabrio .
if dan were a brand , he might be a classic convertible mercedes benz .
if dan a brand would be a brand , he would probably be a classic ceo of rio .
now , if dan was a brand , he would probably be a classic master of rio .

stellen sie sich vor der bildschirm könnte einfach in unterschiedlichen formaten oder größen erscheinen , in unterschiedlichen auflösungen .
imagine your screen could just appear in different scales or sizes , different types of resolution .
imagine if the screen could just appear in different formats or sizes , in different solutions .
imagine that the screen could just appear in different formats or bigger , in different solutions .

das heißt , 15 pfund wildfisch sind nötig , damit man ein pfund zucht-thunfisch bekommt .
that means it takes fifteen pounds of wild fish to get you one pound of farm tuna .
that means that 15 pounds of wild fish need to get a pothous tuna .
that means 15 pounds of fish are necessary to get a pound fish .

verstehen sie , es gibt zwei länder , die kontrollieren fast siebzig prozent der phosphorvorkommen weltweit .
you see , there are two countries that control almost seventy percent of the phosphorus reservoirs worldwide .
you see , there are two countries that are almost seven seventh of the phosphorus depression in the world .
you know , there are two countries that are controlling almost seven percent of the phosphorus worldwide .

in diesem unserem land gibt es für kinder lebenslängliche haftstrafen ohne bedingte strafaussetzung .
we have life imprisonment without parole for kids in this country .
in this country , there are children &apos;s life sentence for children without punishment .
in this country , there &apos;s a living for children &apos;s life expectancy without punishment .

als kind hatte ich sammlungen von stöckern , steinen , kieseln und muscheln .
when i was a child , i had multiple collections of sticks and stones and pebbles and shells .
when i was a kid , i collected collection of stickers , a box and shells and shells .
when i was a child , i had collectors of sticks , a box and mutations .

wir wissen , dass wir als menschliche wesen optimal funktionieren , wenn wir harte , bedeutende arbeit erledigen .
we know that we are optimized , as human beings , to do hard meaningful work .
we know that we work as human beings , when we do hard work , important work .
we know that we work as human beings , if we do hard , significant work .

der großteil der masseninhaftierungen in diesem land fand nicht wirklich in der klasse der gewaltverbrechen statt .
the great increase in mass incarceration in this country wasn &apos;t really in violent crime categories .
most of the mass inherent in this country didn &apos;t really think of the class of violence in the class .
most of the mass inferences in this country didn &apos;t really find in the class of violent crime .

weil häufig kommen nämlich leute , können sie &apos; s nicht benutzungsfreundlich machen , damit jeder damit umgehen kann .
because people often come and ask , can &apos;t you make it more user friendly , so that anybody can use it ?
because often people get there , they can &apos;t do any kind of user interface so everyone can deal with it .
because often people get people , they can &apos;t make a user friendship so that everybody can deal with it .

wenn sie also das glück der beiden arten des selbst maximieren wollen werden sie am ende sehr unterschiedliche dinge tun .
so if you want to maximize the happiness of the two selves , you are going to end up doing very different things .
so if you want to understand the happiness of the two species themselves , you will end up doing very different things .
so if you want to do the fortunate of both kinds of self , you &apos;re going to do very different things .

in anderen worten also ist die zukunft jedes jahr um ein jahr geschrumpft seit ich auf dieser welt bin .
so in other words , the future has kind of been shrinking one year per year for my whole lifetime .
so in other words , the future is every year around a year since i &apos;ve been on this world .
so in other words , the future has been around a year for a year since i was in this world .

so entstehen dann einfach solche wörter , die wir auch in der sprache des politisch korrekten sprechens immer wieder verwenden .
we know that something else is really true .
so just like that , the words that we use in the language of politics are always using correctly .
that &apos;s how simple words that we can use in the language of political correctly .

aber nicht nur das -- damit verschmelzen und vernetzen sie sich mit dem universum und anderen geräten da draußen .
but not only that -- it will integrate and network you to the universe and other devices out there .
but not only that -- so they merge and they connect with the universe and other devices out there .
but not only that -- with that , they connect with the universe and other devices out there .

aber danny , im gesamten amerikanischen bestreben geht es um leben , freiheit , das streben nach glückseligkeit .
but danny , the whole american endeavor is about life , liberty , the pursuit of happiness .
but danny , all of the american strikes are about life , freedom , the pursuit of happiness .
but danny , in the entire american pursuit , it &apos;s about life , freedom , the pursuit of happiness .

und deswegen ist es auch so stark in uns verwurzelt , dass wir mit der virtualität so gut umgehen können .
and that &apos;s why it is so strongly rooted in us , this ability to deal with virtuality .
and that &apos;s why it &apos;s so strong in us that we can deal with virtuality so well .
and so it &apos;s also so strong in us that we can deal with the virtual .

nun ist eine sprache nicht nur die gesamtheit des vokabulars oder eine reihe von grammatikregeln .
now , a language is not just a body of vocabulary or a set of grammatical rules .
now a language is not just the total vocabulary or a series of grammies .
now , language is not just the total of the vocabulary or a series of grammatics .

wenn sie wissen möchten , wie der meeresspiegel durch landeisschmelze steigt hier fliesst sie ins meer .
if you want to know how sea level rises from land-base ice melting this is where it reaches the sea .
if you want to know how the sea level goes through polar ice , it goes into the sea .
if you want to know how the sea level is melting through land ice sheets up here in the sea .

ich bin eben schon gefragt worden , ob dieser sack da ein sprechender sack ist und meiner statt sprechen wird .
i was just asked whether this sack is a talking sack and will talk for me .
i &apos;ve just been asked to see if this sack there &apos;s a leader of the sack , and my talk will be speaking .
i &apos;ve been asked to ask if this sack is a sack of sack , and i &apos;m going to talk to you .

sind sie etabliert , traditionell , pflegend , beschützend , mitfühlend wie oprah ?
are you established , traditional , nurturing , protective , empathetic like the oprah ?
are they rejected , traditional , care , compassionate , compassionate , compassionate about how raoph ?
are they discarded , traditional , care , compassionate , compassionate , like oprah ?

und damit kann man dann die partikel stark genug beschleunigen und dann gehen die auch in die zwiebel rein .
and with that you can accelerate the particles strongly enough and then they enter the onions .
and then you can accelerate the particles down enough and then go into the onion .
and then you can accelerate the particles strong enough , and then you go into the tent .

unsere absicht war , hineinzutauchen und sich das innere des schiffs anzusehen , was nie zuvor getan worden war .
and the idea was to go in and do an interior survey of that ship , which had never been done .
our intention was to dip up and look at the inside of the ship , which had never been done before .
our purpose was to dive and look at the inside of the ship , which never had never been done before .

eine andere idee , die mich als kind faszinierte ist , dass eine ganze galaxie in einer einzigen murmel stecken kann .
another idea that really fascinated me as a child was that an entire galaxy could be contained within a single marble .
another idea that i was fascinated as a child is that a whole galaxy can put a galaxy in a single mure .
another idea that fascinated me as a child is that a whole galaxy can put in a single murder .

ich werde ihnen ein weiteres drastisches beispiel dafür geben , eine studie über investitionen in freiwillige altersvorsorge .
i &apos;ll give you one very dramatic example of this : a study that was done of investments in voluntary retirement plans .
i &apos;m going to give you another dramatic example of this , a study of volunteers in volunteers .
i &apos;m going to give you another dramatic example of this , a study about investing in volunteers .

es könnte , sagen wir zum beispiel , ein us- amerikanisches kraftwerk , oder eine chemieanlage in deutschland sein .
it could be , let &apos;s say for example , a u.s. power plant , or a chemical plant in germany .
it could be , say , for example , an usage -- american power , or a chemical plant in germany .
it could say , for example , a usable power plant , or a chemical plant in germany .

und dann noch übergeordnete effekte wie tempo und lautstärke , die man auf die gesamte sequenz anwendet .
and then , overall effects like tempo and volume that apply to the entire sequence .
and then even more effective effects like pace and louis , you apply the whole sequence to the entire sequence .
and then even more effective as tempo and loutstrength that you use on the entire sequence .

wissen sie , es ist lustig , denn als ich es zuerst gehört habe , es ist der ultimative respekt für das publikum .
you know it &apos;s funny , because when i first hear it , it is the ultimate respect for an audience .
you know , it &apos;s funny , because when i heard it first , it &apos;s the ultimate respect for the audience .
you know , it &apos;s funny , because when i heard it first , it &apos;s the ultimate respect for the audience .

also schaute ich mir spiele wie world of warcraft an , das die ideale umgebung zum gemeinschaftlichen problemlösen bietet .
so , i looked at games like world of warcraft , which is really the ideal collaborative problem-solving environment .
so i looked at games like the world of warcraft , which provides the ideal environment to the collaborative problem .
so i looked at games like world warning warning , which provided the ideal environment to the community .

ich war unter dem sternenhimmel in der wüste zusammen mit sufi-sänger mukhtiar ali .
i was in the desert , under the starry skies with the sufi singer mukhtiar ali .
i was under the star desert in the desert , with summers of summers , mumi .
i was under the star sky in the desert with suifibroh mukhi .

die geschichten der darmspiegelungen waren unterschiedlich , und weil ein sehr entscheidender teil der geschichte ist , wie sie endet --
the stories of the colonoscopies were different , and because a very critical part of the story is how it ends .
the stories of the gut reflects were different , and because a very critical part of the story is how they ended up .
the stories of the darwinian reflection were different , and because a very critical part of the story is how they finished .

an diesem arbeite ich . er nennt sich atlas detektor -- 44 meter in der breite , 22 meter im durchmesser .
this is the one i work on . it &apos;s called the atlas detector -- 44 meters wide , 22 meters in diameter .
i &apos;m working on this one . he &apos;s called atlas detector -- 44 meters in the width , 22 meters across the diameter .
at this point , i &apos;m working . he &apos;s called atlas detector -- 44 meters in the range , 22 meters in diameter .

man beschäftigt sich dann , auch schon während des studiums , mit dem thema der wahrnehmung und der wahrnehmungspsychologie .
so even while studying , you deal with the topic of perception and perceptual psychology .
you &apos;re also concerned with the subject of learning , with the perception of perception and the perceptual sychiology .
you &apos;re busy , even during the study , with the issue of perception and the perceptual syrology .

der grund wird verändert . aus – in diesem fall – einem harten grund oder weichen korallen wird matschiger mist .
the bottom is transformed from , in this case , a hard bottom or soft coral into a muddy mess .
the reason is changing . -- in this case -- a hard reason or corresponds to all the matches .
the reason is going to change . in this case -- in this case -- a hard reason or wheat , is all matches .

sehen sie , wenn sie transparenz bei der google-suche eingeben ist das -- dies ist eins der ersten bilder , das erscheint .
see , when you do a google image search for transparency , this is --- this is one of the first images that comes up .
see , if you give transparency to google search , this is one of the first images that seems to be there .
see , if you give transparency in the google search for -- this is one of the first images that appears .

wir können 6.5 millionen unterschiedliche stereo anlagen zusammenstellen aus den komponenten , die in diesem einen geschäft angeboten werden .
we can construct six-and-a-half-million different stereo systems out of the components that are on offer in one store .
we can put 6.5 million different stereo systems together in the components that are offered in this store .
we can put 6.5 million different stereo together from the components that are offered in this business .

wir brauchen über fünf milliarden tonnen kohle , 30-plus milliarden fässer öl . das sind hundert millionen fässer am tag .
we use over five billion tons of coal , 30 billion-plus barrels of oil -- that &apos;s a hundred million barrels a day .
we need about five billion tons of coal , 30-billion plus oil . this is a hundred million strings a day .
we need over five billion tons of tons of coal , 30-plus billions of oil , which is a hundred million strings a day .

und das ist eine sehr gute neuigkeit , denn es zeigt sich , dass wir sehr gut sind im kollektiven handeln mit digitaler technik .
and that &apos;s great news , because , it turns out , we &apos;re very good at collective action with digital technology .
and that &apos;s a very good news , because it turns out we &apos;re very good at the collective action with digital technology .
and that &apos;s a very good news , because it turns out that we &apos;re very good at collective action with digital technology .

und nachdem wir mit verschiedenen arten von käse experimentiert hatten , ging mir auf , dass dies ein gezielter angriff ist .
and after we experimented with different flavors of cheese , i realized , well , this is a directed attack .
and after having experimented with different kinds of cheese experiments , i realized that this is a prisoner &apos;s attack .
and after we experimented with different kinds of cheese , i went to see that this is a target attack .

aber ein wichtiger punkt , den er macht ist : immer wen sie sich für eine sache entscheiden , entscheiden sie sich andere dinge nicht zu tun .
but one point it makes is that whenever you &apos;re choosing one thing , you &apos;re choosing not to do other things .
but one important point that he &apos;s doing is , always , who you decide to decide for one thing , you don &apos;t decide to do other things .
but more importantly , the power he is : always who you decide to decide for one thing , you decide not to do other things .

und diese zwei bilder erfüllen diese beiden anforderungen – aus der selben höhe geschossen und die gleiche beleuchtungsart .
and these two images both fulfill these two requirements -- shot at the same height and in the same type of light .
and these two images meet these two demands -- from the same height , and the same lighting .
and these two images fulfilling these two demands -- from the same altitude and the same lighting way .

aber trotz all dieser flut von arbeiten , gibt es mehrere kognitive fallen , die es sozusagen fast unmöglich machen , klar über glück nachzudenken .
but in spite of all this flood of work , there are several cognitive traps that sort of make it almost impossible to think straight about happiness .
but despite all this fluctuation of work , there are several cognitive cognitive surfaces that make it almost impossible to think about happiness .
but despite all this fluctuation of work , there are several cognitive attitudes that are almost impossible to think about happiness .

also eine der intuitionen die sie über die jahre entwickelt haben , ist vermutlich , dass ein ding zur gleichen zeit nur an einem ort sein kann .
so some intuition that you may have developed over the years is that one thing is only in one place at a time .
so one of the intuitions that they &apos;ve developed over the years is probably a thing that can only be at the same time in a place .
so one of the intuitions that they &apos;ve developed over the years is probably that a thing can be just at the same time .

und eins davon ist , dass trotz all unserer errungenschaften eine milliarde menschen auf dieser welt jeden tag hungrig zu bett gehen .
and one of them is that despite all our accomplishments , a billion people go to bed hungry in this world every day .
and one of them is that despite all of our achievements , a billion people on this world every day are hungry .
and one of them is that despite all of our achievement a billion people on this world every day of hungry .

wenn sie diese frage stellen denken sie , dass die leute in kalifornien glücklicher sein müssen wenn sie , sagen wir , in ohio leben .
when you ask that question , you think people must be happier in california if , say , you live in ohio .
if you ask that question , you know , people in california have to be happier if they say we live in hiohio .
if you think of this question , you know that people in california have to be happier when they say we live in ohio .

all diese menschen lehren uns , dass es noch andere existenzmöglichkeiten , andere denkweisen , andere wege zur orientierung auf der erde gibt .
all of these peoples teach us that there are other ways of being , other ways of thinking , other ways of orienting yourself in the earth .
all these people teach us that there are other ways of thinking , other ways of thinking , other ways to orient the earth .
all these people teach us that there are other existence opportunities , other ways of thinking , other ways to orient ways to the earth .

denn ich glaube um dies wirklich verstehen zu können , müssen wir einen schritt zurück gehen und uns die sache auf einer längeren zeitskala anschauen .
because i think the only way to understand this is to really step back and take a long time scale look at things .
because i think to really understand this , we need to go back and look at the thing in a longer time .
because i think that really can be able to understand this , we have to go back to a step back and look at the cause of a rural title .

das erstaunliche daran ist , dass diese art informationen zu speichern über die zeit von 2,5 milliarden jahren , in der sie entstanden ist , gleich blieb .
the amazing thing is that that way of writing seems to have stayed steady since it evolved two and a half billion years ago .
the amazing thing about this is that this kind of information stores over the age of 2.5 billion years , where they came from .
the amazing thing is that this kind of information is about time from 2.5 billion years ago , where it was born .

meine reaktion darauf war das zeichnen und malen von außerirdischen , außerirdischen welten , robotern , raumschiffen und all so was .
and so , my response to this was to paint , to draw alien creatures , alien worlds , robots , spaceships , all that stuff .
my reaction was to draw and paint by aliens , aliens , aliens , robotics , spacecraft and all that stuff .
my response to this was recorded and paint from alien , alien worlds , robotic space , spacecraft , spacecraft and all of the things .

nun , das ist nur ein beispiel , wie wir heute die stadt spüren können , auf eine art und weise wie wir es vor einigen jahren nicht konnten .
well , that &apos;s just one example of how we can sense the city today in a way that we couldn &apos;t have done just a few years ago .
now , this is just an example of how we can feel the city today , in a way that we couldn &apos;t do it a few years ago .
now , this is just an example of how we can feel the city today , in a way that we couldn &apos;t do it in a few years ago .

wenn man einen eisberg betrachtet , denkt man leicht dass sie isoliert sind , getrennt und allein , ganz so wie wir menschen uns oft sehen .
it &apos;s easy to think , when you look at an iceberg , that they &apos;re isolated , that they &apos;re separate and alone , much like we as humans sometimes view ourselves .
when you look at a ice mountain , you think that they &apos;re isolated , and they &apos;re separated alone , as we see people often .
if you look at a polar mountain , you think you &apos;re easy to be isolated , and just as we see people as often .

ich glaube , dass , wenn man seine angestellten trainiert , risiken zu vermeiden , man die ganze firma darauf vorbereitet , einen profit zu erlangen .
i believe that when you train your employees to be risk averse , then you &apos;re preparing your whole company to be reward challenged .
i think that when you &apos;re training your employees to avoid risks , you &apos;re preparing the whole company to get a profit .
i think if you &apos;re training to avoid the risks , you &apos;re preparing the whole company to make a profit .

aber es war immer noch ein wettrennen gegen die anderen freiwilligen um den verantwortlichen hauptmann zu erreichen und herauszufinden was unsere aufgaben sein würden .
but still it was a real footrace against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge to find out what our assignments would be .
but it was still a struggle for the other volunteers to get to the responsible man and figure out what would our jobs be .
but it was still a bet against the other volunteers to achieve the responsible man and figure out what our tasks would be .

er sagte : &quot; ja , federn , haut , knochenmehl , reste , getrocknet und zu futter verarbeitet . &quot;
he said , &quot; yeah , feathers , skin , bone meal , scraps , dried and processed into feed . &quot;
he said , &quot; yes , fat , skin , bone marrow , retrieval , dried and forgotten . &quot;
he said , &quot; yes , feeds , skin , bone buttons , refugee , dry and decreased . &quot;

er ist ein poet , ein schriftsteller , ein mann , dessen ganzes leben von der einfachen hoffnung von einheit und freiheit seiner heimat zusammengehalten wurde .
he is a poet , a playwright , a man whose whole life had been balanced on the single hope of his country &apos;s unity and freedom .
he &apos;s a poet , a writer , a man whose life was held by the simple hope of unity and his freedom together .
he &apos;s a poet , a writer , a man whose whole life was held by the simple hope of freedom and freedom of his home .

denn während sie damit beschäftigt sind , sich klarzumachen , dass sie nicht beweisen können , dass es keine vorhersager gibt , ist der mann ganz glücklich .
because while you are busy telling yourself that you can &apos;t prove that there are no predictors , your counterpart will be very happy .
because while they &apos;re busy making clarity that they can &apos;t prove there &apos;s no predictable , the man is very happy .
because while they &apos;re busy , they &apos;re clear that they can &apos;t prove that there &apos;s no prediction , the man is very happy .

schauend auf eine bestimmte dieser zusammenfassungen kann ich dann in das thema time magazines &quot; menschen des jahres &quot; hinein gehen , und alle zusammen sehen .
looking at one of these particular summaries , i can then drill into the concept of time magazine person of the year , bringing up all of them .
so , in a particular comprehension , i can go into the theme of time magazine , &quot; people will go into the year and see all of them together .
so on a particular summary , i can then go into the theme of time magazine , &quot; people go into the year of the year , and all look together .

die anerkennung wird langsam sein in den vereinigten staaten , keine frage , aber im vereinigten königreich passiert sie gerade und in anderen ländern passiert sie gerade .
the recognition is going to be slow in the united states , no question about that , but in the u.k. , it is happening , and in other countries it is happening .
the recognition of recognition will be slowly in the united states , not a question , but in the united kingdom , it &apos;s happening in other countries , and in other countries , it &apos;s happening .
the recognition is going to be slowly in the united states , not a question , but in the united kingdom , it &apos;s happening in the united states , and in other countries they &apos;re just going to happen .

der größte teil der fische , die kleinen punkte dort auf den trümmern , den trümmerhaufen , waren korallenriff-fische .
and actually most of the fish , they are a little spot on the debris , the piles of debris , were coral reef fish .
the biggest part of the fish , the little dots on the ground there , the drowning pipes , were coral reefs .
the biggest part of the fish , the little dots there on the trunk , the trunk of glass , were coral reefs .

dann bildete sich diese gemeinschaft von leuten , die diesen großen insiderwitz teilten , und anfingen darüber zu reden und damit zu herumzuspielen .
and so then this community formed of people who shared this big inside joke and they started talking about it and doing things with it .
and then this community of people who shared this great insight , and started talking about it and doing it with picking up .
and then these community of people who shared this great insight , and started talking about it and talking to them .

warum haben nicht die schlagfertigkeit eines ken jennings hben , vor allem , wenn man es erweitern kann mit der nächsten generation der watson-maschine ?
why not have the quick wit of a ken jennings , especially if you can augment it with the next generation of the watson machine ?
why not have the skills of one of those nauds , especially if you can expand it with the next generation of the waters ?
why don &apos;t we have the headline of a broader , especially if you expand it with the next generation of sunwaters ?

ich glaube , dass wir gelernt haben , dass die worte eines lehrers bedeutung haben , aber das die worte eines engagierten lehrers besonders bedeutungsvoll sind .
and i think what we &apos;ve learned is that , if you &apos;re a teacher your words can be meaningful , but if you &apos;re a compassionate teacher , they can be especially meaningful .
i think we &apos;ve learned that the words of an educational meaning , but the words of a dedicated teacher are particularly meaningful .
i think that we &apos;ve learned that the words of a teacher have meaning , but the words of a dictionary are particularly meaningful .

also in einem kraftwerk zum beispiel , wenn die große dampfturbine zu schnell wird , muss man entlastungsventile innerhalb von millisekunden öffnen .
so for example , in a power plant , when your big steam turbine gets too over speed , you must open relief valves within a millisecond .
so in a power plant , for example , if the great steam turbulence is rapidly , you have to open deprivation within a million seconds .
so in a power plant , for example , if the great steam is going to be fast , you have to open it into a millimeter of milliseconds .

tatsache ist , dass , wenn sie nur von einer sache den preis verringern könnten , zur armutsverringerung wäre energie bei weitem am effektivsten .
in fact , if you could pick just one thing to lower the price of , to reduce poverty , by far you would pick energy .
the fact is that if you could reduce only one of the price , you could reduce the poverty reduction of energy in the most effective .
the fact is that if you could reduce just a price of the price , to reduce poverty , energy would be more effective at the most effective .

wir schenken neuen technologien große beachtung , aber für den fortschritt bedarf es technologien und gesetzen . und es sind für gewöhnlich gesetze , die uns zurückhalten .
we pay a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes technologies and rules to get progress , and it &apos;s usually the rules that hold us back .
we hire new technologies , but for progress , we need technologies and laws , and it &apos;s usually laws that keep us back .
we get new technologies , but for the progress of technology , and it &apos;s common for common laws that keep us back .

es wird nicht mehr lange dauern , bis die realität sein wird , dass es die 1.000 $ menschlichen genome geben wird , und es wird zunehmend für jedermann verfügbar sein .
it won &apos;t be very long before the reality will be the 1,000-dollar human genome , and it will be increasingly available for everyone .
it &apos;s not going to be much longer until the reality will be that there will be 1,000 human genomes , and it will be increasingly available for everyone .
it &apos;s not going to be much long , until the reality will be that there will be 1,000 human genomes , and it will be increasingly available for everybody .

sie nahm mich mit nach draußen und sagte : » bryan , ich werde dir etwas erzählen , aber du musst versprechen , dass du es nicht weitersagst . «
she took me out back and she said , &quot; bryan , i &apos;m going to tell you something , but you don &apos;t tell anybody what i tell you . &quot;
she took me outside , and she said , &quot; bryan , i &apos;m going to tell you something , but you have to promise that you &apos;re not talking about it . &quot;
she took me out and said , &quot; bryan , i &apos;m going to tell you something , but you &apos;ve got to promise that you &apos;re not going to be on . &quot;

maria hingegen , kann nicht in allen bundesstaaten das gleiche recht wahrnehmen , das heinrich in allen staaten hat , und zwar das recht zu heiraten .
mary , meanwhile , cannot in all the states have the same right that henry has in all the states , namely , the right to marry .
maria &apos;s against , can &apos;t be true in all the states that has the same right to march in all states , which is the right to marry .
maria can &apos;t be perceived in all the states of the same thing , the same thing that has in all states , and that &apos;s right to marry .

die daten kamen herein aus den usa , aus england , aus schweden , aus kanada , und sie waren alle gleich , keine korrelation , keine verbindung , gar keine .
the data came back from the united states , from england , from sweden , from canada , and it was all the same : no correlation , no connection , none at all .
the data came from the u.s. , from england , from sweden , from canada , from canada , and they were all the same , no correlation , no connection , no connection .
the data came from the u.s. , from england , from sweden , from sweden , from canada , and they were all the same , no correlation , no connection , no connection .

das ist ja irgendwie für die hackerszene sehr traurig , weil das gar nicht das trifft , was sie eigentlich wie das eigentlich angefangen hat und was eigentlich dahinter steht .
that &apos;s rather sad for the hacker community , because it doesn &apos;t at all fully describe what they actually how it actually all started and what &apos;s behind it .
that &apos;s kind of sad for the hazard scenes , because that &apos;s not true what they actually started , and what &apos;s going on .
this is kind of like the hazard scenes very sad , because it doesn &apos;t matter what it actually started in the way that actually started and what &apos;s actually going on .

er wurde im alter von zwei jahren in das gefängnis geschmuggelt , um sich unter ihrem rockzipfel zu verstecken , da sie ohne ihn nicht leben konnte .
he was smuggled into the jail at the age of two to hide beneath her skirt tails because she couldn &apos;t bear to be without him .
he was thrown at the age of two in prison in prison to hide under their rockies , because they couldn &apos;t live without life .
he was put in the age of two years in prison to hide under her rockets , because she couldn &apos;t live without him .

das heißt , aus dem lokalen dorf ist eigentlich ein globales dorf geworden mit den gleichen prinzipien , möglichst natürlich , möglichst intuitiv , aber auch die totale transparenz .
that means the local village has turned into a global village with the same principles : as natural as possible , as intuitive as possible , but also with complete transparency .
that is , from the local village , a global village has actually become a global village with the same principles , of course , restrained , but also the total transparency .
that means that from the local village , in fact , has become a global village with the same principles , of course , intuitive , but also the total transparency .

nun möchte ich nicht , dass sie zuviel zeit verwenden sich die zeugung vorzustellen , weil , wenn sie sich die ganze zeit die zeugung vorstellen , werden sie mir nicht zuhören .
now i don &apos;t want you to spend too much time imagining the conception , because if you spend all that time imagining that conception , you &apos;re not going to listen to me .
now , i don &apos;t want you to spend a lot of time thinking about the creation , because if you think about the whole time , you won &apos;t be listening to me .
now , i don &apos;t want you to spend a lot of time doing the stuff , because if you think about the entire time , you &apos;re not going to listen to me .

auf neun menschen , die wir hingerichtet haben , kommt einer , den wir für unschuldig befunden haben , der entlastet und aus der todeszelle entlassen wurde .
for every nine people who have been executed , we &apos;ve actually identified one innocent person who &apos;s been exonerated and released from death row .
on nine people that we &apos;ve committed , one that we have defeated for innocent , who have defeated and taken out of the death cell .
in nine people that we &apos;ve added , one that we &apos;ve added for innocent debt , which was made out of death cell .

ich habe meiner frau gesagt , immer wenn ein mensch in einer moralischen rechtfertigung das wörtchen weil verwendet , sollten wir versuchen , es durch das wörtchen obwohl zu ersetzen .
i told my wife , whenever a person uses the word because to morally justify something , we should try to replace it with the word although .
i used to tell my wife when a person is doing a moral job of doing this because we should try to replace it by literally doing it .
i told my wife , always when a human being used in a moral skill , because we should try to replace it through the words .

grundsätzlich bekommt man jede runde auf jeden siftable zufällig zugewiesene buchstaben und während man versucht , wörter zu bilden , werden diese über ein wörterbuch geprüft .
basically , in every round you get a randomly assigned letter on each siftable , and as you try to make words it checks against a dictionary .
basically , you get every round of sidewalks in every single way , and as you try to form words , these words are being checked over a dictionary .
basically , you get every round on your sidewalk random letters , and as you try to form words , these are viewed over a dictionary .

und als ich diese idee im winter hatte , wusste ich , dass ich mehrere monate bräuchte , um sie zu planen , die verschiedenen orte zu finden für die stücke des puzzles .
and getting this idea during winter , i knew that i had several months to plan it , to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle basically .
and when i had this idea in the winter , i knew that i needed several months to plan them to find the different places for the puzzle .
and when i had this idea in winter , i knew that i wanted several months to plan to plan them to find different places for the puzzles of the puzzles .

und so sehe ich mich als eine der personen , gemeinsam mit dem meisten anderen experimentellen quantenphysikern , die einen guten anteil logik benötigen um die komplexen ideen zusammen zu fügen .
and so i consider myself one of these people , along with most of the other experimental quantum physicists , who need a good deal of logic to string together these complex ideas .
and so i look at myself as one of the people in common with most experimental quantum physicians who need a good logic to bring the complex ideas together .
and so i look at myself as one of the people in common with most experimental quantum physicians who need a good logic to add the complex ideas .

als ich also anfing , mit den firmen zu sprechen und ihnen zu erzählen , dass wir diese geschichte erzählen wollten , sagten sie : &quot; nein , wir wollen , dass du eine geschichte erzählst .
now when i started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , &quot; no , we want you to tell a story .
so when i started talking to the companies and telling them that we wanted to tell these story , they said , &quot; no , we want you to tell a story .
so when i started talking to the companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story , they said , &quot; no , we want you to tell a story .

und in dieser gemeinschaft erkennt man , dass die wichtigste sache die achtung ist , die man vor einander hat , weil man eine aufgabe bewältigt hat , die man keinem anderem erklären kann .
and in that bond , you realize that the most important thing is the respect that you have for them and that they have for you , that you &apos;ve done a task that you can &apos;t explain to someone else .
and in this community , you realize that the most important thing is the apartment that you have , because you have a job that you can explain to another one .
and in this community , you realize that the most important thing you have in front of each other is because you have a task that you can explain to you .

natürlich waren die geschichten , die ich mir aussuchte , aus dem science-fiction-bereich : &quot; terminator &quot; , &quot; aliens &quot; , und &quot; abyss &quot; .
and of course the stories that i chose to tell were science fiction stories : &quot; terminator , &quot; &quot; aliens &quot; and &quot; the abyss . &quot;
of course , the stories that i was looking for from the science-fiction section : &quot; terminator , &quot; aliens , &quot; and &quot; abyss . &quot;
of course , the stories that i was looking for , from the scieni area , &quot; terminator , &quot; terminator , &quot; &quot; aliens , &quot; and &quot; abyss . &quot;

im letzten monat hatte ich das vergnügen , mit der qualcomm-stiftung den so genannten &quot; $ 10 millionen qualcomm tricorder x prize &quot; anzukündigen .
last month , i had the pleasure of announcing with qualcomm foundation something called the $ 10 million qualcomm tricorder x prize .
in the last month , i had the pleasure , with the qualified foundation , called &quot; $ 10 million commodities of tricorrelations of the x prize . &quot;
in the last month , i had the pleasure with the quali foundation , which was called &quot; $ 10 million qualcomedy comedy of the x prize . &quot;

aber morgen kann es , um uns den kommenden herausforderungen zu stellen – denken sie da an den klimawandel oder die co2 emissionen – wie können wir dann von der digitalen welt zur physikalischen wechseln .
but tomorrow it can be , in order to tackle today &apos;s pressing challenges -- think about climate change or co2 emissions -- how we can go from the digital world to the physical one .
but tomorrow , to make us think about the next challenges -- think about climate change , or the co2 emissions -- how can we move from digital world to the physical world .
but tomorrow can ask us to think about the next challenges -- think about climate change or co2 emissions -- as we can then change the digital world to the physical world .

also ganz , ganz spannende prozesse , die dann in dieser , ja , grau ist sie ja eigentlich nicht , aber hier eben in dieser rosanen masse eben entsprechend ablaufen .
so these are really exciting processes , which take place accordingly in this , well , it &apos;s not really a grey area , but in this rose-tinted area .
so , quite exciting processes , which is in this , yes , gray is actually not , but here in this raw mass raw mass .
so , very exciting processes , which is in this , yes , it &apos;s not actually , but here in this root mass .

so tendierten die menschen , die sich entschieden teilzunehmen , eher dazu , dass je mehr möglichkeiten ihnen zur verfügung standen , desto mehr vermieden sie es aktien und fonds zu wählen .
so for those people who did choose to participate , the more choices available , the more likely people were to completely avoid stocks or equity funds .
so the people who decided to participate , rather , that the more opportunities for them to be available , the more they rent it , the more they choose it and the title and the title .
so the people who decided to participate themselves to participate more , the more the more the more the more possibilities they would have , the more the more they rented it and choose to choose .

wie groß müsste denn eigentlich so eine batterie sein , damit man so eine insel auf zwanzig , dreißig , vierzig , fünfzig , vielleicht sogar siebzig prozent erneuerbare bringt .
how big would a battery like that actually have to be to get to twenty , thirty , forty , fifty , maybe even seventy percent renewable energies .
as big as would be , in fact , a battery would be like a battery on 20 , three , four and a half , maybe even seven percent renewable renewables .
how big would you have to be like a battery , so you could have an island on 20 , three , four , five , five , five , maybe even seven percent renewable renewable .

telefonie , computer , videobänder , cd-roms und so weiter sind alles unsere spezialisierten mechanismen , die wir in unserer gemeinschaft gebaut haben , um diese informationen handhaben zu können .
telephony , computers , videotapes , cd-roms and so on are all our specialized mechanisms that we &apos;ve now built within our society for handling that information .
telephone , computers , video fruit , c-roms and so are all our specialized mechanisms that we &apos;ve built in our community to have this information .
telephones , computers , video games , candroms and so on are all our specialized mechanisms that we built in our community to have this information .

ja , es sind 97,5 prozent salzwasser , 2 prozent sind vereist , und wir kämpfen um 0,5 prozent des wassers auf dem planeten , aber hier gibt es auch hoffnung .
yes , 97.5 percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fight over a half a percent of the water on this planet , but here too there is hope .
yes , it &apos;s 9.5 percent of sales , two percent are failed , and we &apos;re fighting about 0.5 percent of the water on the planet , but there &apos;s hope .
yes , it &apos;s 9.5 percent saltwater , 2 percent are failed , and we fight 0.5 percent of the water on the planet , but there &apos;s also hope .

und tatsächlich wenn ich oder meinen kollegen wüssten , dass ein orthopäde in meinem krankenhaus jemandem das falsche bein abgenommen hätte , dann glauben sie mir , ich hätte probleme ihm in die augen zu schauen .
and in fact , if i knew and my colleagues knew that one of my orthopedic colleagues took off the wrong leg in my hospital , believe me , i &apos;d have trouble making eye contact with that person .
and in fact , if i knew or my colleague , that a orthopedic in my hospital would have taken somebody &apos;s false leg , then they would believe me , i would have problems to look at him in the eyes .
and in fact , if i knew or my colleagues knew that a orthopard in my hospital would have taken the wrong leg , then believe me , i would have problems in the eyes .

das ging so 15 oder 20 minuten . dann stand sie auf und kam zu mir herüber . sie nahm mich bei der hand und sagte : » komm , bryan . du und ich , wir müssen reden . «
and after about 15 or 20 minutes of this , she got up and she came across the room and she took me by the hand and she said , &quot; come on , bryan . you and i are going to have a talk . &quot;
this was about 15 minutes or 20 minutes . and then she came up and came to me . she took me up to my hand and said , &quot; come on , yan . you know , and i have to talk . &quot;
this was about 15 or 20 minutes . then she stood up , and she came to me , and she took me to my hand , and she said , &quot; come , come , come on . you know , i have to talk . &quot;

und von dieser seele denken sie nun , dass sie irgendwie in dieser wolkigen natur , in dieser luftigen natur , anima heißt es im lateinischen , der lufthauch , präsent sei .
and when this breath of air pours out onto a human , the human is filled with dignity , with mind , with nature that can only live with a soul .
and from this soul , you &apos;re now thinking that you &apos;re sort of in this cloud-like nature , in this funny funny nature , it &apos;s in the latin , which is also present as well .
and from this soul , you &apos;re thinking that you &apos;re kind of in this cloudy nature , in this funny nature of nature , which is called the latin , which is also precise .

kann ich ihnen einen bug in ihrem leben geben , der mutig jeder welle trotzt , das unbeirrte , stetige tuckern des motors , den weiten horizont , der nichts garantiert ?
can i give them a bow in their lives , dipping bravely into each wave , the unperturbed and steady beat of the engine , the vast horizon that guarantees nothing ?
can i give you a bug in your life , the brave wave of every wave , the unrent , steepy virtue of the motors , the horizon , the horizon , not anticipated ?
can i give you a bug in your life , the courageous threshold of every wave , the unprecedented , steal tubes of the motors , the horizon , the guarantee is not guarantee ?

aber wichtiger an dieser app ist , dass sie eine neue generation repräsentiert , die das problem der regierung anpackt -- nicht als das problem einer verknöcherten institution , sondern als ein problem des kollektiven handelns .
but what &apos;s more important about this app is that it represents how a new generation is tackling the problem of government -- not as the problem of an ossified institution , but as a problem of collective action .
but more importantly , the app is that it represents a new generation that packs the problem of government -- not as the problem of a salary institution , but as a problem of collective action .
but more importantly , in this app , it represents a new generation , the problem of government -- not as a problem of a problem , but as a problem of collective action .

bg : ja . nun , was mit dem müll passiert : man kann ihn sitzen lassen -- es gibt viel weniger müll mit dieser methode -- dann nehmen sie ihn und packen ihn in den nächsten reaktor und verbrennen es weiter .
bg : yeah . well , what happens with the waste , you can let it sit there -- there &apos;s a lot less waste under this approach -- then you can actually take that , and put it into another one and burn that .
bg : yeah . well , what happens to the trash : you can let it sit -- there &apos;s a lot less garbage with this method -- then take it and put it in the next reactor and burn it further .
bg : yeah . now what happens with the waste : you can sit down -- there &apos;s a lot less waste with this method -- then you take it and put it in the next reactor and burn it .

es gibt zehntausende maschinen rund um die welt die kleine stücke von dna herstellen können , 30 bis 50 buchstaben lang aber es ist ein degenerativer prozess , also je länger man ein stück macht , umso mehr fehler passieren .
there are tens of thousands of machines around the world that make small pieces of dna -- 30 to 50 letters in length -- and it &apos;s a degenerate process , so the longer you make the piece , the more errors there are .
there are tens of thousands of machines around the world that can make small pieces of dna , 30 to 50 letters long , but it &apos;s a generative process , so the longer you make a piece of error , the more mistakes .
there are tens of thousands of machines around the world that can make small pieces of dna , 30 to 50 letters long , but it &apos;s a degenerative process , so the longer you do a piece of power , the more you do .

aber , der knifflige teil folgt am nächsten morgen , wenn der tänzer selbst aufwacht und erkennt , dass es 11 uhr an einem dienstag ist – und er nicht länger ein fünkchen von gott in sich trägt .
but , the tricky bit comes the next morning , for the dancer himself , when he wakes up and discovers that it &apos;s tuesday at 11 a.m. , and he &apos;s no longer a glimpse of god .
but , the tricky part follows the next morning , when the dancer itself washes up and realizes that it &apos;s 11 o &apos;clock on a tuesday -- and it &apos;s no longer a fifth of god .
but , the tricky part of the next morning , when the dancer of himself wake up and recognizes it &apos;s 11 o &apos;clock -- and he &apos;s not a fifth of god .

aber wenn wir es schaffen , dass sich ein effektives windows-virus auf einem laptop einnistet , der von einem wartungsingenieur verwendet wird , um diese graue box zu konfigurieren , dann sind wir im geschäft .
but if we manage to place a good windows virus on a notebook that is used by a maintenance engineer to configure this gray box , then we are in business .
but if we can do it , it &apos;s a more effective drunk virus on a laptop that &apos;s used by a warm engineer , to reconcile this box , then we &apos;re in the store .
but if we can create a more effective virus on a laptop , which is used by a warning engineer to contain this gray box , then we &apos;re in business .

na und da sitze ich nun , auf dem deck der titanic , in einem tauchboot , und sehe planken , die diesen brettern hier ziemlich ähneln und von denen ich weiß , dass einst die band dort gespielt hat .
so , you know , here i am now , on the deck of titanic , sitting in a submersible , and looking out at planks that look much like this , where i knew that the band had played .
well , i &apos;m sitting here now , on the deck of the titanic , in a dive boat , and you can see the things that are pretty similar here , and i know that the band is playing there .
well , i &apos;m going to sit on the titanium of titanic , in a dive boat , and it &apos;s going to be planning , which is pretty similar to these leaves here , and that i know that the tags played there .

das sind also die drei hauptangriffsgruppen : kriminelle , die es des geldes wegen tun , hacktivisten wie anonymous , die damit widerstand leisten , aber die letzte gruppe sind nationen , regierungen , die die angriffe leiten .
so those are the three main attackers : criminals who do it for the money , hacktivists like anonymous doing it for the protest , but then the last group are nation states , governments doing the attacks .
so these are the three main waters : criminal groups that do it for the sake , hackest like anonymous , but the last group are governments , governments who are doing attacks .
so these are the three major grim groups : criminal groups that are doing it because of the money , hackers like anonymous , who are resistant to it , but the last group are the last nations that lead the attacks .

wenn wir diesen wunsch nicht kriegen , wird der graben zwischen langfristig und kurzfristig denkenden menschen schrecklich werden , zwischen den usa und china , zwischen armen und reichen ländern. und fast alle leben dieser 2 milliarden werden sehr viel schlechter sein .
if we don &apos;t get this wish , the division between the people who think short term and long term will be terrible , between the u.s. and china , between poor countries and rich , and most of all the lives of those two billion will be far worse .
if we don &apos;t get this wish that &apos;s going to be buried between long-term short and short term in the united states , between the united states and china , between poor and poor and poor , almost all of those two billion lives will be much worse .
if we &apos;re not going to get this wish , it &apos;s going to be buried between long-term and short and short , between the united states , between the united states and china , between the poor and poor and rural areas and almost all of these lives are going to be very bad .

zusammen bilden die unzähligen kulturen der welt ein netz aus spirituellem und kulturellem leben , das die erde umhüllt und für das wohl der erde genauso wichtig ist , wie das biologische lebensnetz , das man als biosphäre kennt .
now , together the myriad cultures of the world make up a web of spiritual life and cultural life that envelops the planet , and is as important to the well-being of the planet as indeed is the biological web of life that you know as a biosphere .
together , the intact cultures together in the world form a web of spiritual and cultural life , the earth filled the earth , and probably for the earth as important as biologically as you know , as biosphere .
together , the uncountless cultures of the world is a network of spiritual and cultural life , which is filled with the earth , and probably for the earth , is as important as the biological environment that you know as biosphere .

später am tag fuhr ich auf diesem grundstück mit miguel herum und ich fragte ihn , ich sagte : &quot; für einen ort , der so natürlich zu sein scheint &quot; , anders als jede farm , auf der ich je gewesen war , &quot; wie misst du erfolg ? &quot;
later that day , i was driving around this property with miguel , and i asked him , i said , &quot; for a place that seems so natural , unlike like any farm i &apos;d ever been at , how do you measure success ? &quot;
later on the day i went to this site with miguel and i asked him , &quot; one place that seems to be so different when every farm i &apos;ve ever been on , &quot; how do you succeed ? &quot;
on the day , i went to this site with miley , and i asked him , &quot; for a place that seems to be so different , &quot; as every farm i &apos;ve ever been , &quot; how do you succeed ? &quot;

aber , wie wir denken , die einzige art damit biologie einen großen einfluss ohne weitere steigerung der kosten auf nahrungsmittel oder der einschränkung von deren verfügbarkeit haben wird ist , wenn wir co2 als ausgangsmaterial sehen , und daher arbeiten wir an zellen die diesen weg gehen ,
but the only way we think that biology can have a major impact without further increasing the cost of food and limiting its availability is if we start with co2 as its feedstock , and so we &apos;re working with designing cells to go down this road .
but , as we think , the only way that biology has a huge impact on the cost of food costs , or the limits of the repository of their availability , is when we look at co2 as a footprint , and therefore we &apos;re working on these cells .
but , as we think , the only way we think about biology is going to have a huge impact without even more of food production on food , or the limitations of their availability , if we look at co2 as a product , and so we &apos;re working on these cells .

und schließlich glaube ich , dass , obwohl sie so dramatisch ist , so schön und inspirierend , und so anregend , wir am ende nicht an unserer technologie gemessen werden , nicht an den dingen , die wir entwickeln , nicht an unserem intellekt und verstand .
and finally , i believe that , despite the fact that it is so dramatic and so beautiful and so inspiring and so stimulating , we will ultimately not be judged by our technology , we won &apos;t be judged by our design , we won &apos;t be judged by our intellect and reason .
and finally , i think , although it &apos;s so dramatic , it &apos;s so beautiful and inspiring and inspiring , we &apos;re not going to measure the end of our technology , not the things that we &apos;re developing , we &apos;re not going to develop our minds and our minds .
and finally , i believe that even though it &apos;s so dramatic , so beautiful and inspiring , and so on , we &apos;re not going to measure the end of our technology , not to the things that we &apos;re developing , not developing things that we don &apos;t develop in our minds and mind .

die idee ist wiederum , stellen sie sich das vor , das wir wieder die menschen mit einbeziehen um etwas zu tun und die umwelt zu verändern – fast so etwas , wie wir es nennen , wolkenbewegung einzubauen wie man ein scheunentor bewegt , aber mit einer wolke .
and the idea here is , imagine , again , we can involve people in doing something and changing our environment -- almost to impart what we call cloud raising -- like barn raising , but with a cloud .
the idea is , again , imagine what we &apos;re going to do with people to do something and change the environment -- almost as we call it , to build clouds like a dish , but with a cloud .
again , the idea is , imagine that we recommend people with something to do with something and to change the environment -- almost as we call it , to build clouds like a cup movement , but with a cloud .

wenn sie nun dieses bild nehmen – ich bin ursprünglich italiener , und jeder junge in italien wächst mit diesem bild in seinem zimmer auf . aber der grund , warum ich ihnen dies zeige ist , das in der formel 1 in den vergangenen jahrzehnten etwas sehr interessantes geschah .
now if you take this picture -- i &apos;m italian originally , and every boy in italy grows up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom -- but the reason i &apos;m showing you this is that something very interesting happened in formula 1 racing over the past couple of decades .
now , if you take this picture -- i &apos;m originally an italian , and every boy in italy grows with this picture in his room . but the reason why i &apos;m showing you this is because in the formula in the formula in the past one decade , something interesting happened .
now if you take this picture -- i &apos;m originally italian , and every boy in italy grows with this image in his room , but the reason i &apos;m showing you this is what i &apos;m going to show you in the formula for decades .

nun , was dieses ding bewirkt ist , dass es die eingehenden werte von sensoren abfängt -- also zum beispiel von drucksensoren und vibrationssensoren -- und es stellt legitimen code zur verfügung , der noch während dem angriff , mit falschen eingehenden daten , läuft .
now what this thing does is it intercepts the input values from sensors -- so for example , from pressure sensors and vibration sensors -- and it provides legitimate program code , which is still running during the attack , with fake input data .
now , what this thing is is that it starts to be starting with sensors of sensors -- so for example , sensory sensors and vibration sensors -- and it makes legitimate code for the code that are still happening with false data .
now , what this thing does is that it &apos;s beginning to take the sensory of sensors -- so for example , from printing sensors and vibrational sensors -- and it makes it legitimate to code during the attack , with false data .

noch ein beispiel : vor ein paar jahren erhielt ich den anruf eines 19 jährigen mannes , der als junge geboren war , als junge aufgezogen , er hatte eine freundin , hatte sex mit seiner freundin , lebte als mann , und er hatte gerade herausgefunden , dass er eierstöcke und eine gebärmutter hatte .
another example : a few years ago i got a call from a man who was 19 years old , who was born a boy , raised a boy , had a girlfriend , had sex with his girlfriend , had a life as a guy and had just found out that he had ovaries and a uterus inside .
another example : a couple of years ago , i received the phone call of a 19 year man who was born as a young boy , when he had raised a friend , a girlfriend with his girlfriend , who lived as a man , and he had just found that he had just gotten an egg and a mother .
another example : a couple of years ago , i got the call of an 19 man who was born when young boy was born , when he had a young friend , he had a girlfriend who lived with his girlfriend , and he just found that he had found that he had a mother and a mother .

und in diesem lied werden wir die möglichkeit wiederentdecken , das zu sein , was wir sind : menschen mit vollem bewusstsein , die sich der wichtigkeit bewusst sind , dass allen menschen und gärten ein raum gedeihen zu können zugesichert werden muss . und es gibt großartige momente des optimismus .
and it &apos;s within that song that we will all rediscover the possibility of being what we are : a fully conscious species , fully aware of ensuring that all peoples and all gardens find a way to flourish . and there are great moments of optimism .
and in this song , we will be able to rediscover the possibility of what we are : people with awareness that are aware of the importance of people , that all people and gardless room can become a room of faculty . and there are great moments of optimism .
and in this song , we &apos;re going to be able to rediscover the opportunity to be what we are : people with consciousness , who are important to be aware of the importance of all people and people and gadly can be able to face a space , and there must be great moments of the optimism .

füttere getreide an pflanzenfresser , schädlingsbekämpfungsmittel an monokulturen , chemikalien an die erde , hühnchen an fische , und die ganze zeit hat die agrarindustrie einfach gefragt : &quot; wenn wir mehr leute billiger ernähren , wie schrecklich kann das schon sein ? &quot;
feed grain to herbivores , pesticides to monocultures , chemicals to soil , chicken to fish , and all along agribusiness has simply asked , &quot; if we &apos;re feeding more people more cheaply , how terrible could that be ? &quot;
borders of croaching plants , skull floods , harmful advance of monodies , chemicals on earth , beds on fish , and all the time , the agricultural industry simply asked , &quot; if we feed more people , how awful can it be ? &quot;
feet of crows of crops , instructions , intangible resources of monocultures , chemicals on earth , chicken chicks , fish and all the time the aragrass industry just asked : &quot; if we feed more cheaper , how can this be horrible ? &quot;

und das war wirklich sehr , sehr bitter und man kommt dann auch in so &apos; ne phase hinein , eben tauchte das eine bild auf durchhalten , wo ich mich gefragt habe nach zehn jahren , tausend d-mark waren das ja damals noch , grundlohn , einheitslohn im kollektiv natürlich , ob das wirklich so das tolle sein soll .
and that was really very , very bitter and then you end up in one of these phases just now you saw that image with don &apos;t give up written on it , where i asked myself after ten years , whether the one thousand <<unk>> mark it was at the time , the basic pay , a uniform pay in the collective of course , whether that was really such a great thing .
and this was really , really , really , very bitter , and then you get into the phase of it , and then you get into the phase of it , and you get the picture through a picture where i asked me , 10 years , a thousand years ago , the last one , lovely , lock-approximately , of course , whether it &apos;s really great to be that .
and that was really , very , very , very bitter , and then you go into this phase , and then you go into the image of a picture where i asked myself for 10 years , and i asked myself to be a thousand years ago , which was a thousand of the marginity at the time , of course , whether that really should be great .

die computervision-algorithmen haben diese bilder zusammen festgehalten damit sie dem echten raum , in dem diese aufnahmen , die alle in der nähe der grassi lakes in den kanadischen rockies gemacht wurden , entsprechen . sie sehen hier elemente von stabilisierten dias oder panoramischer bildverarbeitung und diese dinge wurden alle räumlich in beziehung zueinander gesetzt .
the computer vision algorithms have registered these images together so that they correspond to the real space in which these shots -- all taken near grassi lakes in the canadian rockies -- all these shots were taken . so you see elements here of stabilized slide-show or panoramic imaging , and these things have all been related spatially .
the computer visions have given these pictures together so that they have the real room where all the records of the grassroots i in the canadian rockies were made in the canadian rockets , and you can see elements of stabilized by stilas or panoramoric , and these things were all set up in each other &apos;s relationship .
the computer visions algorithms have held these images together so that they put in the real space , in which these pictures that were all near the grasslands of the grasslands in the canadian rockies in the canadian rockies , and they &apos;re going to talk about here from stas or grades , and these things have been dedicated in each other .

nun , wenn sie einer von denen sind , die nicht den beweis für die biologische evolution akzeptieren , dies wäre ein sehr guter zeitpunkt , ihr hörgerät auszuschalten , nehmen sie ihre persönlichen kommunikationsgerät - ich gebe ihnen die erlaubnis - und vielleicht können sie noch einen blick auf kathryn schultz &apos; buch werfen , das darum handelt sich zu irren , denn nichts im weiteren verlauf dieser rede wird irgendeinen sinn für sie machen .
now if you are one of those who does not accept the evidence for biological evolution , this would be a very good time to turn off your hearing aid , take out your personal communications device -- i give you permission -- and perhaps take another look at kathryn schultz &apos;s book on being wrong , because nothing in the rest of this talk is going to make any sense whatsoever to you .
now , if you &apos;re one of those things that don &apos;t accept the biological evolution , this would be a very good time to take your hearing device , take your personal communications device -- i &apos;ll give you the permission -- and maybe you can take a look at kathryn &apos;s -- that &apos;s what it &apos;s about , because nothing else is going to do in this talk , you &apos;re going to do for anything else .
now , if you &apos;re one of those who don &apos;t accept the evidence of biological evolution , this would be a very good moment to turn your audition , take your personal communication device -- i &apos;ll give you the permission -- and maybe you can look at a cathotz book &apos;s view , because that &apos;s nothing that &apos;s going to do in this talk .

dieser satz vom umgang mit widrigkeiten lebt von der idee , dass erfolg oder glück davon abhängt , eine herausforderung zu meistern , ohne von dem damit verbundenen erlebnis geprägt zu werden . als ob mein leben so erfolgreich verlaufen wäre , weil ich den möglichen fallen eines lebens mit einer prothese ausweichen konnte , oder wie auch immer menschen mich mit meiner behinderung wahrnehmen .
implicit in this phrase of &quot; overcoming adversity &quot; is the idea that success , or happiness , is about emerging on the other side of a challenging experience unscathed or unmarked by the experience , as if my successes in life have come about from an ability to sidestep or circumnavigate the presumed pitfalls of a life with prosthetics , or what other people perceive as my disability .
now , this phrase from the passage from the passage to the idea that success depends on success , or happiness , is a challenge to prepare , not to be seen by the permission , but as my life would be so successful as if my life would be so successful , because i could fall in a proposition with a proposition of prosthetic , or as i could always relate with my disability .
so , this sentence of this sentence from the deforestation of the declaration of the idea that success or happiness depends on a challenge to make a challenge without having a mastery experience , and to be able to be aware of whether my life was so successful , because i could go out of a life with a prosthetic , or a prosthetic arm as well as i could take care of my disability .

viele von ihnen werden die geschichte kennen , denn aus steves artikel darüber wurde später ein buch , das wiederum verfilmt wurde , mit robert downey junior als steve lopez und jamie foxx als nathaniel anthony ayers , dem kontrabassisten , der am juilliard-konservatorium studierte und dessen vielversprechende karriere tragischerweise früh durch seine paranoide schizophrenie beendet wurde .
and i &apos;m telling a story that many of you know , because steve &apos;s columns became the basis for a book , which was turned into a movie , with robert downey jr. acting as steve lopez , and jamie foxx as nathaniel anthony ayers , the juilliard-trained double bassist whose promising career was cut short by a tragic affliction with paranoid schizophrenia .
and then one of the things that happened later was filmed with robert juniz and pe-in-law as many of you will know the story of the story , because from steves , a book about this later , that was filmed with robert juniz , as steve pelog and foxy , as a foxawis , who came along with the juvenilliasts , the juveniler of juillio , who ended up by the most conservilluminating parliament , and ended up by his parliamie parliamie &apos;s early age .
and then , by many of you will know a lot of you will know about the story of you , because stephen article was being a book later , a book later , was filmed with robert junior , and as a peacux , as a conquakaeda , as an avian dear , the nate of judai gence , whose conservation was exposed to its conservations and its conservationary aning party . &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ;

