ja ?
right ?
yes ?
yes ?

olé !
ole !
olé !
ola !

vielen dank ,
thank you very much .
thank you .
thank you .

von seattle ...
from seattle ...
seattle ...
from seattle ...

sie brauchen zeit .
you need time .
they need time .
they need time .

fantastisch , oder ?
fantastic , isn &apos;t it ?
fantastic , right ?
fantastic , right ?

ja , guten tag .
yes , hello .
yes , good day .
yes , good day .

können wir es ändern ?
can we do this differently ?
can we change it ?
can we change it ?

ja , ich weiß .
yeah , i know .
yeah , i know .
yeah , i know .

sie ist kein land .
it &apos;s not a country .
it &apos;s not a country .
it &apos;s not a country .

warum sollten wir das tun ?
why do this ?
why should we do that ?
why should we do that ?

man stellt vergleiche an .
you make comparisons .
you compare the same thing .
you &apos;re doing the same thing .

ich werde es nie vergessen .
i never will forget it .
i will never forget it .
i will never forget it .

werde ich die farbe mögen ?
will i like the color ?
am i going to like color ?
will i like the color ?

privatsphäre muss gegeben sein .
privacy is implied .
privacy needs to be .
privacy has to be given .

wir müssen die nachricht verbreiten .
we need to get the message out .
we need to spread the message .
we need to spread the message .

und haben sie dann aufgestellt .
and then presented .
and then they put it up .
and then they put them up .

das ist felix .
and this is felix , actually .
this is felix .
this is felix .

also es ist &apos; n kreis .
so it &apos;s a circle .
so it &apos;s circle .
so it &apos;s lincoln .

aber es war sehr traurig .
but it was very sad .
but it was very sad .
but it was very sad .

wie können wir euch helfen ? &quot;
how could we help you ? &quot;
how can we help you ? &quot;
how can we help you ? &quot;

und das war vor 19 jahren .
and that was 19 yeas ago .
and that was 19 years ago .
and that was 19 years ago .

die leute waren immer noch glücklich .
they were still kind of happy .
people were still happy .
people were still happy .

und das sagt uns nicht viel .
and they don &apos;t tell us much .
and that doesn &apos;t tell us much .
and that doesn &apos;t tell us a lot .

irgendwie funktioniert das nicht , oder ?
somehow this isn &apos;t working out , is it ?
somehow it doesn &apos;t work , right ?
somehow that doesn &apos;t work , right ?

und seine antwort war &quot; ja &quot; .
and his answer was yes .
and his answer was &quot; yes . &quot;
and his answer was &quot; yes . &quot;

ich bekam etwas angst vor technologie .
i found myself becoming a little bit of a technophobe .
i got a fear of technology .
i got a little scared of technology .

ja , das sind so die daten .
yes , here is the data .
yes , these are the data .
yes , these are the data .

wie weit kommt man denn da überhaupt ?
how far would you get with that ?
how far are you going to get there ?
how far do you get there ?

privatsphäre steht nicht zur debatte .
privacy is not up for discussion .
privacy is not the debate .
privacy is not at the debate .

ihr vater starb kurz nach ihrer geburt .
her father died soon after she was born .
her father died shortly .
her father died shortly after her birth .

ich entliebte mich von diesem fisch .
i fell out of love with this fish .
i fell in love with this fish .
i loved myself from this fish .

schon länger als diese anderen beiden netzwerke .
for a longer time than these other two networks .
it &apos;s longer than those other two networks .
it &apos;s longer than those other networks .

das ergebnis davon war katastrophal ,
the result of that has been disastrous .
the result of that was catastrophic .
the result of that was dishal .

ich hoffe , sie verzeihen mir .
so , please forgive me .
i hope you &apos;ll show me .
i hope you &apos;re going to give me .

dass ich diese verrückten sachen geschrieben hatte .
i had written these crazy things .
that i wrote these crazy things .
that i had written these crazy things .

höflich haben alle applaudiert .
everybody applauded politely .
polite everybody applauds .
it &apos;s all applaud applaud .

der hauptmann winkte mich zu sich .
the captain waved me over .
the main man hit me .
the main man winds me .

man stellt so &apos; ne kiste hin .
you put a box like this over there .
you put it like this .
you put it like this .

boston hat nicht nur ein call-center .
boston doesn &apos;t just have a call center .
boston didn &apos;t just have a call center .
boston has not just an application center .

es ist grausam zu millionen von leuten .
it &apos;s cruel to millions of people .
it &apos;s cruel to millions of people .
it &apos;s too gray millions of people .

aber wir beginnen , eine veränderung zu sehen .
but we &apos;re beginning to see a sea change .
but we &apos;re starting to see a change .
but we start to see a change .

ja . sie macht nichts anderes als entdecken .
yes . what this is really doing is discovering .
yes . it doesn &apos;t do anything else than it does .
yes . she doesn &apos;t do anything else .

sie können das vorhersagen . warum geht das ?
you can just tell beforehand . and why is that ?
you can predict that . why is that ?
you can predict that . why is that going ?

sagen sie , es gibt keine vorhersager .
say , there are no predictors .
say , there &apos;s no prediction .
tell you there &apos;s no predictant .

oder nehmen sie einen lippenstift .
or take lipstick .
or take a lip .
or take a lift .

stellen sie sich ein flugzeug voll rauch vor .
imagine a plane full of smoke .
imagine a plane full of smoke .
imagine an airplane .

donnerstag : selbstvertrauen ist der schlüssel .
thursday : confidence is key .
donnerday : confidence is the key .
donnerday : self-trust is the key .

und in der zeit können sie wieder anderes reagieren .
and in that time you can react differently .
and over time , they can react to others .
and in time , they can react again .

und lassen sie mich ihnen ein einfaches beispiel zeigen .
and let me show you a simple example .
and let me show you a simple example .
and let me show you a simple example .

es gibt sehr viel glücks-coaching .
there is a lot of happiness coaching .
there &apos;s a lot of happy coaching .
there &apos;s a lot of happiness coaching .

wir schaffen immer neue spannungen und konflikte .
we &apos;re constantly creating tensions and conflicts .
we always create new tensions and conflicts .
we always create new relations and conflicts .

zuerst dachte ich , dass das ein spiel wäre .
and at first i thought we were playing a game .
first of all , i thought this would be a game .
first of all , i thought that was a game .

also nicht sparen , verzichten , vermeiden .
so not saving , abstaining from , avoiding .
so not saving , quoting , avoiding .
so not save , avoid , avoid .

was ist passiert , dass wir das tun konnten .
what kind of a thing happened that we could do that ?
what happened is that we could do that .
what happened is that we could do that .

es gibt da ein paar hochinteressante entwicklungen .
we &apos;re looking at some very interesting developments in our work .
there are some interesting developments .
there &apos;s some interesting developments there .

das einzige , was die hatten , war ihr kopf .
the only thing they had was their mind .
the only thing that they had was their head .
the only thing they had was their head .

nun verstanden sie den vorteil des &quot; prototyping &quot; .
so now they understand the value of prototyping .
now they understood the benefit of the prototyping .
now they understood the advantage of the prototyping .

kein apfel hat jemals wieder so geschmeckt .
no apple has ever tasted the same .
no apple ever sits like this .
no apple has ever looked like this .

wissen sie , wie viele menschen diese tedtalks ansehen ?
you know how many people watch these ted talks ?
you know , how many people are looking at this tedtalks ?
do you know how many people look at these tedtalks ?

ich meine , sie haben so etwas noch nie gesehen .
i mean , you &apos;ve never seen anything like this .
i mean , you &apos;ve never seen anything like this .
i mean , you &apos;ve never seen anything like this .

sie hatte das letzte wort in jedem familienstreit .
she was the end of every argument in our family .
she had the last word in every family street .
she had the last word in every family .

danke , dass sie bei ted waren . vielen dank .
thank you so much for coming to ted . thank you .
thank you for being at ted . thank you very much .
thank you for ted . thank you very much .

also verflochten sich quasi meine beiden leidenschaften .
so , you know , merging the two passions .
so my two passions were flying .
so my two passions flew in .

wir laufen also davor weg , und wohin laufen wir ?
so we run away from it , and where do we run ?
so we &apos;re walking before , and where are we going ?
so we go away , and where do we walk ?

dieser spieler steht kurz vor einem epischen sieg .
this is a gamer on the verge of an epic win .
this player is in front of an episode .
this player is short before a episode .

weil sie spezielle fähigkeiten der prozessbegleitung haben .
because they have special skills of facilitation .
because they have special skills of processing .
because they have special skills of processing .

sie bewegten sich zu einem naturalistischen konzept hin .
they were moving towards a naturalistic concept .
they moved to a natural concept .
they moved to a natural concept .

man muss bereit sein , solche risiken auf sich zu nehmen .
you have to be willing to take those risks .
you have to be willing to take those risks .
you have to be ready to take risks like this .

also , wird eine klimaveränderung furchtbar für sie werden .
so , the climate changes will be terrible for them .
so , climate change becomes terrible for them .
so , a climate change will be terrible for you .

oder b , weil sie nicht gelernt haben , zu singen ?
or b , because you didn &apos;t learn how to sing ?
or b , because they haven &apos;t learned to sing ?
or b , because they didn &apos;t learn to sing ?

es wurde an der universität von washington in seattle entwickelt .
it came out of the university of washington in seattle .
it was developed at the university of washington in seattle .
it was developed at the university of washington in seattle .

als folge davon bauen wir stärkere soziale beziehungen auf .
and we actually build stronger social relationships as a result .
as a result , we &apos;re building more powerful social relationships .
as a result , we build more powerful social relationships .

ich verstand , dass genau dies das wesen der kunst ist .
and i understood that this was the very essence of art .
i understood that this is the nature of art .
i understood that this is the nature of art .

sie wissen es nichts möglich in diesem goldfischglas . &quot;
you know , nothing is possible in this fishbowl . &quot;
you don &apos;t know anything in this gold glass . &quot;
you don &apos;t know anything in this goldfish glass . &quot;

wir alberten dort nur so herum wie sonst auch .
and we were kind of just out there doing the stuff we crazily did .
we albered only around the world as well .
we were just sitting there just like else .

die ethnosphäre ist das großartige vermächtnis der menschheit .
the ethnosphere is humanity &apos;s great legacy .
the ethnosphere is the great legacy of humanity .
the ethnosphere is the great legacy of humanity .

und natürlich auch , wie nimmt gestaltung einfluss auf die wahrnehmung .
and of course how design affects perception .
and of course , as design does , impact on perception .
and of course , how does design influence to perception .

wir können diese zeitmaschine auf alles stellen , was wir wollen .
we can set that time machine on anything we want .
we can put this time machine on everything we want .
we can put this time on everything we want .

dies ist eine variante einer sache , die gemacht wurde .
this is a variant on something that has been done .
this is a variant thing made .
this is a variation of a thing that was done .

was wir brauchen sind viele firmen , die daran arbeiten . hunderte .
well , we need lots of companies working on this , hundreds .
what we need is a lot of companies working on it . hundreds of .
what we need is a lot of companies working on it . hundreds .

was aber ist der trick , der es realistisch aussehen lässt ?
but what &apos;s the trick that makes it look realistic ?
but what &apos;s the trick that makes it realistic ?
but what &apos;s the trick that makes it realistic ?

einer meiner freunde hat es gemacht – richard bolling<unk> .
a friend of mine did that -- richard bollingbroke .
one of my friends has made it -- richard bollingles .
one of my friends made it -- richard bollingler .

der doktor sagt , &quot; aber ich bin nicht sie . &quot;
and the doc says , &quot; but i &apos;m not you . &quot;
the doctor says , &quot; but i &apos;m not . &quot;
the doctor says , &quot; but i &apos;m not you . &quot;

ich untersuchte frau drucker und sie war in atemnot .
and i saw mrs. drucker , and she was breathless .
i studied a woman , and she was in breathtaking .
i studied a woman printer , and she was in breathing .

oder möchten sie fitter , stärker sein , mehr kraft haben .
or maybe you &apos;d like to be more fit , stronger , with more stamina .
or would you like to be more powerful , more power .
or you want to be fitter , stronger , more power .

es gibt noch viele weitere , aber mir fehlt die zeit .
there &apos;s a lot of other stuff here , but i don &apos;t have time .
there are many more , but i &apos;m missing the time .
there &apos;s a lot of other things , but i &apos;m missing time .

heißen sie die angst willkommen . heißen sie das risiko willkommen .
embrace fear . embrace risk .
welcome the fear . welcome the risk . welcome the risk .
they call the fear of welcome . they welcome the risk .

ich schickte sie nach hause ohne mit meinem oberarzt zu sprechen .
i sent her home without speaking to my attending .
i sent them home without talking to my doctor &apos;s office .
i sent them home without talking to my doctor .

weil all diese neuen technologien von heute sich von sich selber ernähren .
because all of these technologies are feeding back on themselves .
because all these new technologies are self-assembling by themselves today .
because all these new technologies of today are founded by themselves .

je von einer farm gehört , die ihre tiere nicht füttert ?
ever heard of a farm that doesn &apos;t feed its animals ?
depending on a farm that doesn &apos;t feed your animals ?
ever heard of a farm that doesn &apos;t feed your animals ?

eine fischaufzucht , aber auch ein vogelreservat .
a fish farm , but also a bird sanctuary .
a fishes , but also a bird reserve .
a fishery , but also a bird reserve .

also , zum beispiel , schütz die umwelt , fahr weniger auto .
so , for example , protect the environment , drive the car less .
so , for example , protecting the environment , less car .
so , for example , shatz , the environment , fewer car .

aber bonobos zeigen uns die andere seite der medaille
but bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
but bonobos show us the other side of the medal .
but bonobos show us the other side of silence .

je weniger ich sozusagen darüber nachdenke , desto intuitiver ist es .
the less i think about something so to speak , the more intuitive it is .
the less i think about it , the more intuitive it is .
the less i think about it , the more intuitive it is .

und genau das ist im falle von diginotar passiert .
and this is exactly what happened with the case of diginotar .
and that &apos;s exactly what happened in the fda line .
and that &apos;s exactly what &apos;s happened in the fatar .

wr wollen menschen helfen , die unschuldig verurteilt wurden .
we &apos;re trying to help people who have been wrongly convicted .
wr want to help people who were convicted .
wr wants to help people who have been convicted .

okay , lassen sie mich ein wenig blut für sie herausquetschen .
well let me work up some blood for you .
okay , let me take you a little bit of blood for you .
okay , let me get a little blood out of you .

das geht viel weiter zurück , in die kulturen der vorindustriellen zeiten .
that goes back a lot further , to the pre-industrial cultures .
that goes back much further back to the cultures in the pre-industrial times .
that &apos;s going to go back to the cultures of the pre-industrial times .

ist es ebenso klar , dass die antwort auf die frage ist : sie .
it is equally clear that the answer to the question is you .
it &apos;s also clear that the answer to the question is , it &apos;s the question .
it &apos;s also clear that the answer is to the question : it &apos;s .

ich habe sieben paar unterhosen mitgebracht , und das ist alles .
i brought seven pairs of underpants and that &apos;s it .
i &apos;ve brought seven underpants , and that &apos;s all .
i brought seven of them down , and that &apos;s all .

im wesentlichen war der betonbaustein zum baustein unserer zeit geworden .
essentially concrete blocks had become the building block of our time .
basically , the emphasis had become the building block of our time .
basically , the creature was become the building block of our time .

man lernt , die töne zu den noten auf dem instrument zu finden .
you learn to find the tones on the instrument that go with the notes .
you learn to find the notes on the instrument .
you learn to find the notes on the instrument .

und einfach so verschwanden all diese firmen , eine nach der anderen .
and just like that , one by one , all of these companies suddenly disappeared .
and just disappeared all of these companies , one after the other .
and just as we disappeared all these companies , one after the other .

das umfasst tatsächlich nur einen zeitraum von 2 1 / 2 wochen .
that &apos;s literally covering just like a two and a half-week period .
in fact , this is just a period of two / 2 / two weeks .
it &apos;s actually just a period of two weeks , two weeks .

ich wollte wissen , ob ich diese idee für einen zaubertrick nutzen könnte .
i wanted to see if i could take that idea and apply it to a magic trick .
i wanted to know if i could use this idea for a magic trick .
i wanted to know if i could use this idea for a magic trick .

das war dann der allererste anfang eines eigenen musikalischen ausdrucks .
that would be the very beginning of their own musical expression .
that was the first beginning of a musical printing .
and that was the first beginning of a musical printing .

warum ? weil wir keine kinderlähmung haben . und wissen sie was ?
why ? because we don &apos;t have polio . and you know what ?
why ? because we have no child paralysis , and you know what ?
why ? because we don &apos;t have a child paralysis . and you know what ?

wir wissen etwas darüber , was die zufriedenheit des glücks-selbst bestimmt .
we know something about what controls satisfaction of the happiness self .
we know something about what the happiness of happiness determines itself .
we know something about the happiness of happiness itself .

es bring bilder und text zusammen , und animation , geräusche und berührung .
it brings together image and text and animation and sound and touch .
it &apos;s images and text , and animation , sounds and touch .
it makes images and text together , and animation , sounds and touch .

heute können wir auf dutzende von unternehmen verweisen die genau dies geschafft haben .
today we can point at dozens of companies that have done just that .
today we can have dozens of companies that have done this .
today , we can go to dozens of companies that have done this .

meine geschichte beginnt genau hier in rajasthan , vor etwa zwei jahren .
my story begins right here actually in rajasthan about two years ago .
my story begins right here in rajasthan , about two years ago .
my story begins right here in rajasthan , about two years ago .

und es gibt neue technologien , nicht in 10 oder 20 jahren , sondern jetzt .
and there is technology coming online , not 10 , 20 years from now , right now .
and there are new technologies , not in 10 or 20 years , but now .
and there are new technologies , not in 10 or 20 years , but now .

die nasa hat so einen lieblingssatz : &quot; scheitern ist keine alternative . &quot;
nasa has this phrase that they like : &quot; failure is not an option . &quot;
nasa has a favorite sentence : &quot; fail is not alternative . &quot;
nasa has such a favorite sentence : &quot; fail is not an alternative . &quot;

das ist &apos; die gesandten &apos; , in der nationalgallerie .
this is &quot; the ambassadors , &quot; based in the national gallery .
that &apos;s the andre , in the national spirit .
this is the healthier , in the national gia .

und es schreitet auf 9 milliarden zu. die sich auf 9 milliarden zu bewegen .
that &apos;s headed up to about nine billion .
and it &apos;s on nine billion . it &apos;s going to move to nine billion .
and it &apos;s on nine billion . they &apos;re moving to move to nine billion .

wir machen in brasilien landwirtschaft in der von wo wir die nährstoffe zurückgewinnen .
with the agriculture we practice in brazil in which we win back nutrients .
we do in brazil in brazil where we get the nutrients back .
we do in brazil agriculture where we regain nutrients .

das ist okay , sie wollen gerne 28 milliarden dollar für dunklen urin zahlen .
it &apos;s okay , you want to pay 28 billion dollars for dark urine ?
that &apos;s okay , you want to pay 28 billion dollars for dark numbers .
that &apos;s okay , you like to pay 28 billion dollars for dark numbers .

wie würde ihr bewusstsein damit umgehen , dass ihr körper im raum delokalisiert ist ?
how would your consciousness handle your body being delocalized in space ?
how would your consciousness deal with that your body is occurring in space ?
how would your consciousness be that your body is in the room of delusion ?

warum habe ich den oberarzt nicht gefragt ? warum sendete ich sie nach hause ?
why didn &apos;t i ask my attending ? why did i send her home ?
why didn &apos;t i ask the doctor ? why did i send them home ?
why didn &apos;t i ask the doctor ? why did i go home ?

sie sehen im oberen feld , dass sein chromosom einfach auseinander fällt .
you can see in the top panel , its chromosome just gets blown apart .
you see in the upper field that his chromosome just falls apart .
you see in the upper field that his chromosome is just going to fall apart .

wir tun das . so rational wir auch sind , so sehr wir intellekt schätzen .
we do . as rational as we are , as committed to intellect as we are .
we &apos;re doing that . so we &apos;re also rational , so we value very much .
we do that . that &apos;s how rational we are , so we appreciate .

nun , heute , fängt unsere umwelt zum allerersten mal an , uns zu antworten .
well today , for the first time , our environment is starting to talk back to us .
well , today , our environment starts the first time to answer us .
now , today , our environment begins to the first time to respond to us .

es brachte ungefähr 90 prozent der vögel um , was für diesen ort viele vögel sind .
it killed like 90 percent of the birds , which , for this place , is a lot of birds .
it took about 90 percent of the birds to see what they are for , many birds .
it took about 90 percent of the birds , which is a lot of birds .

dies ist ein hochgradig unnützes kategorisierungsschema .
this is a highly useless categorization scheme .
this is a highly unuseful category .
this is a high-gram unuseful category .

und das veranlagten diese zellen – das machte sie glücklich für eine weitere milliarde jahre .
and that caused these cells -- that kept them happy for another billion years .
and this laughed these cells -- that made them happy for another billion years .
and that made these cells -- that made them happy for another billion years .

gestaltgesetz der nähe , gestaltgesetz der der kontinuität und so weiter .
the law of proximity , the law of of continuity , etc .
ancient law , disturbing the continuity of continuity and so on .
and the law of the nearest law , the continuity of continuity and so on .

also , nochmals , wandel und anpassung sind die großartigsten fähigkeiten des menschen .
so , again , transformation , adaptation , is our greatest human skill .
so again , again , change and adaptation are the greatest skills of people .
so , again , change and adaptation are the greatest skills of people .

dies würden sie , in ingenieurteams , eine echtzeit-kontrollsystem nennen .
this is what , in engineering terms , you would call a real time control system .
this would call them , in engineering teams , a real-time control system .
this is what you would call in engineering teams , a real control system .

hier sehen wir , mit filz , papier und wasserflaschen , wie geordie ...
here you see , with felt and paper water bottles , we have geordie making ...
this is what we &apos;re seeing with filz , paper and water bottles like georges ...
here we see , with files , paper and water bottle , like georges ...

ich habe elf jahre in dem kollektiv gearbeitet , das war basisdemokratisch .
i worked in the collective for eleven years , it was based on a grassroots democracy .
i worked in the collection of the collective , which was grassroots democratic .
i worked for 11 years in the collective that was basisy democratically .

unsere vorfahren hatten früher nie so schwer mit der frage zu kämpfen , wann jemand tot war .
in the past , our ancestors never had to struggle so much with this question of when somebody was dead .
our ancestors had never been struggling with the question of when someone was dead .
our ancestors had never been so hard to fight the question when somebody was dead .

man bringt eine neue idee hinein und sogleich wird diese beantwortet mit einer reaktion .
you introduce a new idea and this is answered instantaneously with a reaction .
you bring in a new idea , and in the same time that this response is answered with an response .
you get a new idea in , and you &apos;re going to answer this answer to a reaction .

evolution priviligiert die kreaturen , die sich am besten an ihre umwelt anpassen .
evolution favors those creatures best adapted to their environment .
evolution fires the creatures that adapt to their best in their environment .
evolution infects the creatures that fit best to their environment .

die einzige wahre wahl war &quot; wer &quot; , nicht wann , und nicht was sie danach taten .
the only real choice was who , not when , and not what you did after .
the only choice was , &quot; who , not when , and not what they did .
the only choice was , &quot; who , not when , and not what they did after that .

die nächsten schritte , wie das nervensystem und das gehirn , dauerten einige hundert millionen jahre .
and the next steps , like nervous systems and brains , took a few hundred million years .
the next steps , like the nervous system and the brain , took several hundred million years .
the next steps , like the nervous system and the brain , took some hundred million years .

16 terawatt energie prasseln alle 88 minuten auf die erdoberfläche .
16 terawatts of energy hits the earth &apos;s surface every 88 minutes .
16 terawatts of energy are all eight minutes to the earth &apos;s surface .
16 terawatts all the 88 minutes on earth &apos;s surface .

und ich fliege mit einem kleinen roboterfahrzeug durch die gänge des schiffs .
and i &apos;m flying a little robotic vehicle through the corridor of the ship .
and i fly with a little robotic stuff through the gear of the ship .
and i &apos;m flying with a little robotic stuff through the shield of the ship .

und meine liebe zum ozean hält an , mit derselben intensität wie eh und je .
and my love affair with the ocean is ongoing , and just as strong as it ever was .
and my love for the ocean holds , with the same intensity as eh and the world .
and my love is to the ocean , with the same intensity as eh and ever .

wir sollen sie also als etwas wahrnehmen , was unbedingt für unser leben präsent sein soll .
and if you think of this condition , then you &apos;ll understand the logic behind the joy we feel when we can improve the world through a lie .
so we &apos;re supposed to be able to perceive them as something that is necessary for our lives .
so we need to perceive them as something that should be true for our lives .

diese frau hat sich anschließend beschwert , das portrait würde ihr gar nicht ähnlich sehen .
the woman then complained that the portrait didn &apos;t look anything like her .
this woman has accumulated to the portrait would not see her portrait .
this woman was worthy of the portrait would not be similar to the portrait .

eine geschichte , die sich mit neuen angelegenheiten auseinandersetzt , wie der umweltkrise .
and a story that actually deals with new issues like the environmental crisis .
it &apos;s a story that has new opportunities to be acquisition , like the environmental crisis .
a story that has been deployed with new opportunities , like the environmental crisis .

und so fingen wir an mit der frage , können wir ein chromosom synthetisieren ?
and so we started down the road of : can we synthesize a chromosome ?
and so we started with the question , can we synthesize a chromosome ?
and so we started with the question , can we synthesize a chromosome ?

und wenn wir das den menschen zeigen würden , dann können wir eine verhaltensänderung vorantreiben .
and if we show that to people , then we can also promote some behavioral change .
and if we show that to the people , then we can change a behavior change .
and if we were to show the people , we can drive a behavioral change .

nun , letztes jahr waren auf diesem grundstück 600.000 vögel , mehr als 250 unterschiedliche arten .
well , last year , this property had 600,000 birds on it , more than 250 different species .
well last year , last year , on this site , 600,000 birds were more than 250 species .
now , last year , on this basic piece of 600,000 birds , more than 250 different species .

es ist immer der gleiche garten , aber zu verschiedener tageszeit , bei verschiedenem licht .
it &apos;s always the same garden , but at a different time of day , in a different light .
it &apos;s always the same garden , but it &apos;s too much different time , different light .
it &apos;s always the same garden , but at different daytime , in different light .

haben sie schon eine zweit- oder drittmeinung geholt , wie man es heutzutage schön sagt ?
did you get a second or third opinion , as people call it so nicely nowadays ?
do you have a second or third opinion , how do you say it beautiful today ?
have you already got a second or third opinion , how do you say it now ?

sie sagte : » als erstes versprich mir , dass du deine mama immer lieben wirst . «
she said , &quot; the first thing i want you to promise me is that you &apos;ll always love your mom . &quot;
she said , &quot; the first thing i did was , you will love your mommy . &quot;
she said , &quot; first of all , i jumped out that you will always love your mom . &quot;

ich denke der grund dafür ist , dass wir merken , dass irgend etwas im gange ist .
now i think that the reason is because we all feel that something &apos;s happening there .
and i think the reason for this is that we realize that there &apos;s something about the whole thing .
i think the reason is that we realize that there &apos;s something in the gangs .

ich denke , dass das geändert werden kann indem man rekombinante impfstoffe im vorhinein erstellt .
i think that can be changed by building combinatorial vaccines in advance .
i think that can be changed by making recombined vaccines in the suburbs .
i think that this can be changed by creating physical vaccines in the process .

diese grafik zeigt , wie es aussah , als das video letzten sommer zum ersten mal beliebt wurde .
this is a chart of what it looked like when it first became popular last summer .
this graph shows how it looked like the last summer for the first time .
this graph shows how it looked at the video last summer for the first time .

im jahr 2007 habe ich beschlossen , dass wir rekonzeptualisieren sollten wie wir über wirtschaftliche entwicklung denken .
in 2007 , i decided that we needed to reconceptualize how we thought about economic development .
in 2007 , i decided that we should rethink conceptualize how we think about economic development .
in 2007 , i decided that we should be able to think about economic development .

gibt es eine natürliche illustration , eine demonstration , die die vorstellung der menschen hier entfacht ?
is there some kind of natural illustration , some demonstration that would grab people &apos;s imagination here ? &quot;
is there a natural illustration , a demonstration that dissects the idea of people here ?
is there a natural illustration , a demonstration , which is the idea of people here ?

und das ist für uns menschen ist immer etwas intuitiv , wenn ich möglichst wenig darüber nachdenken muss .
and that &apos;s for us humans , something is intuitive when there &apos;s an as little as possible a need to think about it .
and this is something that is always intuitive when i have to think about it a little bit about it .
and that &apos;s always intuitive for us to be a little bit intuitive when i have to think a little bit about it .

nun , gehen wir bis ans ziel , das wir erreichen müssen und dann reden wir über den zwischenschritt .
well , let &apos;s go out to where we really need to get , and then look at the intermediate .
well , we go to the end of the goal that we need to do , and then we talk about the interplay step .
well , we &apos;re going to go to the goal that we need to reach and then talk about the intermediate step .

virtualität ist plötzlich fremd für uns fremd geworden , und hat mit der realität nichts mehr zu tun .
virtuality has suddenly become something alien to us
virtuality is suddenly stranger for us , and it has nothing to do with reality .
virtuality suddenly has become strangers for us , and has nothing to do with reality .

also , es geht darum , einen großen fußabdruck zu zu schaffen , der ein feuchtgebiet wird .
so it &apos;s about leaving leaving a large footprint , which will turn into wetland .
so , it &apos;s about creating a big footprint that &apos;s going to be a wetlands .
so , it &apos;s about creating a big footprint that &apos;s going to be a wetlands .

dies sind unsere meister-spieler . 500 millionen menschen , die außergewöhnlich gut in &quot; etwas &quot; sind .
these are our virtuoso gamers , 500 million people who are extraordinarily good at something .
these are our master-death players . 500 million people who are extraordinary in &quot; something . &quot;
these are our master-players . 500 million people who are extraordinary in &quot; something . &quot;

und ich möchte bitte zu protokoll geben , dass ich heute für meinen teil des jobs hier war . <unk>
and i would please like the record to reflect today that i showed up for my part of the job . &quot;
and i want to leave you with protocol that i was here for my part of the jobs here .
and i want to give you to protocoll that i was here for my part of the jobs here .

aber jetzt , mit mobiler technologie , können wir unsere kinder in die natürliche welt mit ihrer technologie mitnehmen .
but now with mobile technology , we can actually take our children outside into the natural world with their technology .
but now , with mobile technology , we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology .
but now , with mobile technology , we can take our children into the natural world with their technology .

nun , ich bin ja optimist , also denke ich so etwas in der art wie hier wird passieren .
now i &apos;m an optimist , so i sort of think it &apos;s probably going to do something like that .
well , i &apos;m optimist , so i think something like this is going to happen here .
well , i &apos;m an optimist , so i think something like this is going to happen here .

stimmt aber nicht , wir haben in europa sieben prozent und unser netz ist physikalisch gesehen das europäische .
but that &apos;s not true , we have seven percent in europe and our network is , if you look at it physically , the european one .
but not true , we &apos;ve seen seven percent in europe and our web is physical .
but it &apos;s not true , we &apos;ve seen in europe in europe and our web is physical , the european .

es sind also alle werkzeuge vorhanden , und die einzige sache , die uns limitiert , ist unsere vorstellungskraft .
so all the tools are out there , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
so , it &apos;s all the tools , and the only thing that gives us is our imagination .
so it &apos;s all the tools , and the only thing that we &apos;re doing is our imagination .

als ich 27 jahre später dorthin zurückkehrte , war der fisch auf die hälfte seiner größe geschrumpft .
when i went there 27 years later , the fish had shrunk to half of their size .
when i was 27 years later , the fish was shrinking half the size of its size .
when i was back 27 years later , the fish was on half of his size .

unser gedächtnis erzählt uns geschichten , das heißt , was wir von unseren erlebnissen behalten dürfen ist eine geschichte .
our memory tells us stories , that is , what we get to keep from our experiences is a story .
our memory tells us stories , which means we can keep from our experience is a story .
our memory tells us stories what we know from our experience is a story .

ich erhielt ein weiteres geschenk , nämlich in die zukunft zu sehen , und zurückzukommen und anders zu leben .
i was given another gift , which was to be able to see into the future and come back and live differently .
i got another gift to see the future and come back and live differently .
i got another gift to see the future , and come back to life and live differently .

sie spielten ein würfelspiel und die sieger durften zu einem epischen abenteuer aufbrechen .
they played one dice game , and the winners of that game got to go on an epic adventure .
they played a worker game , and the victim would break down to a episode .
they played a worker game and the seven-threatening to a episode adventure .

offensichtlich ist , dass es mit einem virus sehr simpel ist . es ist viel komplizierter mit bakterien umzugehen .
obviously , with a virus it &apos;s pretty simple ; it &apos;s much more complicated dealing with bacteria .
obviously , it &apos;s very simple with a virus , it &apos;s much more complicated to deal with bacteria .
obviously , it &apos;s very simple with a virus . it &apos;s much more complicated with bacteria .

mein herz raste , mir war schwindelig , während ich versuchte , zu fassen was vor mir stand .
my heart beat fast , my head was dizzy , trying to comprehend what it was that stood in front of me .
my heart rockest , i was scared while i was trying to touch what was going on in front of me .
my heart of my heart , i was scared , while i was trying to figure out what was going on .

sie können loslegen und online ihr eigenes museum erschaffen – aus all diesen bildern können sie ihre eigene sammlung anlegen .
you can go and create your own museum online -- create your own collection across all these images .
you can go out and create your own museum -- from all these images , you can put your own collection on it .
you can go out and create your own museum -- from all these images you can put your own collection .

wenn ich dann komme , mit meinem kleinen v w piesel und mich daneben stelle , kommt dieses gefühl auf .
when i turn up in my little vw clunker and park next to it , i get this feeling .
and when i come , with my little v piv piel and i just thought , this feeling comes up .
and when i come , with my little v pile pile and i &apos;m just looking at this feeling .

dann , eines tages , kam er vom laufen zurück und sagte &quot; paps , meine beine kribbeln . &quot;
and he came up home from a run one day and said , &quot; dad , my legs are tingling . &quot;
then one day , he came back from the walk , and he said , &quot; dad , my legs bells . &quot;
and then one day , he came back from the walk and said , &quot; paps , my legs cribble . &quot;

und ich möchte hier wirklich nicht viel zeit verbringen , außer zu sagen , dass wir auch zu diesem bereich beitragen werden .
and this one i really won &apos;t spend any time on , except to say that we have things to contribute to this field as well .
and i don &apos;t really want to spend a lot of time here trying to say that we &apos;re also going to contribute to this area .
and i really don &apos;t want to spend a lot of time here , except to say that we &apos;re going to contribute to this area .

und ich höre , wie ein typ hinter mir sagt , &quot; na wenn das nicht aimee mullins ist . &quot;
i hear this guy , his voice behind me say , &quot; well , if it isn &apos;t aimee mullins . &quot;
and i hear a guy behind me saying , &quot; well , if that &apos;s not aimee mullins . &quot;
and i hear , like a guy behind me , &quot; well , if this is not aids mullins . &quot;

die sonne scheint nicht den ganzen tag , sie scheint auch nicht jeden tag und genauso weht auch der wind nicht ständig .
the sun doesn &apos;t shine all day , it doesn &apos;t shine every day , and , likewise , the wind doesn &apos;t blow all the time .
the sun doesn &apos;t seem like the whole day , it doesn &apos;t seem like every day , and it doesn &apos;t just run the wind of the wind .
the sun doesn &apos;t seem to seem all the day , it doesn &apos;t seem like any day , and it doesn &apos;t hurt the wind all the time .

er ist ein unglaublicher kerl , drei teile charles darwin und ein teil &quot; ein krokodil zum küssen &quot; .
he &apos;s an amazing guy , like three parts charles darwin and one part crocodile dundee .
he &apos;s an incredible guy , three parts of charles darwin , and part of a crocodile to kiss .
he &apos;s an incredible guy , three parts of charles darwin and a part of a crocodile to the kitchen .

dann investieren sie ein wenig zeit in planung und organisation . sie skizzieren und legen spaghetti aus .
then they spend some time planning , organizing , they sketch and they lay out spaghetti .
then they invest a little bit of time in planning and organization . they sketch and spaghetti .
then they invest a little bit of time in planning and organization . they sketch and put spaghetti .

wenn du wirklich existieren willst , komm zu einem günstigeren moment wieder , wenn ich mich um dich kümmern kann .
if you really want to exist , come back at a more opportune moment when i can take care of you .
if you really want to exist , come to a cheaper moment , if i can take care of you .
if you really want to exist , come back to a cheap moment when i can take care of you .

er braucht genauso – er braucht würde , liebe und vergnügen . und es ist an uns , diese dinge zu geben .
it also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it &apos;s our job to hand those things out .
he needs the same -- he needs love and love and pleasure . and it &apos;s to give us these things .
he needs the same -- he needs to love and pleasure , and it &apos;s on us to give these things .

wir würden niemals jemanden mit einem flugzeug fliegen lassen , wenn für neun flugzeuge , die abheben , eines abstürzt .
in aviation , we would never let people fly on airplanes if for every nine planes that took off one would crash .
we would never leave someone with an airplane when they would pick up nine planes , fall off one .
we would never let someone fly with an airplane if for nine airplanes , pick up a storage .

und weil es spät war , und ich nicht mehr richtig denken konnte , fing ich an , an einem antrag zu arbeiten .
and because i was up too late , wasn &apos;t thinking real straight , i started working on a motion .
and because it was late , and i couldn &apos;t really think anymore , i started working on a contract .
and because it was late , and i couldn &apos;t really think , i started working on a contract .

heinrich kann in jedem staat eine frau heiraten , aber maria kann heute nur in wenigen staaten eine frau heiraten .
henry can marry in every state a woman , but mary can only marry today in a few states a woman .
heinrich in every state , a woman can maria , but maria can maria in a few states today .
hill can be married in every state , but maria can only be married in a few states today .

zu mir kommen junge filmemacher , die sagen : &quot; geben sie mir einen rat , wie ich so etwas machen kann . &quot;
i have young filmmakers come up to me and say , &quot; give me some advice for doing this . &quot;
to me , young filmmakers who say , &quot; give me a advice like i can do something like this . &quot;
to me , young filmmakers who say , &quot; give me a advice like i can do something like that . &quot;

und es ist mir wichtig , immer wieder in die noten zu schauen , auch wenn ich meine , sie auswendig zu können .
and it &apos;s important to me to always take a look at the notes , even if i think i know them by heart .
and it &apos;s important to look back into the grades , even though i can turn it away .
and it &apos;s important to look back again in the notes , even though i mean you can turn it out .

und das ist halt nicht im hobbybereich , aber es ist eine wirklich coole technologie , die auch sehr viel kann .
and that &apos;s not within the range of amateurs , but it &apos;s a really cool technology , which is capable of a lot .
and that &apos;s not in the hobbyan area , but it &apos;s a really cool technology that can also do a lot .
and that &apos;s not in the hobbyway , but it &apos;s a really cool technology that can also be very much .

sie erkennen also , dass das ansehen von informationen und daten in dieser weise sehr an schwimmen in einer lebendigen informationsgrafik erinnert .
so you get the idea that viewing information , viewing data in this way , is a lot like swimming in a living information info-graphic .
so you can see that this information is looking at information and data in a very swim way in a living information graph .
so you can see that this is looking at information and data in this way , in a very swimming graph of information .

und , wissen sie , terrapower , wenn alles gut läuft , und das ist ein großer wunsch , könnte das leicht halten .
and , you know , terrapower , if things go well -- which is wishing for a lot -- could easily meet that .
and , you know , terraal power , when everything goes well , and that &apos;s a big wish , it could be easy .
and , you know , terrapower , if everything is fine , and that &apos;s a big wish that might be easy .

frau 2 : teils hippie , teils yogi , teils brooklyn-mädchen -- ich weiß nicht .
part hippie , part yogi , part brooklyn girl -- i don &apos;t know .
two : part of the hippie , pargi , parenting brooklyd girls -- i don &apos;t know .
a woman 2 : parhippie , paryogi , shared brooklyn girls -- i don &apos;t know .

im folgenden jahr , als es 2004 fertig war , konnten sie das selbe tun für 20 millionen dollar in drein bis vier monaten .
the year after it was finished in 2004 , you could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three to four months .
the following year , when it was done in 2004 , they could do the same thing for 20 million dollars to four months .
in the following year , when it was done in 2004 , they could do the same thing for 20 million dollars in a month .

es gibt jetzt craig venter in den u.s.a , der versucht biofuel herzustellen , also benzin aus algen .
now there &apos;s craig venter in the usa who &apos;s trying to produce biofuel , biodiesel fuel made from algae .
there &apos;s now craig venter in the u.s. s.a who &apos;s trying to make biotics , so bends from algae .
there &apos;s craig venter in the u.s. s.a that &apos;s trying to make biocommodity , so gas from algae .

ich werde mit ihm arbeiten und etwas vollkommen anderes schaffen , etwas , dass die leute zum nachdenken bringt , dass unser weltbild herausfordert .
i &apos;m going to work with him to create something different , something that &apos;s going to get people thinking , that &apos;s going to challenge the way we look at the world . &quot;
i &apos;m going to work with him and create something completely different , something that makes people think that our world &apos;s going to be challenging .
i &apos;m going to work with him and create something completely different that people are thinking that our world is challenging .

natürlich führt dies zu einigen bedeutenden komplikationen -- rückenverletzungen , 30 prozent davon -- chronische rückenverletzungen .
obviously , this is resulting in some major complications -- back injuries , 30 percent of them -- chronic back injuries .
of course , this leads to some major complications -- spinal injuries , 30 percent of them -- chronic inations .
of course , this leads to some major complications -- spinal injury , 30 percent of them -- chronic feedback .

und ich bedauerte die zeit , die ich für bedeutungslose dinge verschwendet hattee , mit menschen , die etwas bedeuten .
and i regretted the time i wasted on things that did not matter with people that matter .
and i returned the time that i had to use for meaningless stuff , with people who mean something .
and i took the time that i wasted for meaningless things , with people who mean something .

wir haben probleme mit nahrungsmitteln , mit frischem und sauberem wasser , medizin , treibstoff für 6,5 milliarden menschen .
we have trouble feeding , providing fresh , clean water , medicines , fuel for the six and a half billion .
we have problems with food , with food and clean water , medicine , fuel for 6.5 billion people .
we have problems with food , with frogs and clean water , medicine , fuel for 6.5 billion people .

in diesem kopf wurde wissen abgerufen und mithilfe dieser virtuellen bilder , der imagination , wurden eben wurde wissen auch weitergegeben .
in this mind knowledge was retrieved , and with the help of these virtual images , the imagination , knowledge was was passed on too .
in this head , knowledge was called down , and mithankfully , this virtual images that had been set out to be knowledge .
in this head , you know , you know , you know , this virtual image of the images that have been given to know .

mir wurde eine großartige ausbildung zuteil – ich beschwere mich nicht – aber ich hatte zu vielen museen und diesen kunstwerken keinen zugang .
i had a great education -- i &apos;m not complaining -- but i didn &apos;t have access to a lot of these museums and these artworks .
i became a great education -- i don &apos;t complain -- but i had too many museums and i didn &apos;t have any access to art .
i became a great education -- i didn &apos;t protect myself -- but i had a lot of museums , and i didn &apos;t have access to this art .

ich war 24 jahre alt und in bestform , als ein monströser purzelbaum während ein skiabfahrt mich paralysierte .
i was 24 years old and at the top of my game when a freak summersault while downhill skiing paralyzed me .
i was 24 years old , and i was in pollinators as a monument tree during a ski ride .
i was 24 years old , and i was in polar form as a monument tree during a skull ride .

aber es geht eigentlich immer darum , so einen so einen lockeren zugang zu finden , so einen spielerischen umgang zu haben damit .
but the point is to always find a a really loose approach to it , to deal with it playfully .
but actually , it &apos;s always about finding a way of finding a more local access , so we have a playful transition process .
but it &apos;s actually always about finding a kind of logic access to finding a game that &apos;s so playful .

wenn ich ihnen eine frage stelle , heben sie , da ich blind bin , nur die hand , wenn sie einige kalorien verbrennen möchten .
so when i ask you a question , since i &apos;m blind , only raise your hand if you want to burn off some calories .
if i ask you a question , please , because i &apos;m blind , only if you want to burn some calories .
if i ask you a question , raise your hand , i &apos;m blind , just if you want to burn some calories .

heinrich muss auf all dies warten , nicht weil er tatsächlich ein anderes biologische alter hat , nur aufgrund des zeitpunktes seiner geburt .
henry has to wait for all of that , not because he &apos;s actually any different in age , biologically , except in terms of when he was born .
heinrich needs to wait for all of this , not because he actually has another biological age , just because of the time of his newspapers .
hence has to wait for all of this , not because he actually has a different biological age , just because of the period of his birth .

gesundheitswesen -- es ist nicht länger der fall in den vereinigten staaten das sie zum doktor gehen und der doktor sagt ihnen was zu tun ist .
health care -- it is no longer the case in the united states that you go to the doctor , and the doctor tells you what to do .
health -- it &apos;s no longer the case in the united states to go to the doctor and the doctor tells you what to do .
health -- it &apos;s no longer the case in the united states that you go to the doctor and the doctor tells you what to do .

und nur nebenbei , die größte absicherung gegen eine bevölkerungsexplosion ist eine bessere erziehung und ernährung in der ganzen welt .
and by the way , the biggest protection against a population explosion is making the world educated and healthy .
and just by the way , the largest insurance of a population decline is a better education and nutrition in all the world .
and just by the way , the largest security against a population is a better education and nutrition in the world .

es gibt keine frage , das etwas auswahl besser ist als keine , aber es folgt nicht , das mehr auswahl besser ist als etwas auswahl .
there &apos;s no question that some choice is better than none , but it doesn &apos;t follow from that that more choice is better than some choice .
there &apos;s no question of something better than any choice , but it doesn &apos;t follow , that &apos;s better than choice .
there &apos;s no question that &apos;s better than no choice , but it doesn &apos;t follow more choice than any choice .

um ihnen also von dieser anspannung zu erzählen , muss ich zuerst bekennen , dass ich ein großer fan der gründungsväter bin .
so in order to tell you about that tension , i have to first admit to you that i &apos;m a huge fan of the founding fathers .
so to tell you about this tension , i have to first know that i &apos;m a big fan of the founding fathers .
so to tell you about this tension , i first have to know that i &apos;m a big fan of founder .

viel wichtiger : sind sind körperlich , weshalb man sie wie bauklötze lediglich durch das ausstrecken der hände und zugreifen bewegen kann .
most importantly , they &apos;re physical , so like the blocks , you can move them just by reaching out and grasping .
more importantly , they are physical , so they are just like building blocks only by the hands of hands and access to them .
more importantly , are physical , why you can only reach out how to move them through the hands of the hands and the hands .

wenn wir den diesel abschalten , dann hat man eben nicht mehr diese rotierende masse , die eine gewisse trägheit im netz verursacht .
if we turn off the diesel , then you will no longer have this rotating mass , which causes a certain amount of idleness in the network .
when we turn the el off , you don &apos;t have these rotates that causes a certain samples in the web .
if we turn off the el , you don &apos;t have more these rotating mass , which causes a certain amount of displays in the web .

gruppen wie anonymous sind über die letzten 12 monate aufgestiegen und sind zu einem der hauptspieler auf dem feld der online-angriffe geworden .
groups like anonymous have risen up over the last 12 months and have become a major player in the field of online attacks .
groups like anonymous are over the last 12 months , and they have become one of the main players on the online field of attack .
groups like anonymous , over the last 12 months , and have become one of the main players on the online field .

ich ging ein einen sauberen raum mit neuen siliziumscheiben , und rackerte für 100 stunden an all den großen geräten .
i went into a clean room with a fresh silicon wafer , and then i just cranked away at all the big machines for about 100 hours .
i went to a clean space with new sicilium , and i refused for 100 hours on all the big devices .
i went to a clean space with new sidewalk , and raped for 100 hours of all the big devices .

wir haben alle von feen und nymphen gehört , aber wieviele leute außerhalb indiens kennen ihre indischen kollegen , die apsaras ?
so we &apos;ve all heard about fairies and we &apos;ve all heard about nymphs , but how many people outside of india know about their indian counterparts , the apsaras ?
we &apos;ve all heard about feathers and nympes , but a lot of people outside of india know their indian colleagues , the sarah faas ?
we &apos;ve all heard of fees and nymps , but how many people outside indians know their indian colleagues , the sarapas ?

nun , ich sage nicht , dass wir keine großen probleme haben – klimakrise , artensterben , wasser- und energieprobleme – die haben wir schon .
now i &apos;m not saying we don &apos;t have our set of problems -- climate crisis , species extinction , water and energy shortage -- we surely do .
now , i &apos;m not saying that we don &apos;t have big problems -- climate crisis , biodiversity , water and energy -- the problems we already have .
now , i &apos;m not saying that we don &apos;t have big problems -- climate crisis , poverty , water and energy problems -- we already have .

tschernobyl , bhopal , die challenger , vioxx , massenvernichtungswaffen , die us-präsidentschaftswahl 2000 .
chernobyl , bhopal , the challenger , vioxx , weapons of mass destruction , hanging chads .
chernobyl , bhopal , the wizard , vix , mass weapons , the u.s. presidential election election .
the chernobyl , bust , the roger , vix , mass destruction , non-leverthal weapons , the u.s. president election 2000 .

einer von drei männlichen schwarzen zwischen 18 und 30 ist in haft , im gefängnis , auf bewährung entlassen oder mit bedingter strafaussetzung .
one out of three black men between the ages of 18 and 30 is in jail , in prison , on probation or parole .
one of three male black men between 18 and 30 is in prison , in prison , on currency , or with criminal punishment .
one of three male black black black between 18 and 30 is in prison , in jail , or not with a condition .

sie können das googlen , aber es ist keine infektion des rachens sondern der oberen atemwege und verursacht den verschluss der atemwege .
you can google it , but it &apos;s an infection , not of the throat , but of the upper airway , and it can actually cause the airway to close .
you can google the googlers , but it &apos;s not an infection of the rachens , it causes the breathing , and it causes the end of the breathing .
you can see the googlar , but it &apos;s not an infection of the raw , but the obstacle of breathing , and causes the results of breathing .

und ich habe wahrscheinlich von meinen erinnerungen an diese dreiwöchige reise , ich würde sagen ungefähr 25 minuten lang in den letzten vier jahren gezehrt .
and i probably have consumed my memories of that three-week trip , i would say , for about 25 minutes in the last four years .
and i probably remembered this three-week journey , i would say about 25 minutes long in the last four years .
and i &apos;ve probably taught by my memories of these three whales , i would say about 25 minutes in the last four years .

ich glaube es ist klar , dass wir nahrung produzieren können , die milliarden menschen ernähren wird , ohne das land , auf dem sie leben , zu vergewaltigen .
i think it &apos;s clear that we can make food that will feed billions of people without raping the land that they live on .
i think it &apos;s clear that we can produce food that will feed billions of people without the land that they live on .
i think it &apos;s clear that we can produce food that will feed billions of people without the country to live on their lives .

ich denke die tatsache , dass es so schwer ist , die tatsache , dass wir über unsere grenzen hinaus greifen , bildet den wert von dingen wie dem lhc .
i think that the fact that it &apos;s so difficult , the fact that we &apos;re overreaching , is the value of things like the lhc .
i think the fact that it &apos;s so hard to understand the fact that we move beyond our limitations , the value of things like the lhc .
i think the fact that it &apos;s so hard , the fact that we are beyond our limitations , the value of things like lhc .

nur wenn sie dann ein anderes beispiel bringen , also wenn sie sofort den einen heuhaufen größer macht , dann braucht er auch keine vernunft und gar nichts dazu .
only if you come with a different example , so as soon as you make one haystack bigger than the other , then he doesn &apos;t need any sense or anything else .
just when you put another example , so if you do the threshold of a pile , it doesn &apos;t need any reason , and it doesn &apos;t need anything else .
just if you put another example , so if you get a bunch of power to make a lot bigger , it doesn &apos;t need any reasonable and nothing .

später habe ich herausgefunden , dass , etwa um die gleiche zeit , javier und octavio über die herausforderung einer reform in honduras nachgedacht haben .
later i learned that at about this same time , javier and octavio were thinking about the challenge of reform in honduras .
later , i discovered that , around the same time , javitao and vitavio , were thought of a reform in honduras .
later , i found out that , about the same time , hunting four and octavio about the challenge of a reform in honduras .

alles , was sie auf diesem bild sehen können , wurde innerhalb von vier jahren erbaut , nachdem es vier jahre gedauert hat , die genehmigungen zu erhalten .
everything you see there was built in four years , after they spent four years getting the permits .
all you can see on this image was built within four years after it took four years to get the approval of mics .
everything you can see in this picture was built within four years after it took four years to get the permits .

ich wurde groß in einer familie , einem traditionellen afroamerikanischen haushalt , der von einer matriarchin dominiert wurde , und diese matriarchin war meine großmutter .
i grew up in a house that was the traditional african american home that was dominated by a matriarch , and that matriarch was my grandmother .
i was dominated in a family , a traditional african-american household , dominated by a matriarch of a matriarch , and that matriarch was my grandmother in my grandmother .
i became big in a family , a traditional african-american household , which was dominated by a matriarated matrix , and this matrix was in my grandmother .

dann lehnte frau carr sich vor zu mir , legte einen finger auf mein gesicht und sagte : » und deshalb müssen sie sehr , sehr tapfer sein . «
and that &apos;s when ms. carr leaned forward , she put her finger in my face , she said , &quot; that &apos;s why you &apos;ve got to be brave , brave , brave . &quot;
then lever carr came to me , put a finger on my face , and he said , &quot; so you have to be very , very tasty . &quot;
and then levitt carr asked me to put a finger on my face and said , &quot; and therefore , you have to be very , very tackler . &quot;

das könnte sein , einen hydranten freizuschaufeln , unkraut zu jäten , einen mülleimer mit einer beutelratte umzudrehen .
that could be shoveling out a hydrant , pulling a weed , turning over a garbage can with an opossum in it .
that could be to release a hydrant freak , unseen hunters , a trash with a bag of trucks .
that could be a hydrant freaked to harbor , to turn a coin with a pocket .

und zwar haben die software-hacker , in den siebziger , achtzigerjahren mit computerbasteln angefangen und daraus ist auch das internet entstanden .
software hackers started building computers in the seventies and eighties and this gave rise to the internet .
and that is , the software hacker , in the seventh , eighth years , started with computer bustones , and it &apos;s also the internet .
and that &apos;s the software hackers , in the seventh , in the seventh years , with computer baffs , and that &apos;s also the internet .

die dinge also , die ein bild realistisch aussehen lassen , ich glaube es sind die dinge , über die wir nicht nachdenken , die dinge um uns herum in unserem alltag .
so the things that make a photograph look realistic , i think it &apos;s the things that we don &apos;t even think about , the things all around us in our daily lives .
so the things that make you realize a picture , i think , are the things that we don &apos;t think about , the things around us in our everyday .
so the things that make a picture of realistic , i think it &apos;s the things that we don &apos;t think about are things that are around us in our daily lives .

es ist zwar jetzt nicht so simpel , aber es ist auch nicht unmöglich , wenn man da genug neugier hat und genug energie reinsteckt , dann kommt man da auch weit .
it &apos;s not that simple , but it &apos;s also not impossible , and if you &apos;re curious enough and put enough energy into it , you can go far .
it &apos;s not that simple now , but it &apos;s not impossible if you have enough curiosity and energy , then you get too far .
now , it &apos;s not so simple , but it &apos;s not impossible if you have enough curiosity and enough energy , you get there too far .

weil , wie am anfang gesagt , es ist eine extrem wichtige technologie , und die meisten leute haben relativ wenig ahnung davon und auch auch keine chance , sich da wirklich gut zu bilden .
because as i said in the beginning , it &apos;s an extremely important technology and most people know relatively little about it and also have no chance of educating themselves really well on it .
because , as i said earlier , it &apos;s an extremely important technology , and most people have no idea about it , and also no chance to make it really good .
because , as at the beginning , it &apos;s an extremely important technology , and most people have pretty little idea of it , and also not a chance to really form .

und dann sagen meine freunde , die kleine <unk> dent-filme machen , &quot; nun , wie sollen wir mit diesen großen , gigantischen hollywood-filmen konkurrieren ? &quot;
and then my friends who make small independent films say , &quot; well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant hollywood movies ? &quot;
and then my friends who make little economies , &quot; well , how are we going to compete with these big , giant hollywood movies ? &quot;
and then my friends , who are doing little clip movies , &quot; well , how should we deal with this big , giant hollywood filmmaker ? &quot;

wenn ich daran denke , überfluss zu schaffen , dann meine ich nicht ein leben voller luxus für jeden auf diesem planeten ; es geht mir darum , ein leben voller möglichkeiten zu schaffen .
when i think about creating abundance , it &apos;s not about creating a life of luxury for everybody on this planet ; it &apos;s about creating a life of possibility .
if i think about creating flow , then i don &apos;t mean a life full of luxury everyone on this planet ; it &apos;s about creating a life of possibilities .
when i think about creating overflow , i don &apos;t mean a life full of luxury for any of us on this planet ; it &apos;s about creating a life full of possibilities .

wir werden einen prozess haben , der in der regel möglicherweise 100.000 jahre erfordert , und wir können es auf tausend jahre komprimieren - und vielleicht sogar auf die nächsten 100 jahren .
we &apos;ll take a process that normally might require 100,000 years , and we can compress it down to a thousand years -- and maybe even in the next 100 years .
we &apos;re going to have a process that could potentially require 100,000 years , and we can prioritize it for a thousand years -- and maybe even in the next 100 years .
we &apos;re going to have a process that might be able to get 100,000 years out of rule , and we can compromise it for thousands of years -- and maybe even at the next 100 years .

tatsächlich starten wir von einem neuen punkt : wir haben die biologie digitalisiert und jetzt versuchen wir vom digitalen code in eine neue phase der biologie zu gelangen indem wir neues leben gestalten und aufbauen .
we &apos;re actually starting at a new point : we &apos;ve been digitizing biology , and now we &apos;re trying to go from that digital code into a new phase of biology with designing and synthesizing life .
in fact , we &apos;re starting from a new point of view : we &apos;re going to digitize biology and now we &apos;re trying to get the digital code into a new phase of biology by building new life and building .
in fact , we &apos;re starting from a new point : we have digitized biology , and now we &apos;re trying to create the digital code in a new phase of biology by building new biology and building new life .

was das bedeutet ist , dass wenn sie jemanden treffen würden und man würde ihnen sagen , oh , sein vater ist ein zwei-meter-mann , wie viel würden sie über seine größe wissen ?
what that means is if you met somebody , and you were told , &quot; oh his father is six feet tall , &quot; how much would you know about his height ?
what that means is that if you were meeting somebody , and you would tell them , oh , his father is a two-me-man , how much would you know about his size ?
what does that mean is that if you were to meet somebody and you would tell them , oh , his father is a two-me-man , how much would you know about his size ?

also erfanden sie , laut herodotus , das würfelspiel und vereinbarten eine nationale strategie . an einem tag würde man essen . am nächsten tag würde man spielen .
so , according to herodotus , they invented dice games and they set up a kingdom-wide policy : on one day , everybody would eat , and on the next day , everybody would play games .
so they invented , according to herodling , the box game and agreed a national strategy , and one day you would eat , and the next day you would play .
so they found , according to herootus , the worker game and agreed a national strategy . on a day , you would eat food . you would play the next day .

90 prozent der großen fische , der , die wir lieben , die thunfische , die heilbutte , die lachse , schwertfisch , sie sind zusammengebrochen .
ninety percent of large fish , the ones we love -- the tunas , the halibuts , the salmons , swordfish -- they &apos;ve collapsed .
90 percent of the big fish that we love , the tuna , the healthier , the chlar , the chief , the fish , the fish , the fish , they &apos;re broken together .
90 percent of the big fish that we love , the tuna , the thumps , the lump , the truck , the chest fish , they &apos;re broken together .

dann ist der umfang der semantischen querverbindung und die fülle , die sich daraus ergibt , wirklich enorm . es ist ein klassischer netzwerkeffekt .
then the amount of semantic interconnection and the amount of richness that comes out of that is really huge . it &apos;s a classic network effect .
and then the size of the semantic connection and the feet that &apos;s out of it , is really enormous . it &apos;s a classic network .
and then the number of semantic jellyfish connection and the goodbye , which is really enormous . it &apos;s a classic network .

und nach einer sehr kurzen zeit hatte es alle charakteristika der spezies verloren und konvertierte komplett in eine neue spezies basierend auf der neuen software die wir in die zelle gegeben haben .
and with a very short period of time , all the characteristics of one species were lost and it converted totally into the new species based on the new software that we put in the cell .
and after a very short time , it had lost all the characteristics of species and converted into a completely new species based on the new software that we put in the cell .
and after a very short time , it had lost all the characteristics of the species and converts completely based in a new species based on the new software that we &apos;ve given in the cell .

sie waren der auffassung , dass leute , die politische macht hatten , diese politische macht haben sollten , aufgrund der vererbten blutlinie vom großvater zum vater zum sohn und so weiter .
they had the idea that the people who would be in political power should be in political power because of the blood being passed down from grandfather to father to son and so forth .
they were the notion that people who had the political power to do this political power , because of the bloodline from the grandfather to the grandfather and so on .
they were the notion that people who had political power , they should have political power because of the bloodline of the grandfather to son and so on .

wir haben treibstoffe der zweiten- und dritten generation die relativ bald herauskommen werden die viel höhere zuckerwertigkeiten haben werden , wie oktan oder unterschiedliche arten von butanol .
we have second- and third-generation fuels that will be coming out relatively soon that are sugar , to much higher-value fuels like octane or different types of butanol .
we have two thirds of the second and third generation that are going to come out of the way that are going to be much higher than occurring , like octanium or different kinds of tangies .
we have hydrogen fuels of the second and third generation that are going to be pretty soon that are going to have a lot of higher than octopus , like october , or different species of butanese .

und sie machen ein paar tests und finden heraus , dass sie anstatt eierstöcken und gebärmutter , in wirklichkeit hoden in sich trägt und , dass sie ein y chromosom hat .
and they do some tests and figure out that , instead of having ovaries inside and a uterus , she actually has testes inside , and she has a y chromosome .
and they do some tests , and they find that instead of getting eggs and sticks and mom , in fact , is in hostile in it , and that it has a chromosome .
and they &apos;re going to find some tests and find out that instead of eradicating and mother , in reality , in reality , and that she has a chromosome chromosome .

nun , nachdem ich &apos; regierung &apos; gewählt habe erkenne ich , dass die wikipediakategorien , die sich am meisten damit decken time magazines &quot; menschen des jahres &quot; sind .
now , having selected government , i can now see that the wikipedia categories that most frequently correspond to that are time magazine people of the year .
now , after i chose government , i know that the wikipediatrics , most of the time magazine are &quot; the year . &quot;
now , after i chose government , i know that the wiki pediatalian categories that are most cover by the time magazine .

. verstehe ich sie richtig ? ihre software ermöglicht , dass zu einem bestimmten zeitpunkt , innerhalb der nächsten jahre , alle bilder , die von jemandem in der welt gemeinsam benutzt werden im prinzip miteinander verknüpft werden ?
do i understand this right ? that what your software is going to allow , is that at some point , really within the next few years , all the pictures that are shared by anyone across the world are going to basically link together ?
do i understand you right ? your software provides that at a certain point in the next few years , all images that are used by somebody in the world are being linked together in a principle ?
now . do i understand them right ? your software enables that within a particular time , within the next few years , all of the images that are used by somebody in the world are used together in principle ?

jeder dollar wurde zugeteilt und wurde in weitere ausbildung für englisch und mathematik gesteckt , egal , worauf wir dafür verzichten mussten . meistens waren das neue sachen , die kamen immer aus zweiter hand .
all the dollars were allocated and extra tuition in english and mathematics was budgeted for regardless of what missed out , which was usually new clothes ; they were always secondhand .
every dollar was divided , and in other educational training , math education , whatever we had to do for it , and most of the time , the new things that came out of hand .
every dollar was divided in another education for english and mathematics , no matter what we had to do for it . mostly the new things that were always coming out of two .

es gibt außerdem auch einige nette möglichkeiten in der bildung wie sprachen , mathematik oder logikspiele , wo wir den leuten die möglichkeit des schnellen ausprobierens geben und die ergebnisse sofort sehen wollen .
there are also some neat possibilities for education , like language , math and logic games where we want to give people the ability to try things quickly , and view the results immediately .
there &apos;s also some nice opportunities in education like math , mathematics , logic games , where we give people the opportunity to get the speed of fast biases and the results immediately .
there are also some nice opportunities in education as languages , math or locks , where we give people the possibility of the quick , and they want to see the results immediately .

und das gibt ihnen wirklich das vergnügen und die gute erfahrung eine echte papierausgabe einer zeitschrift oder einer zeitung zu lesen , was an sich eine art medium mit mehreren größenordnungen ist .
and this really gives you the joy and the good experience of reading the real paper version of a magazine or a newspaper , which is an inherently multi-scale kind of medium .
and that really gives you the pleasure and the good experience to read a papers of a magazine , or a newspaper , which is a kind of a different kind of scale .
and that really gives you the pleasure , and the good experience of a paper papers of a magazine or a newspaper , which is a kind of medium with a multi-scale of scale .

sie gingen weg von erklärungen übernatürlicher art , und wiesen dinge , wie ein übernatürliches konzept von macht , zurück , wo die übertragung auf einem sehr vagen konzepts von geburtsrecht basiert .
they were moving away from supernatural explanations , and they were rejecting things like a supernatural concept of power , where it transmitted because of a very vague concept of birthright .
they went away from explanations of natural ways , and things like a natural concept of power , where the transmission was based on a very vative concepts of birth .
they went away from explained natural ways , things like a natural concept of power , where the transmission is based on a very conceptual concepts of birth .

wenn sie intuitiver werden und dann muss ich wieder meinen kleinen freund hier strapazieren und gucken , was bedeutet das denn eben aus sicht der kognitionsergonomie , wann ist jetzt wirklich etwas auch intuitiv ?
if they become more intuitive and then i have to rough-handle my little friend here again and see what that means from the point of view of cognitive ergonomics , when is something really intuitive ?
if you &apos;re more intuitive , and then i have to repair my little friend over here and look at what does that mean , because from the perspective of cognitive gonomergonomy , when is really a little bit intuitive ?
if you get more intuitive , and then i have to put my little friend here and look at what that means , because it means from the cognitive cognition , when is now something more intuitive ?

nach welcher logik diese täuschung , diese selbsttäuschung , die bereitschaft , eine andere wirklichkeit als die , von der wir eigentlich schon im unbewussten wissen , dass sie gültig ist , nach außen zu verbreiten .
i would like to present to you two , perhaps three examples to illustrate this .
so what logic do is , this self-deception , the willingness , a different reality than the reality that we know , in fact , about unconscious knowledge is that it &apos;s freely available to spread out .
after the logic of this deception , this self-deception , the willingness , a different reality that we actually know in the most unconscious knowledge that it &apos;s easy to spread from the outside .

und vielleicht konnte dieser wandel auch passieren , weil ich so vielen menschen begegnet bin , die mir türen geöffnet haben , anstatt menschen zu begegnen , die mich einschränken oder mir eine vorstellung überstülpen wollten .
and perhaps this shift in me has happened because i &apos;ve been exposed to more people who have opened doors for me than those who have put lids and cast shadows on me .
and maybe this change could happen , because i &apos;m so encountered to people who opened up doors rather than to encounter people who wanted me , or wanted to have an idea of what i was going on .
and maybe this change could happen , because i &apos;m so many people who have opened my doors , rather than to meet people who wanted to constract me , or i wanted to have an idea .

klimaverschlechterung bedeutet , dass deren saaten über viele jahre nicht wachsen werden . es wir zu viel oder zu wenig regnen . die dinge werden sich so ändern , wie es ihre fragile umwelt nicht aushalten kann .
the climate getting worse means that many years , their crops won &apos;t grow : there will be too much rain , not enough rain , things will change in ways that their fragile environment simply can &apos;t support .
climate change means that their saves don &apos;t grow over many years , and we &apos;re going to grow too much or too little shelter , and things are going to change as it can &apos;t stop their environment .
climate change means that their saves are not going to grow up over many years , and we &apos;re getting too little , or we &apos;re going to do so much , things are going to change as they can &apos;t keep their fragile environment .

in bezug auf ehe und familie , gab es eine zeit , in der die standard-annahme war , dass fast jeder eine hatte und das sie so schnell heirateten wie sie konnten , und dann so schnell kinder bekamen wie sie konnten .
with respect to marriage and family , there was a time when the default assumption that almost everyone had is that you got married as soon as you could , and then you started having kids as soon as you could .
in terms of marriage and family , there was a time when the default assumption that almost every one of them had one , and they were so fast as they could , and then children could get as fast as they could .
in terms of marriage and family , there was a time in the standard of the standard assumption that almost any one , and they could get married as quickly as they could , and then they could get kids as fast as they could .

eines tages saß ich dort und hörte diesen frauen zu , und nach ein paar stunden drehte sich frau parks zu mir um uns sagte : » nun bryan , sagen sie mir , was die › initiative für gleiches recht ‹ ist .
and one time i was over there listening to these women talk , and after a couple of hours ms. parks turned to me and she said , &quot; now bryan , tell me what the equal justice initiative is .
one day i sat there , and i listened to these women , and after a few hours , a few hours of being parent told me , &quot; now , bryan , tell me what the initiative is the right to the equation .
one day i sat there and i heard these women , and after a couple of hours , a woman looked at me to tell us , &quot; well , let me tell me what the initiative is right .

ich forschte ein wenig , sprach mit einigen bekannten beim met , und fand tatsächlich heraus , das es sich um ein spiel namens squail handelt , bei dem eine gans am fastnachtsdienstag mit einem stock geschlagen wird .
i did a little research , spoke to a couple of my contacts at the met , and actually found out that this is a game called squall , which involves beating a goose with a stick on shrove tuesday .
i did a research a little bit , and i talked to some famous ones , and in fact , it turns out that it &apos;s a game called squatter ail , where there &apos;s a ganges on the front end of the day with a cane .
i was researching a little bit , talking to some known as a known , and actually found out that it was a game called aviil , where one of the staircase is beaten on the face with a tuesday .

also , zuerst , wenn sie in eines dieser online-spiele einsteigen , vor allem bei world of warcraft , gibt es eine menge verschiedener charaktere , die bereit sind , ihnen eine weltrettende mission anzuvertrauen , und zwar sofort .
so , the first thing is whenever you show up in one of these online games , especially in world of warcraft , there are lots and lots of different characters who are willing to trust you with a world-saving mission , right away .
so , first of all , when you go to one of these online games , especially in the world of warcraft , there &apos;s a lot of different characters that are ready to trust you a world mission to trust , right now .
so , first of all , when you get into an online games , especially in the world of warning , there &apos;s a lot of different characters that are willing to trust you , a world-to-end mission , and immediately .

da nun die noten alles andere als eine genaue aufzeichnung des anliegens des komponisten darstellt , sondern nur ein gerüst , wende ich nun dieses gerüst an , um es wieder mit sinn und bedeutung zu befüllen .
as the note is anything but a precise indication of the desire of a composer , and is , rather , a framework , i will now utilise this framework to fill it with sense and meaning .
now , the notes represent everything else as an accurate record of the composer of the composer , but just a scaffolding , i &apos;m now turning this framework to fill it back up with meaning .
now , the nodes of everything else as an accuracy of the composer of the composer , but only a framework , i &apos;m now looking at this score to fill it back and make sense .

hier ist eine gefügeaufnahme von dem molekül das wir hergestellt haben indem wir diese prozesse benutzt haben - tatsächlich haben wir nur hefe-mechanismen verwendet mit dem richtigen design der stücke haben wir sie eingepasst . hefe fügt diese dann automatisch zusammen .
here &apos;s an actual micrograph of the molecule we built using these processes , actually just using yeast mechanisms with the right design of the pieces we put them in ; yeast puts them together automatically .
here &apos;s a picture of the molecule that we made by using these processes -- in fact , we only used hefi mechanisms with the right design that we flooded them . then we put these automatically together .
here &apos;s a sense of the molecule that we created by using these processes -- actually , we just used hest-fat mechanisms with the right pieces of design that we put them together . then it &apos;s automatically transformed together .

wenn sie es jemandem ermöglichen , seine eigenen , inneren kräfte zu aktivieren , – der menschliche geist ist so empfangsbereit – wenn sie das schaffen , und für jemanden in einem entscheidenden moment eine tür öffnen , dann sind sie für diese menschen ein sehr guter lehrer .
if you can hand somebody the key to their own power -- the human spirit is so receptive -- if you can do that and open a door for someone at a crucial moment , you are educating them in the best sense .
if you give someone a chance to activate their own inner forces -- the human mind is so comprehensive -- if you can do this , and open someone in a critical moment , you &apos;re very good teachers .
if you allow somebody to activate his own inner forces -- the human mind is so clever -- if you create that , and for somebody in a critical moment , you &apos;re open for these very good teachers .

und ich erkannte zur selben zeit , dass es okay ist , ein außenseiter zu sein , ein neuankömmling , neu im bild – und nicht nur okay , sondern etwas , wofür man dankbar sein muss , vielleicht ein geschenk des boots .
and i realized at the same time that it is okay to be an outsider , a recent arrival , new on the scene -- and not just okay , but something to be thankful for , perhaps a gift from the boat .
and i realized at the same time that it &apos;s okay to be an outsider , a newly delit , new image -- and not just okay , but something that you need to be grateful , maybe a gift of the booth .
and i realized at the same time that it &apos;s okay to be a foreign rope , a neurope , a newly rey , in the picture -- and not just right , but what you have to do is you have to be grateful , maybe a gift of the boarding .

sowohl in meinem beruf bei robin hood als auch in meinem nebenberuf als freiwilliger feuerwehrmann bin ich zeuge von großzügigkeit und freundlichkeit im großen maßstab , aber ich sehe auch taten der nächstenliebe und des muts von einzelnen .
in both my vocation at robin hood and my avocation as a volunteer firefighter , i am witness to acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but i &apos;m also witness to acts of grace and courage on an individual basis .
both in my profession , robin and my side , as a ceo , i &apos;m a volunteer man of generosity and generosity in the big scale , but i also look at the next of love and mutations of the individual .
and in my profession , in roman , as also in my side , as a profession as a volunteer fireman , i &apos;m a lot of generosity and friendship and friendship in the great scale , but i also see the rest of the day and the mustations of the individual .

er sagte zu mir : &quot; ich musste deinen eltern sagen , dass du nie laufen würdest , und nie so beweglich sein würdest wie andere kinder oder dass du nie ein unabhängiges leben führen könntest , und seitdem haben sie mich einfach lügen gestraft . &quot;
he said to me , &quot; i had to give this prognosis to your parents that you would never walk , and you would never have the kind of mobility that other kids have or any kind of life of independence , and you &apos;ve been making liar out of me ever since . &quot;
he said to me , &quot; i had to tell your parents you never had to walk , and never be as moving as other kids could or that you could never have a independent life , and since they just left me . &quot;
he said to me , &quot; i had to tell your parents that you never walk around , and never be able to be as moving as other kids , or that you could never lead a independent life , and since they just lifted me . &quot;

ich bin studierte historikerin , und in diesem fall untersuche ich , wie menschen mit anatomie umgingen -- d.h. menschliche körper , tierische körper -- wie sie mit körperflüssigkeiten umgingen , mit körperkonzepten ; wie sie über körper gedacht haben .
i &apos;m a historian by training , and what i study in that case is the way that people have dealt with anatomy -- meaning human bodies , animal bodies -- how they dealt with bodily fluids , concepts of bodies ; how have they thought about bodies .
i &apos;m a historian of historian , and in this case , i study how people went with anatomy -- that &apos;s a human body , human body , animal body -- how they went to see fluidically with body , concepts ; how they thought about bodies .
i was a historian historian , and in this case , i studied people with anatomy -- human body -- human body , human bodies -- like they went with body fluids , with body concepts ; they thought about bodies .

hier haben sie diesen zensor zwischen dem unbewussten und dem bewussten , der sofort anspringt , ohne dass sie etwas dagegen tun können , und die dinge , von denen sie wissen , dass sie ganz anders aussehen , so gestaltet , dass sie viel besser für sie und andere klingen können .
in this way certain words come into being that we also use again and again in the language of political correctness .
here you have this censorship between the unconscious and the conscious jump , right away , and you can do something about it , and the things that you know , that you look very different , so that you can make a lot better for them , and you can explain others .
here you have this license between the unconscious and the conscious and the most conscious thing that you can do without doing something about it , and the things that you know that you look very different , so that you can make a lot better for them and others .

ich finde , dass sie so tapfer und stark waren , und so radikal , in dem was sie taten dass ich mich alle paar jahre dabei ertappe das schmalzige musical 1776 anzusehen , und es ist nicht wegen der musik , die absolut zu vergessen ist .
i mean , they were so brave and so bold and so radical in what they did that i find myself watching that cheesy musical &quot; 1776 &quot; every few years , and it &apos;s not because of the music , which is totally forgettable .
i find that they were so brave , and strong , and so radical , in what they did , that i was taking all of the papers to see the malnutrition of 1776 , and it &apos;s not because of the music that is absolutely forgotten to forget .
i find that they were so pace and strong and so radical , and so radical , in which they did for me all of the years to look at the shame of 1776 , and it &apos;s not because of the music .

es gibt zum beispiel die anekdote , dass der bericht eines kapitäns soundso , der in dieser gegend große fischvorkommen beobachtete , nicht genutzt werden kann , oder von fischereiwissenschaftlern normalerweise nicht gewertet wird , weil er nicht &quot; wissenschaftlich &quot; ist .
for example , the anecdote that some present , as captain so-and-so observed lots of fish in this area cannot be used or is usually not utilized by fishery scientists , because it &apos;s not &quot; scientific . &quot;
for example , there &apos;s an anecdote that the reports of a capitalist so that in this area , the area of this great fish tank can be observed , can &apos;t be used , or by fishing scientists don &apos;t normally be advertised , because he &apos;s not &quot; scientific . &quot;
for example , there &apos;s the anecdote that the reports of a capita soundscape that could be seen in this large fish area , not being used by fishermen , or fishermen are usually not used , because it &apos;s not scientifically scientific .

wo die gründungsväter also extrem bedacht waren herauszufinden wie individuen vor dem staat geschützt werden konnten , ist es möglich , dass , wenn wir mehr mütter in dieses konzept einbrächten , wir mehr ein konzept bekämmen von , nicht nur wie man schützt , sondern wie wir für einander sorgen können .
so whereas the fathers were extremely attentive to figuring out how to protect individuals from the state , it &apos;s possible that if we injected more mothers into this concept , what we would have is more of a concept of , not just how to protect , but how to care for each other .
so where the founding fathers were extremely considerable to figure out how individuals could be protected from the state , it &apos;s possible that if we put more mothers in this concept , we &apos;re shaking a concept of cheese , not just how to be concerned about each other , but how to care for each other .
so where the founders were extremely suspended to find out how individuals could be protected in front of the state , it &apos;s possible that if we put more mothers in this concept in this concept , we &apos;re going to get more a concept of cheaper , not just how to protect them , but how we can care for each other .

und was wir da getan haben , war eigentlich eine damals neue art von netzwerk zu nutzen , das auf der ganzen welt eingesetzt wurde – das ist ein mobiltelefonnetz – und anonyme und aggregierte information aus diesem netzwerk zu nutzen , die ohnehin vom betreiber gesammelt werden , um zu verstehen wie die stadt funktioniert .
and what we did there was actually use a new type of network at the time that had been deployed all across the world -- that &apos;s a cellphone network -- and use anonymous and aggregated information from that network , that &apos;s collected anyway by the operator , in order to understand how the city works .
and what we did was actually use a new kind of network that was used throughout the world -- this is a mobile phone web -- and anonymity and anonymously made from this network that are collected from the neothest of the grain to understand how the city works .
and what we &apos;ve done was actually using a new kind of network that was used on the whole world -- this is a mobile phone net -- and anonymity from this network of networks that are collected to understand how the city works .

in meinen ungefähr 20 jahren des medizinischen sendungsbewusstseins und journalismus , habe ich eine persönliche medizinische studie über medizinische fehler und falsche behandlungen erstellt um so alles mir mögliche für einen meiner ersten artikel , den ich für den toronto star zu meiner show &quot; white coat , black art &quot; , schrieb , zu lernen .
in my 20 years or so of medical broadcasting and journalism , i &apos;ve made a personal study of medical malpractice and medical errors to learn everything i can , from one of the first articles i wrote for the toronto star to my show &quot; white coat , black art . &quot;
in my 20-year medical records of 20 years , and journalism , i created a personal medical study about medical error and false procedures for my first article , i wrote the first article for the torture of my torstar &apos;s &quot; white coat , &quot; black art , &quot; to learn .
in my 2020 years of medical consciousness and journalism , i created a personal study about medical error and false treatments for all of my first article that i wrote for the first one of my new art show to my new show , &quot; black coat , &quot; which was a way of learning .

ich glaube ein signifikanter -- nicht der einzige , aber ein signifikanter beiträger zu dieser explosion der depression , und auch selbstmord , ist , dass menschen erfahren haben die enttäuschend sind weil ihre standards so hoch sind . und dann , wenn sie sich diese erfahrungen selbst erklären müssen , denken sie es wäre ihre schuld .
i believe a significant -- not the only , but a significant -- contributor to this explosion of depression , and also suicide , is that people have experiences that are disappointing because their standards are so high , and then when they have to explain these experiences to themselves , they think they &apos;re at fault .
i think one of the most significant things -- not the only one , but a significant exchanger to this depression , and even suicide , is that people have learned that their standards are so high because their standards are so high , and then , if they have to explain that experience , they have to be able to blame , they would be their blame .
i think i think a significant canadian -- not the only one , but a fier contribution to this explosion of depression , and also suicide , is that people have learned that their deception are so high , because their standards are so high . and then if you have to explain that experience , you have to think it would be your fault .

interessante historische fußnote : als die mohren südspanien eroberten brachten sie diesen brauch mit . die aussprache änderte sich im laufe der jahrhunderte von <unk> allah , allah , allah <unk> zu <unk> olé , olé , olé <unk> , das man immer noch bei stierkämpfen und flamenco-tänzen hört .
curious historical footnote -- when the moors invaded southern spain , they took this custom with them and the pronunciation changed over the centuries from &quot; allah , allah , allah , &quot; to &quot; ole , ole , ole , &quot; which you still hear in bullfights and in flamenco dances .
well , interesting historic footnote : when the mosquito charges they brought this use . the language changed over the centuries of allah allah , allah , allah , allah produces a moolar , mentolds , mentolds , still fighting to fight sticks and flames . &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ;
interesting historical footprints : when the moore &apos;s southeast they took this use , and the language changed over the centuries of allah , allah allah , allah , allah , urrolington , which is still fighting to fight and stop amencing .

wir reinigten das chromosom einer mikrobenspezies . grob gesagt , sind diese beiden soweit voneinander entfernt wie menschen und mäuse . wir gaben einige extra-gene dazu damit wir dieses chromosom auswählen konnten . wir zersetzten es mit enzymen um alle proteine zu zerstören . und es war sehr erstaunlich als wir es in eine zelle gaben -- und sie werden unsere sehr ausgereiften graphiken hier schätzen --
we purified a chromosome from one microbial species -- roughly , these two are as distant as human and mice -- we added a few extra genes so we could select for this chromosome , we digested it with enzymes to kill all the proteins , and it was pretty stunning when we put this in the cell -- and you &apos;ll appreciate our very sophisticated graphics here .
we put the chromosome on the chromosome of the microbes in it . in fact , these two socks are far apart from each other , like mice and mice , and we gave some extra genes so we could choose this chromosome . we were able to destroy it all around an enzyme , and it was a very astonishing cell , and it was quite amazing than we could put it in a cell -- and we &apos;re going to raise our very large numbers here .
we put the chromosome of the chromosome in a micro-like species , and said , these two sooners are far away from people like people and mice , and we gave some extra genes to choose this chromosome . we could choose this chromosome . we put it with all the enzymes , and it was a very amazing thing to destroy it into a cell -- and we &apos;re going to be able to overestimate this .

&quot; behindert &quot; , adjektiv : &quot; verkrüppelt , hilflos , nutzlos , zerstört , abgestorben , verstümmelt , verwundet , zugerichtet , lahm , abgetrennt verwahrlost , ausgedient , geschwächt , impotent , kastriert , gelähmt , gehandicapt senil , altersschwach , aus dem verkehr gezogen , nachgebessert , erledigt , kaputt geborsten , ausgezählt , siehe auch verletzt , nutzlos und schwach .
&quot; disabled , adjective : crippled , helpless , useless , wrecked , stalled , maimed , wounded , mangled , lame , mutilated , run-down , worn-out , weakened , impotent , castrated , paralyzed , handicapped , senile , decrepit , laid-up , done-up , done-for , done-in cracked-up , counted-out ; see also hurt , useless and weak .
&quot; disabled &quot; , adjet : &quot; crashed , helpless , helpless , destroy , destroy , crashes , dishes , discriminate , disgust , confirm , consolation , honestly , impered , abandoned , paralyzed , paralyzed , racy , odorodor-in-hancement , rejected , rejected , eyearted , reed , disposedly , seminated , searching , searchy .
&quot; disabled , &quot; admittedly , &quot; helpless , helpless , destroyed , destroyed , destroying , refers , regardless , shopping , regardless , regardless , regardless , paralyzed , paralyzed , paralyzed , paralyzed , regardless , regardless , regardless , restored , regret , regret , getting weaked .

was ayahuasca so faszinierend macht , ist nicht nur das pharmakologische potential dieses präparats , sondern dessen verarbeitung . es wird wirklich aus zwei verschiedenen quellen hergestellt . auf der einen seite , gibt es diese hölzerne liane , die eine reihe von betakarbolinen , harmin , harmolin , leicht halluzinogen , birgt . diese kletterpflanze allein einzunehmen ist ungefähr so als ob sich ein blauer trüber rauch auf ihr bewusstsein legt , es wird jedoch mit den blättern eines strauchs aus der familie der kaffeepflanzen mit dem namen psychotria viridis vermischt .
what makes ayahuasca fascinating is not the sheer pharmacological potential of this preparation , but the elaboration of it . it &apos;s made really of two different sources : on the one hand , this woody liana which has in it a series of beta-carbolines , harmine , harmaline , mildly hallucinogenic -- to take the vine alone is rather to have sort of blue hazy smoke drift across your consciousness -- but it &apos;s mixed with the leaves of a shrub in the coffee family called psychotria viridis .
so , in fact , the leafy modeling is just about a sickness of amino acids in the middle of the city , but it &apos;s a little bit of a lever , and it &apos;s just crushed in the middle of a left-size , and it &apos;s not just a red cross between the middle east , but it &apos;s not going to have one of the middle eastern , and one of the right whislands , and it &apos;s not just having one of the red ones in it , but it &apos;s not even the middle eastern of the middle eastern india , but it &apos;s not just one of the red soaring down into the middle eastern ones that kind of the red sofumbrellyfish , it , but the fly into the fly into the sea floor , but it &apos;s a rivers of the middle of the middle east , it &apos;s a rivers itself . it is , it &apos;s going to grow up in the red , it
however , what &apos;s going to do is , in fact , this petrine , is a rubbish of blood vessels , and it &apos;s actually made up of a sevenezuela , but it &apos;s a sevenezuela , which is really un-like this one of the peacekeepers , which is made by the peacekeepers , which is actually a peacekeepers , which is actually a little bit of the carridge , it &apos;s a petled by liar , which is really uncanopia , it &apos;s not just as well as well as well as well as well as well as it &apos;s a result of the fooline , it &apos;s going to be , it &apos;s a result of a result of the petrumonia , it &apos;s a petrumoner , it &apos;s made by the petrassia , it &apos;s been created by the peacecolocity

