ja ?
right ?
yes ?
yes ?

vielen dank .
thanks .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you very much .
thank you .
thank you .

aber es geht .
it is possible though .
but it goes .
but it &apos;s about it .

das ist schwer .
this is hard .
that &apos;s hard .
that &apos;s hard .

wir lieben unterhaltung .
we love entertainment .
we love entertainment .
we love entertainment .

das können wir machen .
we can do that .
we can do that .
we can do that .

was ist hier passiert ?
so what happens here ?
what &apos;s happening here ?
what happened here ?

ich habe eine frage .
i &apos;ve got a question .
i have a question .
i have a question .

bg : danke .
bg : thank you .
bg : thank you .
bg : thank you .

sie sehen es sofort .
the first two theorems are logically correct .
you see it immediately .
you can see it immediately .

das ist aber kein schutz .
but that &apos;s not protection .
that &apos;s not a protection .
but that &apos;s not a conservation .

es gibt aber noch etwas .
but there &apos;s another thing .
but there &apos;s something else .
but there &apos;s something else .

ich denke , eher nicht .
i don &apos;t think so .
i don &apos;t think so .
i think , rather than that .

es waren immer noch fische .
there were still fishes .
they were still fish .
it was still fish .

das sieht man da unten .
you can see this at the bottom .
that &apos;s what you see down there .
you can see that down there .

sie haben es wirklich geliebt .
they really loved it .
they really loved it .
they really loved it .

das war der beginn der reise .
so that started the journey .
that was the beginning of the journey .
this was the beginning of the journey .

was ist das für ein ding ?
and what is that thing ?
what &apos;s the thing for a thing ?
what is that for a thing ?

und ist ist die crux .
and here &apos;s the thing .
and it &apos;s the crux .
and is the crux .

die geschichte ist noch nicht vorbei .
this is not a finished story .
the story is not over .
the story is not over yet .

sie haben so viel unsicherheit .
you have that much uncertainty .
they have so much uncertainty .
they have so much uncertainty .

mein name ist brian goldman .
my name is brian goldman .
my name is brian goldman .
my name is brian goldman .

und das haben wir dann getan .
and so that &apos;s what we did .
and that &apos;s what we did .
and that &apos;s what we did .

welche lektionen haben wir gelernt ?
you know , what are the lessons learned ?
what lessons have we learned ?
what have we learned ?

wir sind eine kleinere marke .
we are a smaller brand .
we &apos;re a smaller brand .
we &apos;re a smaller brand .

sie verkaufen zertifikate .
they sell certificates .
they sell certificate .
they sell certificate .

das ist wie beim sprechenlernen .
it &apos;s like learning to speak .
this is like learning .
this is like learning .

also der erste schritt zu einer interpretation .
so the first step towards an interpretation .
so the first step in a interpretation .
so the first step to a interpretation .

ich nehme nicht den gleichen verlauf .
i don &apos;t take the same history .
i don &apos;t take the same course .
i don &apos;t take the same lost .

hier ist eine beschreibung der straße .
here &apos;s a description of the road .
here &apos;s a description of the road .
here &apos;s a description of the road .

er war schon über sechzig .
he was over sixty at the time .
he was already about sixth .
he was already over six .

es geht um veränderbare normwerte .
and this is about shifting baseline .
it &apos;s about changing values .
it &apos;s about changing values .

björn sundin .
this is bjorn sundin .
bjn sundin .
bjjelln .

das nebenprodukt ist sauberes wasser .
the side product is clean water .
the byproduct is clean water .
the side is clean water .

und die neugierde lässt sich nicht lernen .
and curiosity can &apos;t be learned .
and the curiosity doesn &apos;t allow the curiosity .
and the curiosity doesn &apos;t learn .

... bedeutet also , nicht so optimistisch .
... meaning not so optimistic .
so ... so , not so optimistic .
so , you know , not so optimistic .

das hier ist &quot; welt ohne öl . &quot;
so , this is world without oil .
this is &quot; world without oil . &quot;
this is &quot; world without oil . &quot;

was dauert fünfundzwanzig millisekunden ?
what takes twenty-five milliseconds ?
what does five milliseconds do ?
what takes fifty million-million-milliseconds ?

&quot; sie haben sie nicht losgelassen . &quot;
&quot; you have not let it go . &quot;
&quot; they didn &apos;t let them go . &quot;
&quot; they didn &apos;t let them go . &quot;

denn jetzt können sie einen dreisatz anwenden .
you &apos;ll remember the rule of three from school .
because now you can apply a three-sentence .
because now you can apply a three-sentence .

es ist ein kleiner virus der bakterien tötet .
it &apos;s a small virus that kills bacteria .
it &apos;s a little virus that kills bacteria .
it &apos;s a little virus of bacteria .

es war ein zackenbarsch .
this was the sailfin grouper .
it was a zacbarvert .
it was a zaceful .

reicht nicht die hälfte oder ein viertel ? &quot;
can &apos;t we just cut it in half or a quarter ?
isn &apos;t half a quarter ? &quot;
not half or half a quarter ? &quot;

und da gibt es einen zentralen punkt dabei .
and there &apos;s one central point here .
and there &apos;s a central point there .
and there &apos;s a central point of this .

eigentlich wollte <unk> kein virales video machen .
but he didn &apos;t actually set out to make a viral video , bear .
in fact , it didn &apos;t want to make any viral video .
in fact , it didn &apos;t want to make a viral video .

ich bin mir nicht sicher , wohin wir gehen .
i &apos;m not sure where we go .
i &apos;m not sure where we go .
i &apos;m not sure where we go .

ich wollte die gesundheit nach einer krankheit wiederherstellen .
i wanted to restore health from disease .
i wanted to restore the health of a disease .
i wanted to rebuild the health of a disease .

alles davon ist kompostierbar davon .
it &apos;s all compostable all of it .
all of them are composable .
all of this is compoable of it .

trotzdem scheinen wir damit ganz zufrieden zu sein .
and yet , we seem to be very comfortable .
yet we seem to be very pleased with this .
yet , we seem to be very happy with it .

beschämend . beschämend .
disgraceful . disgraceful .
bless . damage .
accessible . accumulating .

sie sind nun alle wieder auf ihrem weg zurück .
they &apos;re all on their way back underground now .
they &apos;re all back on their way back .
they &apos;re all back to their way back .

heute hat eine menge leute die regierung aufgegeben .
now a lot of people have given up on government .
today , a lot of people have given the government .
today , a lot of people have given the government .

und diese argumentation ergibt keinen sinn .
and this is an argument , which doesn &apos;t make sense .
and that argument doesn &apos;t make any sense .
and this argument is not a sense .

&quot; großartig &quot; , sagte ich . legte auf .
&quot; great , &quot; i said . got off the phone .
&quot; great , &quot; i said . put it on .
&quot; great , &quot; i said . i put on .

also zum thema des tages : finanzielles sparen .
so now for the topic of today : financial savings .
so , the theme of the day : financial saving .
so for the theme of the day , financial save .

das ist eine tote schildkröte .
this is a dead turtle .
this is a dead turtle .
this is a dead turtle .

die flamingos fressen die garnelen .
the flamingos eat the shrimp .
the flamingos eat the shrimp .
the flgos eat the guarantees .

und sie fühlen ebenso ihre bewegungen und neigung .
and they can also sense their motion and tilt .
and they also feel their movements and their movements .
and they also feel their movements and their mobility .

so dass sie die ganze bewegung nachvollziehen können .
so you can reconstruct a whole movement .
so they can remove the whole movement .
so they can move the whole movement .

und die frage ist , warum haben sie nicht mehr ?
the question is , why don &apos;t they have more ?
and the question is , why don &apos;t you have more ?
and the question is , why don &apos;t you have more ?

und in diesem fall , sah es ein nachbar .
and in this case , a neighbor saw it .
and in this case , it saw a neighbor .
and in this case , it saw a neighbor .

jetzt machen wir das mit bohrern und maschinen .
now we do the same with drills and machines .
now we &apos;re doing this with drilling machines and machines .
now we &apos;re doing this with drill and machines .

ich weiß nicht , wer von ihnen dieses bild kennt .
i don &apos;t know if any of you know this image .
i don &apos;t know who you know this image .
i don &apos;t know who you know this picture .

die erste frage ist , sind wir wirklich zu viele ?
the first question is , are there really too many of us ?
the first question is , are we really too many ?
the first question is , are we really too many ?

ich bin sehr dankbar für den empfang hier .
it &apos;s very gratifying to have this kind of reception here .
i &apos;m very grateful for the recommendation here .
i &apos;m very grateful for the stops here .

dadurch veränderte sich meine art , filme zu machen , komplett .
and it completely changed how i do movies .
it changed my way of making films completely .
it changed my way to make films completely , completely .

so bekam er die bürger dazu , sie zu überprüfen .
so he &apos;s getting citizens to check on them .
so he got the citizens to check them .
so he got the citizens to check them .

dann werden sie bemerken , dass es eine veränderung gegeben hat .
you will notice that a change has taken place .
and then you &apos;ll notice that it &apos;s given a change .
then you &apos;ll notice that there was a change .

also , es ist auch immer interessant zu wissen als designer .
so it &apos;s always interesting to know as a designer .
so , it &apos;s always interesting to know as designers .
so , it &apos;s always interesting to know as designers .

und weniger usable oder benutzungsfreundlich ist es .
and then it &apos;s less usable or user friendly .
and less than usage or user is it .
and less usable or usable is it .

also die occupythesec-bewegung hat es getan .
so that &apos;s occupythesec movement has done .
so the occupy movement has done it .
so this is the aside pyco-movement movement that &apos;s done .

ich nehme diese hand weg . und hier ist das messer .
i take this hand away . you give the knife out .
i take this hand . and here &apos;s the knife .
i take this hand . and here &apos;s the knife .

da da wird &apos; s schon eher zu meiner brille .
here here it &apos;s more likely to turn into my glasses .
there &apos;s something more likely to be my glasses .
there it &apos;s going to be more like my glasses .

wir hatten keine worte für das , was wir dort fingen .
and what we caught , we didn &apos;t have words for it .
we didn &apos;t have words for what we started there .
we didn &apos;t have words for what we started there .

also wenn klaus sagt , es gibt keine seele .
secondly , if he &apos;s right , then he doesn &apos;t have a soul .
so when clones say , there &apos;s no soul .
so if sound says , there &apos;s no soul .

es war der fehlgeleitete kreuzzug gegen drogen .
it was this misguided war on drugs .
it was the missing cruise against drugs .
it was the error line against drugs .

anwalt : ich bin eine anwaltsmarke .
i &apos;m a lawyer brand .
anwalt : i &apos;m a lawyer .
lawyer : i &apos;m a lawyer .

tatsächlich basiert die fortschrittsgesellschaft auf energiefortschritten .
really advanced civilization is based on advances in energy .
in fact , the progressing society is progressing energy .
in fact , the progress society is based on energy progress .

wir werden es in der eröffnungssequenz des films zeigen .
we &apos;ll be using it in the opening of the film .
we &apos;re going to show it in the opening sequence of the film .
we &apos;re going to show it in the opening sequence of the film .

bruno giussani : vielen dank . danke .
bruno giussani : thank you . thanks .
bruno giussani : thank you . thank you .
bruno giusi : thank you very much . thank you .

ich möchte nur kurz etwas über salatdressing sagen .
i want to say just a word about salad dressing .
i just want to say a little bit about salt rescue .
i just want to say a little bit about salatreshold .

dies sind die arten von fragen denen wir begegnen werden müssen .
these are the kinds of questions that we will have to face .
these are the kinds of questions we need to be faced .
these are the kinds of questions we need to meet .

ich meine , fragen wir uns : warum bekämpfen wir das ?
i mean , let &apos;s ask ourselves : why are we fighting it ?
i mean , we wonder : why are we fighting ?
i mean , we ask : why are we fighting this ?

2010 hatten wir so gerade unter zwei milliarden menschen online miteinander verbunden .
in 2010 , we had just short of two billion people online , connected .
in 2010 , we had just connected under two billion people online in 2010 .
in 2010 , we had just connected to two billion people online .

nun , wohin sollen wir gehen : was ist der richtige ansatz ?
now , how we &apos;re going to go forward on this -- what &apos;s the right approach ?
now , where should we go : what &apos;s the right approach ?
now , where should we go : what is the right approach ?

diesen trick können sie ihren freunden und nachbarn vorführen . danke .
there is a trick you can do for your friends and neighbors . thanks .
they can lead their friends and neighbors . thank you .
this trick you can do your friends and neighbors . thank you .

die können sie wegschmeißen , wo sie gehen und stehen .
you can throw it anywhere you want .
they can shrink them , where they go and stand .
they can throw away away where they go and stand .

es gibt hierfür den ein direktes rücknamesystem .
there &apos;s the a direct returning system for this .
there &apos;s a direct feedback system for this .
there &apos;s a direct reform of namesynaming system .

ich wusste , dass sie gekommen war , um sich zu verabschieden .
i knew she had come to say goodbye .
i knew she had come to give her a point .
i knew she was born to give up .

die worte , so lange seine freunde , spotteten nun seiner .
words , for so long his friends , now mocked him .
the words , as long as his friends , spoken his own .
the words , so long his friends , spoken his friends now .

er ist ganz glücklich darüber , weil er sie getäuscht hat .
he &apos;ll be very happy because he &apos;s deceived you .
he &apos;s very happy about it because he deceived it .
he &apos;s very happy about it , because he &apos;s given her .

<unk> sehe ich so aus als könnte ich gerade einen song aufschreiben ?
&quot; do i look like i can write down a song right now ?
do i look as though i could write a song ?
so , i look like i could just write a song ?

wir fanden das im hinblick auf das glück des erlebenden selbst .
we found that with respect to the happiness of the experiencing self .
we found that in terms of happiness itself .
we found this in the view of happiness itself .

autofarben , außenfarbe des autos -- ich habe 56 möglichkeiten .
car colors , exterior car colors -- i &apos;ve got 56 choices .
autocolors , outside of the cars -- i have 56 possibilities .
autocolors , foreign color of cars -- i have 56 options .

innovation , kreativität , und entwicklung kommen nicht nur aus unseren köpfen .
innovation , creativity , development comes not from the ideas in our mind alone .
innovation , creativity , and development don &apos;t just come out of our heads .
innovation , creativity , and development is not just from our heads .

lassen sie uns schnell zum moma springen , wieder in new york .
so now let &apos;s just quickly jump into the moma , again in new york .
let &apos;s jump to the moma , again in new york .
let &apos;s jump quickly to moma , again in new york .

sprecher 6 : gesellschaftlicher verfall . sprecher 7 : 65 tote .
societal decay . 65 dead .
six : a social decline . speaker : 65 deaths .
six : social incidence . speaker 7 : 65 deaths .

das hat eigentlich erst zweitausend acht wirklich form angenommen , diese diese netzwerke .
these these networks didn &apos;t really take form until two thousand eight .
this actually took two thousand really long shape , this networks .
it &apos;s actually only about two thousand really forms , these networks .

ein paar . wahrscheinlich etwa so viele wie es kreative leute hier gibt .
a few . probably about as many as there are creative people here .
a few . probably about as many creative people there are .
a few . probably as many as there are creative people here .

nun , die beiden arten des selbst werfen zwei begriffe vom glück auf .
now , the two selves bring up two notions of happiness .
well , the two species of self are pulling two terms of happiness .
well , the two types of self throw two terms from happiness .

in vielen gegenden mussten menschen angst vor lynchmobs haben ,
in many communities , people had to worry about being lynched .
in many areas , people had to be scared of lynb .
in many ways , people had to fear of lynmobs .

das ist jetzt sogar live im internet . sie können es nachprüfen .
this is actually live on the web now ; you can go check it out .
this is actually live in the internet . you can test it .
this is actually live in the internet . they can test it .

wenn wir also etwas mit den städten machen , ist das eine große sache .
so if we &apos;re able to do something with cities , that &apos;s a big deal .
so if we do something to the cities , that &apos;s a big deal .
so if we do something with the cities , that &apos;s a big thing .

eine heißt &quot; jazz &quot; und die andere heißt &quot; swing &quot; .
one is called &quot; jazz &quot; and the other one is called &quot; swing . &quot;
one is called jazz , and the other is called &quot; sassination . &quot;
one is called &quot; jazz , &quot; and the other is called &quot; swator . &quot;

der mensch soll vom affen abstammen oder einen gemeinsamen vorfahren haben .
that the human descended from apes and we have a shared ancestor .
the man should have come from the monkeys or a common ancestor .
the man is supposed to have a common ancestry or a common ancestor .

sie haben ihr telefon gemietet . sie haben es nicht gekauft . <unk>
you rented your phone . you didn &apos;t buy it .
they rented their phone . they didn &apos;t buy it .
they rented their phone . they didn &apos;t buy it .

man lernt praktisch zuerst das lesen , bevor man nur ein nur ein wort spricht .
you practically first learn to read before you speak an a word .
you learn the first thing to read before you just speak a word .
you &apos;re actually learning about reading before you &apos;re just talking a word .

ich brauche das nicht sagen , aber impfstoffe sind unentbehrlich .
i don &apos;t need to say this , but vaccines are essential .
i don &apos;t need to say that , but vaccines are undisappointed .
i don &apos;t need that , but vaccines are undisappointed .

okay . jeder der bereit ist , gary &apos; s angebot anzunehmen .
okay . anybody who &apos;s ready to take him up on his offer .
okay . everyone who &apos;s ready to take gary &apos;s offer .
okay . everybody &apos;s ready to take gary comments .

dieses bild ist aber in wirklichkeit komplett zusammengesetzt , aus fotos von verschiedenen orten .
but this image is actually entirely composed of photographs from different locations .
but this picture is really completely intersected , from photos of different places .
but this picture is actually completely put together from photographs of different places .

jetzt gibt es 10.000 parodien von &quot; friday &quot; bei youtube .
and now there are 10,000 parodies of &quot; friday &quot; on youtube .
now there are 10,000 parodians of &quot; friday at youtube . &quot;
now there are 10,000 parodians from &quot; friday &quot; on youtube .

und ich sage den leuten immer dass ich nicht wie ein wissenschaftler daher kommen will .
and i always tell people that i don &apos;t want to show up looking like a scientist .
and i always say to the people that i don &apos;t want to come like a scientist .
and i always tell people that i don &apos;t want to get a scientist .

diese zentrifugen in iran sind aufgeteilt in 15 sogenannte ebenen .
these centrifuges in iran are subdivided into 15 , what is called , stages .
these centrifurians in iran are shared in 15 levels .
these centuries in iran are divided in 15 india .

enden sind sehr , sehr wichtig und in diesem fall dominierte das ende .
endings are very , very important and , in this case , the ending dominated .
end is very , very important , and in this case , the end is the end .
it &apos;s very , very important , and in this case , dominated the end .

sie könnten versuchen die kapazität der bereits existierende wohnungen zu erweitern .
you could try and expand the capacity by doing additions on all the existing apartments .
you could try to expand the capacity of the existing apartments .
you could try to expand the capacity of existing existing existing housing .

dort sind effekte , die man live verändern kann , wie z.b. hall und filter .
there are effects that you can control live , like reverb and filter .
there are effects that you can change live live , like hall and filters .
there are effects that you can change live , like hall and filter .

und , anstatt sich einfach nur in informationen zu bewegen , können wir wissen daraus bekommen .
and , instead of dealing just with information , we can tease out knowledge .
and instead of just moving in information , we can get knowledge out of it .
and , instead of just moving into information , we can get out of it .

nun in der praxis werden menschen nicht auf ihre chromosome getestet .
now in practice they don &apos;t actually test people for their chromosomes .
now in practice , people are not tested to their chromosomes .
now in practice , people are not tested on their chromosomes .

aber nachdenken auf eine art und weise , die in unser eigenes leben integriert ist .
but thinking about them in a way that is integrated in our own lives .
but thinking in a way that is integrated in our own lives .
but thinking in a way that &apos;s integrated in our own life .

nun kann ich alle ihre fragen beantworten und ihnen eine ausfühliche fassung geben .
so now i can answer any of your questions and give you the five-cent tour .
now , i can answer all of your questions and give you a sense of light .
now , i can all answer your questions and give you an extent .

ich würde meinen arm säubern und ihnen zeigen , dass da keine wunden sind .
i would clean off my arm , and i would show you that there are no wounds .
i would show my arm and show you that there are no wounds .
i would show you my arm and show you that there are no rebels .

und diese beiden welten knallen gerade aufeinander , neues und altes denken .
and these two worlds , the old and the new ways of thinking , are clashing with each other at the moment .
and these two worlds were just moving up each other , thinking new and old thinking .
and these two worlds just come up with each other , new and alert thinking .

der könig von siam jedoch bekam aluminium-besteck .
but the king of siam , he was fed with aluminum utensils .
but the king of sialuminum brick .
but the king of sidewalk got aluminum steam .

man studiert die werke , die er vorher und nachher komponiert hat .
you study works that have been composed before or after .
you study the works that he &apos;s composed before and he &apos;s composed .
you study the works that he &apos;s composed before and afterwards .

wir erzählten ihr geschichten und versicherten ihr , dass wir noch bei ihr waren .
we told her stories and assured her that we were still with her .
we told their stories and make sure we were still there .
we told her stories and ensure that we were still in her .

und jetzt verbinde ich den filter noch mit dem bass ; für etwas mehr ausdruck .
and now i &apos;ll attach the filter to the bass for some more expression .
and now i &apos;m going to make the filter with the bass , something more expression .
and now i &apos;m going to do the filter with the bass ; for some more expression .

sie ist nahe der mündung des flusses guadalquivir .
it &apos;s at the tip of the guadalquivir river .
she &apos;s close to the river of the river guitar alr .
it &apos;s close to the waste of the flusalavian .

oder vielleicht sind sie einer von denen die sich schon immer nach mehr kreativität sehnten .
or perhaps you &apos;re one of those who &apos;s always yearned for more creativity .
or maybe you &apos;re one of those who are always looking for more creativity .
or maybe you &apos;re one of the ones that &apos;s always been looking for more creativity .

im wesentlichen kam der grund des meeres auf deck und wurde dann zurückgeworfen .
essentially the bottom of the sea came onto the deck and then was thrown down .
and basically , the seawater came back and then was thrown back .
basically , the reason that the ocean came back to deck , and then was thrown back .

unserer stimmbänder zu zum singen , unserer hände und füße zum tanzen .
we use our vocal chords to to sing , and our hands and feet to dance .
our vocal corners of singing our hands , our hands and feet to dance .
our bears to sing the hands , our hands and feet to dance .

sie reden darüber , sie überlegen , wie es aussehen wird , sie rangeln um macht ,
they talk about it , they figure out what it &apos;s going to look like , they jockey for power .
they &apos;re talking about how it &apos;s going to look like it &apos;s going to be done .
they &apos;re talking about how it &apos;s going to look like it &apos;s going to look at power .

als sie in 100 arten kamen , verdammt , eine von ihnen hätte perfekt sein sollen ,
when they came in 100 flavors , damn it , one of them should &apos;ve been perfect .
when they arrived in 100 species , a one of them should have been perfect .
when they came to 100 species , damn , one of them should have been perfect .

oder das , was ich mir heute vorstell , weil was sie sich gedacht haben könnten .
or anything that i imagine because they might have thought .
or what i &apos;m going to do today , because what you might have imagined .
or what i &apos;m thinking about today , because what you might have thought .

dies ist ein projekt mit dem namen photosynth , das wirklich zwei verschiedene technologien miteinander verbindet .
this is a project called photosynth , which really marries two different technologies .
this is a project called photosynth , which is really connecting two different technologies together .
this is a project called photosynth , which really connects two different technologies .

sind sie etwas , das ein wenig ruhiger , reservierter , konservativer ist ?
are you something that &apos;s a little more calm , reserved , conservative ?
are you something that &apos;s a little more quiet , reservational , conservative ?
are you something that &apos;s a little quiet , reservative , conservatives ?

sie verstehen nicht , dass diese dinge gleich zu sein scheinen , aber fast nie das selbe sind .
they don &apos;t understand that these things seem the same , but they &apos;re almost never the same .
they don &apos;t understand that these things seem to be the same , but almost never the same thing .
they don &apos;t understand that these things seem to be the same , but almost never the same .

da antworte ich , aber sicher können sie doch sagen , ob es ihnen gefällt oder nicht .
then my answer is , but i &apos;m sure you can say whether you like it or not .
and i said , but sure you can tell if it doesn &apos;t like you or don &apos;t like it .
and i said , but i &apos;m sure you can tell if you like it or not .

als jeder von ihnen in diesem raum geboren wurde , wurden auf der erde 6000 sprachen gesprochen .
when each of you in this room were born , there were 6,000 languages spoken on the planet .
when each of you were born in this room , on earth were talked about 6,000 languages .
as every one of you was born in this room , on earth 6,000 languages were talked about .

in diesem fall müssen wir aber vollgas geben und ein wunder in sehr kurzer zeit bekommen .
this is a case where we actually have to drive at full speed and get a miracle in a pretty tight timeline .
but in this case , we need to be full of gas , and a miracle in very short time .
but in this case , we need to be able to give natural gas and get a miracle in very short time .

es ist sicher sinnvoll , weniger schädlich zu sein , was ölverbrauch angeht .
it certainly makes sense to cause less damage when it comes to the use of oil .
it &apos;s safe to be less harmful to be what oil consumption goes on .
it &apos;s safe to be less intimidating , which is oil use .

und wenn es wahr ist , dann müssen wir verhindern , dass die menschen kenntnis davon erlangen .
and if it is , we should prevent people from finding out about it .
and if it &apos;s true , we need to prevent the people from that long run .
and if it &apos;s true , then we need to prevent the people of this .

ich spreche eher über eine plattform für menschen , sich selbst zu helfen und um anderen zu helfen .
i &apos;m just talking about a platform for people to help themselves and to help others .
i &apos;m more talking about a platform for people to help themselves and to help others .
i &apos;m more likely to talk about a platform for people to help themselves and help others .

es ist warm , es dunkel ist , ist es feucht , es ist sehr gemütlich .
it &apos;s warm , it &apos;s dark , it &apos;s moist , it &apos;s very cozy .
it &apos;s warm , it &apos;s dark , it &apos;s fire , it &apos;s very vegetable .
it &apos;s warm , it &apos;s dark , it &apos;s fire , it &apos;s very vegetable .

das heißt , unsere ganze intelligenz bedeutet , dass wir dümmer als bäume sein wollen , ja ?
that means our entire intelligence amounts to us wanting to be more stupid than trees , you see ?
that means our whole intelligence means that we want to be as a trees , yes ?
that means our whole intelligence means that we want to be as a trees , yes ?

manchmal , wenn ich zeit mit ihr verbringen wollte , war es schwer , ihre aufmerksamkeit zu erlangen .
and sometimes when i would go and spend time with her , it would be difficult to get her time and attention .
sometimes , if i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her attention to her .
sometimes when i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her attention .

als er mich sah , kam er zu mir herüber und sagte : » wer sind sie ? «
when this man saw me , he came over to me and he said , &quot; who are you ? &quot;
when he saw me , he came to me and said , &quot; who are you ? &quot;
when he looked at me , he came to me and said , &quot; who are you ? &quot;

ich möchte nun darüber reden was das sein könnte , dieser übergang in dem wir uns momentan befinden .
so what i would like to talk about is what that could be , what that transition could be that we &apos;re going through .
now , i want to talk about what this might be , this transition in which we &apos;re right now .
now , i want to talk about what this might be , this transition in which we &apos;re right now .

die grauen boxen , die sie hier sehen , das sind echtzeit-kontrollsysteme .
the gray boxes that you see , these are real-time control systems .
the gray boxes you see here are real-time control systems .
the crux boxes that you see here are real control systems .

denn der übergang scheint sehr , sehr verwirrend zu sein , wenn man sich mitten drin befindet .
because the transition seems very , very confusing when we &apos;re right in the middle of it .
because the transition seems very , very confusing to be very confusing when you &apos;re in the middle of it .
because the transition seems to be very , very confused when you &apos;re in the middle .

und dies ist es , was uns darauf brachte über das folgende projekt nachzudenken , das ich ihnen jetzt zeige .
and this is what led us to think about the following project i &apos;ll show you now .
and this is what brought us to think about the project that i &apos;m going to show you now .
and this is what made us think about the following project that i &apos;m going to show you now .

mehr als alles , alles andere , ist mein einziges ziel im leben , ein guter vater zu sein .
above all , above all , the only goal i have in life is to be a good dad .
more than anything , everything else is my only goal in life , a good father .
more than everything , everything else , my only goal in life is to be a good father .

und ich habe einige dinge festgestellt , die epische siege in online-welten so möglich machen .
and i started to notice a few things that make epic wins so possible in online worlds .
and i &apos;ve put some things that make the episode in online worlds so possible .
and i found some things that make the episode in online worlds so possible .

sie wurde um 1880 geboren und die erfahrung der sklaverei formte ihr weltbild sehr stark .
she was born in the 1880 &apos;s and the experience of slavery very much shaped the way she saw the world .
she was born in 1880 , and the experience of slavery was shaped by her world .
she was born in 1880 , and the experience of slavery was very strong in the world .

hier können , denke ich , die kunst und der film vielleicht die lücke füllen , sowie simulationen .
there i think that the arts and film can perhaps fill the gap , and simulation .
here , i think , the art and the film might fill the gap , and simulations .
here , i think , the art and the film may be able to fill the gap , and simulations .

klimaskeptiker : haben sie ein oder zwei sätze für die , um sie vielleicht zu überzeugen ?
climate skeptics : if you had a sentence or two to say to them , how might you persuade them that they &apos;re wrong ?
click : do you have one or two sentences to convince you ?
climate change mask : do you have one or two sentences for you to convince them ?

und sie können das leiden tibets nicht verstehen , wenn sie es nicht auf unterster ebene erlebt haben .
and you cannot understand the pain of tibet until you move through it at the ground level .
and you can &apos;t understand the suffering , if you haven &apos;t experienced it at the bottom level .
and you can &apos;t understand the suffering if you haven &apos;t seen it on the bottom level .

das hier ist wirklich mein fleisch . es ist nicht damians spezielles gezüchtetes fleisch .
this is really my flesh . this is not damian &apos;s special-grown flesh .
this is really my meat . it &apos;s not specialistic meat .
this is really my meat . it &apos;s not steians specialized meat .

das einzige , was ich getan habe , ist die reihenfolge zu verändert in der diese information präsentiert wird .
the only thing that i have done is i have varied the order in which that information is presented .
the only thing that i &apos;ve done is to change the order of rice in that information .
the only thing i did is to change the sequence of this information .

am ende eines jeden tags kochte ich einen riesigen topf suppe , den wir uns teilten .
at the end of each day , i made a huge pot of soup which we all shared .
at the end of every day , i would cook a huge sufi soup that we shared .
at the end of one day , i cook a huge topic soup that we shared .

und das nächste puzzlestück handelt von vier frauen in drei generationen , die sich zusammen ein neues leben aufbauen .
and the next piece of the jigsaw is about four women across three generations shaping a new life together .
and the next piece of puzzle is four women in three generations who build a new life together .
and the next puzzle is about four women in three generations that build together a new life .

das hört sich sehr spacig an und hört sich sehr nach science-fiction an , ich weiß .
we had the age of feudalism , we have had the machine age and we are now stepping into the so-called cyber age .
it sounds very space-time , and it sounds like science fiction , i know .
that sounds very space-time , and it sounds very much for science fiction , i know .

denn die lektion , die ich selber diese woche versuche zu lernen ist , dass es okay ist , los zu lassen .
because the lesson i &apos;m trying to learn myself this week is that it &apos;s okay to let go .
because the lesson that i &apos;m trying to learn about this week is that it &apos;s okay to let go .
because the lesson that i &apos;m going to learn to learn this week is that it &apos;s okay to let go .

verwenden wir diese entscheidungen eine gesellschaft zu formen , die besser ist , die erfolgreicher ist , die freundlicher ist ?
will we use these choices to make a society that is better , that is more successful , that is kinder ?
are we using these decisions to form a society that is better , the successful is friendly ?
do we use these decisions to form a society that &apos;s better , the successful is , the friendly ?

und auch die haben -- obwohl es toll ist , dass sie keinen brennstoff brauchen -- sie haben einige nachteile .
and they actually -- although it &apos;s great they don &apos;t require fuel -- they have some disadvantages .
and they also have -- even though it &apos;s great that they don &apos;t need any fuel -- they have some neighbors .
and also the ones -- although it &apos;s great that they don &apos;t need a fuel -- they have some parts .

also haben wir das erinnernde selbst und das erlebende selbst , und sie sind wirklich ziemlich verschieden .
so we have the remembering self and the experiencing self , and they &apos;re really quite distinct .
so we have the memory itself , and the life itself , and they &apos;re really quite different .
so we have the memory itself and the life of life itself , and they &apos;re really quite different .

sicherlich würde ich ja niemals eine außerirdische welt mit einem raumschiff erreichen . das schien mir ziemlich unwahrscheinlich .
i might not really go to an alien world on a spaceship someday -- that seemed pretty darn unlikely .
certainly , i would never reach an alien world with a spaceship . it seemed pretty unlikely to me .
certainly i would never do an alien world with a spaceship , which seemed pretty unlikely to me .

echinacea , ein kleines antioxidantium , das ihnen auf die sprünge hilft .
echinacea , a little antioxidant to get you going .
eaceacea , a little antioxidancer , which helps you to help .
china eaceacean , a little antioxitium that helps you to help you on the leap .

sie haben die demografie der erde auf eine weise neu geformt , wie es kein krieg je geschafft hat .
it reshaped the demography of the globe in a way that no war ever has .
they have reformed the demographics of the earth in a way that no war has ever done .
they &apos;ve reformed the demographics of the earth in a way that no war has ever done .

die idee ist also , dass wir tatsächlich die menschen mit einbeziehen , in dem sie dinge zusammen , kollektiv tun .
so the idea that we can actually involve people in doing this thing together , collectively .
so the idea is that , in fact , we &apos;re actually putting people into the kind of things that they &apos;re doing together , collective .
so the idea is that we actually include people with things that they do together , collective .

fanden sie einen artikel mit falschem gedankengut , konnten sie den urheber dieser gedanken aufspüren .
if they found a paper which had the wrong kind of thought , they could track down who created that thought .
they found a piece of false papers , and they could detect the creator of this thought .
they found an article with false , they could feel the copyright of this thought .

und wir erweisen unseren kindern keinen gefallen , wenn wir ihnen das gefühl geben , dass sie sich nicht anpassen können .
and we do a disservice to our kids when we make them feel that they &apos;re not equipped to adapt .
and we don &apos;t like our kids , if we give them the feeling that they can &apos;t adapt .
and we don &apos;t like our kids , if we give them the feeling that they can &apos;t fit .

wir sind hier auf dieser linie , in einem übergang von der bisherigen welt zu einer neuen art von welt .
we &apos;re sort of on this line in a transition from the way the world used to be to some new way that the world is .
we &apos;re here on this line , in a tight transition from the world to a new kind of world .
we &apos;re here on this line , in a transition from the world to a new kind of world .

aber nicht nur irgendeine mission , sondern eine mission , die perfekt zu ihrem aktuellen level im spiel passt , richtig ?
but not just any mission , it &apos;s a mission that is perfectly matched with your current level in the game . right ?
but not just any mission , but a mission that fit perfectly to your perfect level in the game , right ?
but not just any mission , but a mission to fit perfectly on your current level in the game , right ?

wenn wir inder damals reisen wollten , sprangen wir in einen wagen und schwirrten über den himmel .
so back in the day , when us indians wanted to travel we &apos;d jump into a chariot and we &apos;d zoom across the sky .
if we wanted to travel inflated at the time , we jumped in a car and swirl over the sky .
when we wanted to travel at the time , we jumped into a car , and we flipped over the sky .

wenn ich das einmal gesehen habe , dass das dass da ein dalmatiner drin ist , dann wissen sie das .
once you &apos;ve seen that that that you can see a dalmatian in this , you know it .
once i saw this , that there &apos;s a dmaink in there , you know that .
if i saw that this , that there &apos;s a dalmaid in there , you know that .

er sprach über unsichtbare dämonen und rauch und darüber , wie ihn jemand im schlaf vergiften wollte .
and he was talking about invisible demons and smoke , and how someone was poisoning him in his sleep .
he was talking about invisible montants and smoking and about how someone in the bedroom wanted to get them .
he was talking about invisible monkeys and rings and about how somebody wanted him to sleep in sleep .

wäre ich in wirklichkeit ein egoist gewesen , dann hätte ich sie auf ein virus geschrieben und in den raum freigegeben .
if i had really been a egotist , i would have put it into a virus and released it in the room .
if i were a selfish , i would have written it on a virus and released it in the room .
i would have been in fact a gogue , then i would have written it on a virus and released it in the room .

unser organismus hat eine großartige methode erfunden , um solche unangenehmen gefühle wie neid einfach zum verschwinden zu bringen .
our organism has come up with an excellent method to make unpleasant feelings like envy simply disappear .
our organism has invented a great way to make such unpleasant emotions feel how easy to disappear .
our organism has invented a great way to get these ungenetic feelings like neither just to disappear .

denn tastemaker wie jimmy kimmel stellen uns neue und interessante dinge vor und zeigen sie einem großen publikum .
because tastemakers like jimmy kimmel introduce us to new and interesting things and bring them to a larger audience .
because tastephanies like jimmy kimboreen are giving us interesting and interesting things and showing you a big audience .
because tasteam like jimmy kimmula , imagine us new things and interesting things , and show you a big audience .

wohin sie auch gehen , hunderttausende von leuten , die mit ihnen zusammenarbeiten , um ihre epische mission abzuschließen .
everywhere you go , hundreds of thousands of people ready to work with you to achieve your epic mission .
where they go , hundreds of thousands of people who work with them to close their episode .
where they go , hundreds of thousands of people working together with them to close their episode mission .

sie bauten diese komplizierte folge von kanälen , und sie drängten wasser aus dem land heraus und hinaus in den fluss .
they built this intricate series of canals , and they pushed water off the land and out into the river .
they built this complicated sequence of channels , and they urged water out of the country and out into the river .
they built this complicated sequence of channel , and they put water out of the country and out of the river .

was ist leben ? es ist etwas , wovon ich glaube , dass viele biologen versucht haben zu verstehen und das auf unterschiedlichen ebenen .
&quot; what is life ? &quot; is something that i think many biologists have been trying to understand at various levels .
what is life ? it &apos;s something that i think many biologists have tried to understand and understand that on different levels .
what is life ? it &apos;s something that i think many biologists have tried to understand and to understand that in different levels .

er wurde von innen erhellt und von unten erhellt und alles erhellte sich durch ein göttliches feuer .
he would be lit from within , and lit from below and all lit up on fire with divinity .
it was erased by inside and light down , and everything was detected by a divine fire .
he was tortured by the inside of the bottom , and everything was filled with a divine fire .

denn ich glaube nicht , es sagt jemand , ich weiß nicht , ob &apos; s mir schmeckt , weil ich nicht kochen kann .
because i don &apos;t think anyone will say , i don &apos;t know whether i like the taste , because i can &apos;t cook .
because i don &apos;t think anybody says i don &apos;t know if i taste it , because i can &apos;t cook .
because i don &apos;t think somebody says i don &apos;t know if i &apos;m going to taste , because i can &apos;t cook .

es gäbe die möglichkeit in einer stadt zu leben , die in honduras wäre , anstatt hunderte von kilometern entfernt im norden .
there would be a choice of a city which you could go to which could be in honduras , instead of hundreds of miles away in the north .
it would be the opportunity to live in a city that would be in honduras rather than hundreds of kilometers away in the north .
there would be a way to live in a city that would be in honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away from north .

und ja , ich habe sogar das haus oben auf der insel rot umgefärbt , um es schwedischer aussehen zu lassen .
and yeah , i even turned the house on top of the island red to make it look more swedish .
and yes , i actually put the house up on the island of red vessels to let it look like swedish .
and yes , i actually put the house up on the island of the island in red to let it look like swedish .

ein plan , amerika zurück zur arbeit zu bringen , uns sicherer zu machen und zu helfen , die globale erwärmung zu stoppen .
a plan to put america back to work , make us more secure , and help stop global warming .
a plan to bring america back to work , to help us make sure and help stop the global warming .
a plan to bring america back to work , help us make sure and help stop global warming .

eine milliarde -- das ist mehr als je zuvor -- aufgrund krasser ungleichheiten in der verteilung , nicht der gesamtproduktion .
one billion -- that &apos;s more than ever before -- because of gross inequalities in distribution , not tonnage .
one billion -- that &apos;s more than ever before -- because of crashing inequality in distribution , not the total production of production .
one billion -- that &apos;s more than ever before -- because of krashes in the distribution of distribution , not the total production .

sie wurde ein goldener zugang zu einer welt voller piraten und verunglückter schiffe und zu bildern in meiner vorstellung .
it became a gilded gateway into a world full of pirates and shipwrecks and images in my imagination .
it became a golden access to a world full of pirates and unfortunate ships and images in my mind .
she became a goldener access to a world full of ears and unfortunate ships and images in my imagination .

mein heimatstaat alabama entzieht ihnen dauerhaft das wahlrecht , wenn sie strafrechtlich verurteilt werden .
my state of alabama , like a number of states , actually permanently disenfranchises you if you have a criminal conviction .
my homegrown state of abalabama gives you the dumb voting when you &apos;re convicted punishment .
my home state alabled you to the voting right when you &apos;re empowered .

und die krankenschwester dachte darüber nach und sagte in faktischer art , &quot; klar , ich denke es wird ihr gut gehen . &quot;
and the nurse thought about it and said very matter-of-factly , &quot; yeah , i think she &apos;ll do okay . &quot;
and the nurse thought about it and said , &quot; yeah , i think you &apos;re going to go well . &quot;
and the nurse thought about it , and she said , &quot; yeah , i think it &apos;s going to be good . &quot;

und so ist das bilanzergebnis , dass es uns generell besser geht , objektiv , und wir uns schlechter fühlen .
and so the net result is that we do better in general , objectively , and we feel worse .
and so the image of the visual is that it &apos;s going to make us more general , objective , and we feel worse .
and so the billboard is that it &apos;s going to be generous , objective , objective , and we feel worse .

da gab es eine energie , einen unerbittlichen optimismus , eine seltsame mixtur der demut und des wagnisses .
there was an energy there , an implacable optimism , a strange mixture of humility and daring .
there was a energy , there was an intangible optimism , a strange mixture of the courage and the wash .
there was a energy , an unbelievable optimism , a strange mixture of humility and the guilt .

während der pause kam ein polizeibeamter herein , den es störte , dass der hausmeister im gerichtssaal war .
and during the break there was a deputy sheriff who was offended that the janitor had come into court .
and during the break , a police officer came in , a distant sense that the household was in the court .
during the break , a police officer came out of a dish that was the mayor in the court .

das macht jeder von ihnen die ganze zeit , aber er macht &apos; s unbewusst und ja quasi intuitiv oder teilweise auch instinktiv .
every one of you is doing this the whole time , but you &apos;re doing it unconsciously and , well , pretty intuitively and also instinctively in part .
that everybody &apos;s doing all the time , but he &apos;s making it unconsciously unconsciously and , in part , instinctively , instinctively .
that &apos;s what everybody &apos;s doing all the time , but he does it unconsciously unconscious and sort of intuitively intuitive or instinctively instinctive .

das sogenannte dauereis , fünf jahre alt oder älter , ist beinahe wie blut , welches aus dem körper hier herausfliesst .
the so-called permanent ice , five years old or older , you can see is almost like blood , spilling out of the body here .
the so-called duration , five years old , or older , is almost like blood , which is made out of the body .
the so-called ice ice ice , five years old or older , is almost like blood , which is out of the body here .

und uns fiel auch auf , dass sie sehr professionell konstruiert waren , von leuten , die offensichtlich alle insider- informationen zur verfügung hatten .
and we also saw that they are very professionally engineered by people who obviously had all insider information .
and we also noticed that they were very professionally constructed by people who clearly had all kinds of insights to information .
and we also noticed that they were very professional constructs , from people who had obviously all the insight -- had access to information .

es macht großen spaß , auf diese weise musik zu machen , und sie als das publikum haben dann erlebt , wie die musik lebendig kommuniziert .
it &apos;s great fun to make music in this way , and you as the audience experienced how music communicates in a lively way .
it &apos;s a lot of fun to make music in this way , and they experienced as the audience then experienced the music , how the music communicates life .
it &apos;s much fun to make music in this way , and you &apos;ve experienced as the audience , how music communicates music .

ich sagte : » ich bin anwalt . « er sagte : » sie sind anwalt ? « ich sagte : » ja . «
i said , &quot; i &apos;m a lawyer . &quot; he said , &quot; you &apos;re a lawyer ? &quot; i said , &quot; yes , sir . &quot;
i said , &quot; i &apos;m a lawyer . &quot; he said , &quot; are you lawyer ? &quot; i said , &quot; yes . &quot;
i said , &quot; i &apos;m a lawyer . &quot; he said , &quot; you &apos;re lawyer ? &quot; i said , &quot; yes . &quot;

also haben wir uns für das nächste weltrettende spiel ein größeres , höheres ziel gesteckt als nur ölknappheit .
so , for the next world-saving game , we decided to aim higher : bigger problem than just peak oil .
so we have a broader game for the next world &apos;s game , a greater goal , higher goal than just oil spills .
so we &apos;ve got to play for the next space game , a bigger , higher goal than just oil spill .

den aufruf an spieler , sich anzumelden , haben wir fast wie einen &quot; jerry-bruckheimer &quot; -film gestaltet .
we asked people to come online almost like a jerry bruckheimer movie .
the call to the player , to melting the one , we almost have created a jerry-breeding film .
the phone call to the player , we &apos;ve created almost like a &quot; jerk hot hot hot hot &quot; film .

mein kreis begann damals in den 60ern an der high school in stow , ohio , wo ich die klassenschwuchtel war .
my circle began back in the &apos; 60s in high school in stow , ohio where i was the class queer .
my circle started in the &apos; 60s high school in stocks , ohio , where i was the classroom .
my circle started in the &apos; 60s at high school in stolw , ohio , where i was the classrooms .

deshalb muss man , wenn man von diesen quellen abhängig ist , einen weg haben , die energie auch in zeiten wenn sie nicht verfügbar ist , zu bekommen .
and so , if you depend on these sources , you have to have some way of getting the energy during those time periods that it &apos;s not available .
so , if you &apos;re dependent on these sources , you have a way to get energy in times when you &apos;re not available .
that &apos;s why you have to be dependent on these sources , have a way to get energy in times when it &apos;s not available .

und laut charles kenny ist die alphabetisierungsquote in den vergangenen 130 jahren von 25 % auf 80 % gestiegen .
and charles kenny that global literacy has gone from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years .
and charles kenny is the alphabet of literacy in the last 30 years from 125 percent up to 80 percent .
and charles kenny is the alphabetical government in the last 130 years from 25 percent to 80 percent .

die reichsten kapitalisten des letzten jahrhunderts , die imperatoren der erde , hätten sich niemals solche luxusgüter erträumen können .
the wealthiest robber barons of the last century , the emperors on this planet , could have never dreamed of such luxuries .
the richest capitalists in the last century , the imperators of the earth , could never have dreamed of these luxury goods .
the richest chapters of the last century , the imperative attributes of the earth would never have such a luxury of luxury .

i denke , das interessanteste ergebnis , das wir in der gallup umfrage gefunden haben ist eine zahl , die wir absolut nicht zu finden erwartet hatten .
i think the most interesting result that we found in the gallup survey is a number , which we absolutely did not expect to find .
i think the most interesting thing that we found in the gallup survey is a number that we didn &apos;t expect to expect .
i think the most interesting result that we found in the gallup question is a number that we didn &apos;t expect .

laut herodotus wurde nach 18 jahren die hungersnot nicht besser . also beschloss der könig , ein letztes würfelspiel anzusetzen .
according to herodotus , after 18 years the famine wasn &apos;t getting better , so the king decided they would play one final dice game .
herodous , after 18 years , the famine was not getting better , so the king decided to put a cubicle behind .
according to herootus , after 18 years , the famine was not better . so the king decided to put a last truck .

das sind die art von gedanken , die jemanden dazu bringen können , um 9 uhr morgens anzufangen , gin zu trinken . und das will ich nicht .
you know that &apos;s the kind of thought that could lead a person to start drinking gin at nine o &apos;clock in the morning , and i don &apos;t want to go there .
these are the kinds of thoughts that can get somebody to drink nine o &apos;clock in the morning , drinking it . and i don &apos;t want it .
these are the kind of thoughts that can get someone to start to drink at 9 o &apos;clock in the morning , and i don &apos;t want to .

ihr habt auch tys kleines evolutionsbeispiel gesehen wo er ein bisschen evolution im &quot; convolution &quot; programm gezeigt hat , direkt vor euren augen .
and you saw ty &apos;s little evolutionary example where he sort of did a little bit of evolution on the convolution program right before your eyes .
you also saw little evolutionary example , where he showed a little evolution in the &quot; congressional &quot; program , right now .
you &apos;ve also seen tone little evolutionary example of evolution where he showed a little bit of evolution in congress in the conviction program , directly in front of your eyes .

es war ein schöner fisch , wohlschmeckend , gute konsistenz , gehaltvoll , ein bestseller auf der speisekarte .
it was a beautiful fish : flavorful , textured , meaty , a bestseller on the menu .
it was a beautiful fish , well-taste , good consideration , full of tweekends , a pollinating on the menu .
it was a beautiful fish , well-being , good configuration , injured , a pollinators on the storage .

und er verbringt 2 wochen von dem gedanken verfolgt das er die möglichkeit verpasst hat , tag über tag , einen tollen parkplatz zu haben .
and he spends two weeks nagged by the idea that he is missing the opportunity , day after day , to have a great parking space .
and he spends two weeks of the thought he had missed the possibility of having a great parking lot .
and he takes two weeks from the thought he &apos;s followed the opportunity to have a day to have a great parking place .

nun , diese oberflächliche geschichte sagt mir nicht , dass wir alle antworten auf die herausforderungen haben , denen wir in den kommenden jahrtausenden gegenüber stehen .
now , that shallow history doesn &apos;t suggest to me that we have all the answers for all of the challenges that will confront us in the ensuing millennia .
now , this flame story doesn &apos;t tell me that we have all the answers to the challenges that we face in the coming years .
now , this sweeping story doesn &apos;t tell me that we all have answers to the challenges that we face in the years .

und so verglich ich was ich bekommen hatte zu dem was ich erwartete , und was ich hatte war enttäuschend in vergleich zu dem was ich erwartete .
and so i compared what i got to what i expected , and what i got was disappointing in comparison to what i expected .
and so i could get what i had to do with what i expected , and what i had had been disappointing in what i expected .
and so i got what i had to get to what i expected , and what i had been disappointed to what i expected .

dazu kommt , dass die ernährungs- , elektrizitäts- transport- und kommunikationskosten sich um ein vielfaches verringert haben .
add to that the cost of food , electricity , transportation , communication have dropped 10 to 1,000-fold .
it &apos;s because the nutrition , electricity , transportation and communication costs are deployed in order to decrease a lot of times .
and that comes to the nutrition , electricity , transportation transportation and communications costs around a lot of favor .

aber die wahrheit ist , dass wir uns verändern . natürlich sind wir von der herausforderung geprägt , egal ob sie physisch , emotional oder sogar beides ist
but , in fact , we are changed . we are marked , of course , by a challenge , whether physically , emotionally or both .
but the truth is that we change ourselves . of course , we are prevented by the challenge of whether it &apos;s physical , emotionally , emotionally or even both of the two .
but the truth is that we &apos;re changing . of course , we &apos;re concerned about the challenge of the challenge , whether it &apos;s physical , or even more emotionally .

anthropolgen haben heraus gefunden , dass wir menschen von den mitgliedern unserer gesellschaft immer eines gefordert haben : nützlich zu sein und einen beitrag zu leisten .
anthropologists tell us that the one thing we as humans have always required of our community members is to be of use , to be able to contribute .
and what they found was that we asked people about the members of our society always to be useful : to be useful and contribution to contribute .
pollinators have found that we used people from the members of our society to be useful : to be useful and contributing to a contribution .

es ist notwendig , seine eigenen erlebnisse und idee der musik zu haben , um es dann über eine weitere möglichkeit , also über ein instrument , zum klingen zu bringen .
it &apos;s necessary to have one &apos;s own experiences and idea of music to then make it resonate through a further possibility , which is an instrument .
it &apos;s necessary to have its own experiences and idea of music , and then to bring it over another way , so to get it to the sound , to the sound .
it &apos;s necessary to have its own experience and the idea of music to get it over another way , so to get a instrument to make sound clear .

und wenn alles gut läuft , und ich bin sehr zuversichtlich , dann wird coca-cola diese technologie global in 206 ländern auf dem ganzen planeten anwenden .
and if that pans out , which i have every confidence it will , coca-cola will deploy this globally to 206 countries around the planet .
and when everything goes well , and i &apos;m very confident , coca-cola is going to apply this global technology to 206 countries around the planet .
and if everything goes well , and i &apos;m very embarrassed , coca-cola will apply this global technology in 206 countries all over the planet .

die letzten bilder die ich ihnen gern zeigen möchte , zeigen einen eisberg , den ich in kekertsuatsiak in grönland photographiert habe .
the last pictures i &apos;d like to show you are of an iceberg that i photographed in qeqetarsuaq , greenland .
the last images i &apos;d like to show you , show a iceberg that i &apos;ve been looking at in keaters in greenland .
the last pictures that i &apos;d like to show you is to show you a iceberg that i put in polar susiak in greenland in greenland .

und keine von diesen anlagen , wir haben jetzt über hundertfünzig gebaut in den letzten zwanzig jahren , keine von diesen anlagen wurde jemals sabotiert .
and none of these plots , and we &apos;ve built over one hundred fifty of them in the last twenty years , none of these plots was every sabotaged .
and none of these facilities , we &apos;ve now built over hundreds of thousands of fifths in the last 20 years , not been done by these crops .
and no one of these things , we &apos;ve now built over hundreds of 20 years in the last 20 years , not from these anesthesia .

sie hat einen megawatt leistung und kann sechs stunden lang diese leistung bringen und das ist die batterie , die wir sozusagen simulationstechnisch rausbekommen haben .
it has a megawatt output and can keep up that output for six hours and it &apos;s the battery that we came up with in the technical simulation .
it has a megawatt-performance , and it can take six hours of this performance , and that &apos;s the battery that we &apos;re kind of going to do simulations .
she &apos;s got a megawatts , and she can bring six hours to this performance , and that &apos;s the battery that we have , sort of , sort of , simulate .

diese diesen verweis darauf , dass im innersten der bub schon wusste , dass er eigentlich mit dem feuer verwandt ist , aber dass er das nicht laut sagen kann .
here you have the censor between the unconscious and the conscious , which switches on immediately before you can do anything about it , and which shapes things you know look very different in such a way that they might sound a lot better for you and others .
this indication that , in the first case of the bub , he knew that he &apos;s actually related to the fire , but he can &apos;t say that he can &apos;t say it .
this is the idea that in the first of the bub , he knew that he &apos;s actually related to the fire , but he can &apos;t say it loud .

aber wir werden nicht nur die marke x als titelsponsor haben , sondern wir werden sicher stellen , dass wir jede mögliche kategorie im film verkaufen werden .
but not only are we going to have the brand x title sponsor , but we &apos;re going to make sure we sell out every category we can in the film .
but we &apos;re not only going to have the brand as a title sponsorship , but we &apos;re going to make sure that we &apos;re going to sell every possible category in film .
but we &apos;re not only going to have the brand as a title sponsor , but we &apos;re going to make sure that we &apos;re going to sell every possible category in the movie .

sie hatten über 75 verschieden sorten olivenöl , inklusive denen , die in kästen eingeschlossen waren , die von tausend jahre alten olivenbäumen kamen .
they had over 75 different kinds of olive oil , including those that were in a locked case that came from thousand-year-old olive trees .
they had done over 75 different kinds of olive oil , including those in the boxes that came from a thousand years of olive animals .
they had over 75 different kinds of oil , including oil , including the checks that were closed in the box that came from a thousand years of old living trees .

anders als in den alteingesessenen mittelklassevororten , deren existenz mir vollkommen unbekannt war , gab es in footscray kein anspruchsdenken .
unlike the settled middle-class suburbs , whose existence i was oblivious of , there was no sense of entitlement in footscray .
unlike the ancient middle class , whose existence was completely unknown , there was no scans in the middle class .
in other words , when in the old-class middle class , their existence was completely known to me , there was no more sophisticated thinking in ray scans .

ein land hat bereits angeboten seinen obersten gerichtshof zur verfügung zu stellen , als gericht für die entgültige berufung des dortigen gerichtlichen systems .
one country has already volunteered to let its supreme court be the court of final appeal for the new judicial system there .
a country has already offered its supreme court as a disposal for the uprising of the local courtship system .
a country has already offered his supreme court , to provide the court , as a court for the degradation of the local law system .

wenn man aber sehr billigen brennstoff hat , kann man ihn für 60 jahre befüllen -- denken sie an eine säule -- die sie vergraben , ohne die ganzen komplexitäten .
so , if you have very cheap fuel that you can put 60 years in -- just think of it as a log -- put it down and not have those same complexities .
but if you have very cheap fuel , you can fill it for 60 years -- think of a column -- they dig it without the whole complex .
but if you have very cheap fuel , you can fill it for 60 years -- think of a mammals -- which they dig them down without the whole complex .

seine aufgabe ist es , die bedingungen zu erschaffen , welche weniger als eine milliardstel sekunde nach beginn des universums existierten -- und das bis zu 600 millionen mal innerhalb einer sekunde .
its job is to recreate the conditions that were present less than a billionth of a second after the universe began , up to 600 million times a second .
his job is to create the conditions that are less than a billionth of the universe after the universe existed -- and this is up to 600 million times a second .
his job is to create the conditions that existed less than a billion steam after the beginning of the universe -- and to 600 million times within a second .

ja , das ist ja eine riesendebatte im moment , zubau vom kohlekraftwerken , weil wir sonst keine , oder gasturbinen , weil das nicht geht .
yes , this is a huge debate at the moment , additional construction of coal-burning power plants , because otherwise we wouldn &apos;t have , or gas turbines , because that &apos;s not possible .
yes , that &apos;s a giant debate right now , at the moment of coal-fired power plants , because we don &apos;t , or ganeys , because that &apos;s not the point .
yes , that &apos;s a huge debate at the moment , building the coal plant , because we don &apos;t have any , or stores , because that &apos;s not going to go .

und weil die regierung letztlich ihre kraft aus uns schöpft -- erinner dich an : &quot; wir das volk ? &quot; -- wie wir darüber denken , wird beeinflussen , wie dieser wandel geschieht .
and because government ultimately derives its power from us -- remember &quot; we the people ? &quot; -- how we think about it is going to effect how that change happens .
and because the government ultimately determines its power out of us -- remember , &quot; we think people ? &quot; -- how do we think about how this change happens .
and because the government finally comes from us -- remember , &quot; we &apos;re thinking about the people ? &quot; -- how do we think about how this change happens .

bisher wird in diskussionen immer versucht , diese insulaner , die machen sich autark , die haben ein eigenes kleines netz , das hat ja mit unserem verbund nichts zu tun .
up till now the following is always argued in discussions , these islanders are becoming self-sufficient , they have their own little network , which has nothing to do with our joint network .
so far , in discussions , it &apos;s always tried to do these insulers who have their own backyard , which has a small web that has nothing to do with our connected and nothing to do .
now , in discussions , they &apos;re always trying to do these insulers that are going to have a little web that has a little web that has to do with our connected and nothing .

nun , das ist gut , abgesehen davon , dass paul herumläuft und über impfstoffe spricht und sagt , wie wertvoll sie sind , und dass die leute einfach aufhören sollten zu jammern .
well , it &apos;s good , except that paul goes around talking about vaccines and says how valuable they are and that people ought to just stop the whining .
now , this is good , aside that paul talks about vaccines and talks about vaccines and says , how valuable they are , and that people should just stop calling them .
well , that &apos;s good , except that paul &apos;s going around and talking about vaccines and says , what they &apos;re valuable , and that people should just stop listening .

das essen , das von einer köchin oder einem koch liebevoll gekocht wurde , muss gegessen werden und nicht nur angeschaut oder rezepte ausgetauscht .
one should eat the food that is lovingly cooked by a cook , not just look at it or pass on the recipe for it .
the food that was cooked by a chef or a cohesive has to be cooked , not just chewed or receptacle .
the food that was coined by a cochin or a cook , has to be eaten and not only have to be saved or refused .

dies sind zwei sehr unterschiedliche einheiten , das erlebende selbst und das erinnernde selbst , und die beiden zu verwechseln ist teil des durcheinanders des begriffs vom glück .
those are two very different entities , the experiencing self and the remembering self , and getting confused between them is part of the mess about the notion of happiness .
these are two very different units , the heritage itself and the memory itself , and the two is part of the decline in different terms of happiness .
these are two very different units , the living self and the memory itself , and the two to change is part of the intersection of happiness .

und ich ging wieder durch die selbe tortur von schande und selbstzweifel , fühlte mich befreit und ging züruck an die arbeit bis es wieder und wieder und wieder passierte .
and i went through the same period of shame and recriminations and felt cleansed and went back to work , until it happened again and again and again .
and i went back through the same torture of shame and self-doubt , and i felt unhappy and went to work until it happened and again .
and i went back through the same torture of shame and self-doubt , i felt very frozen , and i was going to grow up and back to work and back again .

tatsache ist , das sie objektiv betrachtet , beim ersten mal mehr informationen hatten , als beim zweiten mal , aber ich würde es wagen zu raten , dass sie es beim zweiten mal realer empfanden .
now in fact , you had objectively more information the first time around than the second time around , but i would venture to guess that you felt that it was more real the second time around .
in fact , this is what you see in the first time , more information than in the second time , but i would guess it would tell you that you had a second recommend .
the fact is that they looked at objects , for the first time , they had more information than the second time , but i would say it would be a cry that they found it in the second time .

und am tiefsten von allen , werden wir jemals in der lage sein , die weisheit zu entwickeln , und die weisheit meistern , die wir benötigen werden , um diese entscheidungen weise zu treffen ?
and most profoundly of all , will we ever be able to develop the wisdom , and to inherit the wisdom , that we &apos;ll need to make these choices wisely ?
and at the deepest of all , will we ever be able to develop wisdom , and the wisdom , the master fees we need to make these kinds of choices ?
and the most profound of all , will we ever be able to develop the wisdom , and the wisdom that we need to make this decision ?

wir beginnen , in dem wir die führungsstimme in zwei sequenz-siftable einspeisen und diese in einer reihe anordnen , sie erweitern und ein bisschen mehr der stimme hinzufügen .
we &apos;ll start by putting a lead into two sequence siftables , arrange them into a series , extend it , add a little more lead .
we &apos;re starting to put the leadership in two sequencing tools and put them in a row , put them in a number , and add a little bit more to the voice .
we start , in which we store the leading voice in two sequencing stores , and we put these in a series , and add a little more to the voice .

vor 18 monaten machte ich etwas anderes bei google , und ich regte an , etwas mit museen und kunst zu machen . meine chefin , die heute auch ist , gab mir grünes licht .
and 18 months ago , i had another job at google , and i pitched this idea of doing something with museums and art to my boss who &apos;s actually here , and she allowed me to do it .
18 months ago , i did something else in google , and i was talking about doing something with museums and art . my chef , who was also now , there was a green light .
18 months ago , i did something else at google , and i was talking to something with museums and art . my chef , who was today , i was founded .

und vielleicht ist es das , wohin wir in zukunft gehen müsse , wenn wir demokratie über anatomie hinausführen -- weniger über den individuellen körper nachzudenken was identität betrifft , und mehr über beziehungen nachzudenken .
and maybe that &apos;s where we need to go in the future , when we take democracy beyond anatomy , is to think less about the individual body , in terms of the identity , and think more about those relationships .
and maybe that &apos;s what we &apos;re going to go to the future when we &apos;re going to do democracy about anatomy -- less about the individual body of what &apos;s going on , and thinking more about relationships .
and maybe it &apos;s where we &apos;re going to go into the future , if we &apos;re going to lead democracy across anatomy -- less about the individual body of identity , thinking about identity and more relationships .

genau dies ist der grund , warum wir musik machen : damit wir etwas , das in uns allen , tief im inneren steckt , unsere gefühle , durch unsere künstlerische linse , durch unsere kreativität zur wirklichkeit formen können .
this was the very reason why we made music , that we take something that exists within all of us at our very fundamental core , our emotions , and through our artistic lens , through our creativity , we &apos;re able to shape those emotions into reality .
this is the reason we make music : so we can do something that &apos;s inside of us , deep in our emotions , our emotions , through our artistic linear , through our creativity , can actually shape our creativity .
this is the reason why we make music , so that we can put something inside of all of us , deep inside , our emotions , through our artistic linear linear , through our creativity , in reality .

nun , natürlich , auf eine art entfachen solche unfälle erneut die debatte um den wert von wissenschaft und ingenieurskunst an solchen grenzen . es ist leicht , so etwas abzulehnen .
now of course , in a way those accidents reignite the debate about the value of science and engineering at the edge . it &apos;s easy to refute .
well , of course , in a kind of dish cases , the debate about the value of science and engineering and engineering is so light . it &apos;s so easy to dismiss .
well , of course , in a kind of disappointed way , the debate around the value of science and engineering and engineering , it &apos;s easy to dismiss something like this .

in diesem jahr feiern wir den 200 . geburtstag von charles darwin und als er vor 150 jahren über evolution geschrieben hat , hat darwin , in meinen augen , auf etwas sehr wahres im menschlichen charakter hingewiesen .
this year we celebrate the 200th birthday of charles darwin , and it was 150 years ago , when writing about evolution , that darwin illustrated , i think , a truth about the human character .
in this year , we celebrate the 200 birthday of charles darwin and when he wrote about 150 years ago , darwin , darwin , in my eyes , something very true in the human character .
in this year , we celebrate the 200 birthday of charles darwin , and when he wrote over 150 years ago , darwin has written in my eyes , in something very true in human character .

und diese frage sollte sich jeder von ihnen stellen und zwar an jedem einzelnen tag , an dem ihnen etwas auffällt , das erledigt werden muss . wenn nicht jetzt , wann dann ? und wenn nicht ich , wer dann ?
and this is the question i want everyone to ask yourself every single day when you come up with something you feel that needs to be done : if not now , then when ? and if not me , then who ?
and this question was supposed to be asked by each of you and every single day to do something that has to be done . if not when , now , when ? and if i don &apos;t , who ?
and this question should every one of you think about every single day that you have to do something that has to be done . if you don &apos;t ? and then if i don &apos;t , who is there ?

pivot , diese anwendung -- ich möchte es nicht einen browser nennen ; es ist wirklich kein browser , aber man kann webseiten damit ansehen -- und wir bringen diese zoom-technologie zu jeder einzelnen webseite wie dieser .
so pivot , this application -- i don &apos;t want to call it a browser ; it &apos;s really not a browser , but you can view web pages with it -- and we bring that zoomable technology to every single web page like this .
pivot , this application -- i don &apos;t want to call it a browser ; it &apos;s really not a browser , but you can look at web pages -- and we bring this zooming technology into every single website like this .
pivot , this application -- i don &apos;t want to call it a browser ; it &apos;s really not a browser , but you can look at websites -- and we bring this zoomic technology to every single website like this .

ich lebe beruflich vom bauen von computern und ich weiss , dass ich den mechanismus , den ich verwende um computer zu bauen , nicht verwenden könnte , ohne die kürzlich gemachten fortschritte in der computertechnologie .
now i design computers for a living , and i know that the mechanisms that i use to design computers would be impossible without recent advances in computers .
i live peers from building computers , and i know i &apos;m using the mechanism i &apos;m using to build computers , couldn &apos;t do it without the progress in computer science recently .
i &apos;m leveraging from computers , and i know i &apos;m using the mechanism that i &apos;m using computers to build computers , couldn &apos;t use computers , without the progression in the computer technology .

bedenken sie , dass ein großer anteil der amerikaner , die unter der armutsgrenze leben , zugang zu strom , wasser , toiletten , kühlschränken , fernseher , mobiltelefonen , klimaanlagen und autos haben .
think of this , in america today , the majority of people under the poverty line still have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , mobile phones , air conditioning and cars .
think that a great percentage of americans who live under the poverty line , access to electricity , water , refrigerators , refrigerators , television , mobile phones , climate change and cars .
if you think that a big percentage of americans who live under the array of poverty , access to electricity , water , toilet , refrigerated , refrigerators , mobile phones and cars .

hier liegt das problem : wenn ich nicht mit meinen fehlern abschließen und über sie reden kann , falls ich die leise stimme , die mir sagt , was wirklich geschah nicht finden kann , wie kann ich es dann mit meinen kollegen teilen ?
here &apos;s the problem : if i can &apos;t come clean and talk about my mistakes , if i can &apos;t find the still-small voice that tells me what really happened , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
here &apos;s the problem : if i don &apos;t close with my mistakes , and i can talk about you , if i tell the voice , the voice that tells me what can &apos;t really happen , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
here &apos;s the problem : if i can &apos;t close my mistakes , and talk about you , if i tell the voice that tells me what really wasn &apos;t happening , how can i share it with my colleagues ?

er schlüpfte nach draußen , ließ seine hosen aus seehundsfell herunter und defäkierte in seine hand . und als die fäkalien zu frieren begannen , formte er sie in die form eines messers .
he simply slipped outside , pulled down his sealskin trousers and defecated into his hand . and as the feces began to freeze , he shaped it into the form of a blade .
he went out to the outside , and he left his testicles out of the sea , and dropped his hand in his hand , and when the strings started to freeze , he shaped them into the shape of a sea .
he then went out to the outside , left his holidays out of seafopods and dropped his hand in his hand , and when the creators began to freeze them in the form of a knife .

und was wir gemacht haben , seit zweitausendneun war die halle dann fertig , bis heute zweitausendzwölf quasi alles , was hier zwischen den einzelnen system an elektronik , an software zu entwickeln war , haben wir gemacht .
and what we did , the hall was completed in two thousand and nine , and until today , two thousand and twelve , we developed practically everything that could be developed electronically and in terms of software between the individual systems .
and what we &apos;ve done since the two-mile nine was the bule then , until now , we &apos;ve got two and a half thousand acres , which is all in between the individual system of electronics , we &apos;ve done software .
and what we &apos;ve been doing since two thousand was the catastrophe &apos;s been done , until today , there &apos;s a two-hour oil , everything that was here between the individual electronics of electronics , to develop software .

und wir wissen , dass es momentan einfach keinen sinn macht zu versuchen 30 oder 50 jahre in die zukunft zu schauen , weil alles so anders sein wird , dass eine einfache hochrechnung von dem was wir jetzt machen schlichtweg keinen sinn macht .
and we know that it just doesn &apos;t make too much sense to think out 30 , 50 years because everything &apos;s going to be so different that a simple extrapolation of what we &apos;re doing just doesn &apos;t make any sense at all .
and we know that at the moment it doesn &apos;t just make sense to try to look at 30 or 50 years into the future , because everything will be different , that a simple calculus of what we &apos;re doing now doesn &apos;t make any sense of light .
and we know that it &apos;s simply not a sense of trying to look at 30 or 50 years in the future , because everything is going to be so different that a simple computation of what we &apos;re doing now don &apos;t make any sense of light .

und kurz danach , am 19. januar , haben sie bei dem kongress für eine änderung der verfassung gestimmt , um eine verfassungsgemäße regelung zu haben , die für spezielle entwicklungsgebiete zulässig ist .
and shortly thereafter , on january 19th , they voted in the congress to amend their constitution to have a constitutional provision that allows for special development regions .
and shortly after that , on january 19th , they voted to congress for a change in concrete constant , to have a distribution of abundance that is reliable for development .
and shortly after the 19th , in january , they have voted in the congress for a change in terms of the constitution to have a comprehensive miration for specialized development .

sie hatten 250 verschiedene arten von senf und essig und über 500 verschiedene arten von obst und gemüse und mehr als zwei dutzend verschiedene arten an wasser -- und das war zu einer zeit als wir noch tatsächlich leitungswasser getrunken haben .
they had 250 different kinds of mustards and vinegars and over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and more than two dozen different kinds of bottled water -- and this was during a time when we actually used to drink tap water .
they had 250 different kinds of mustard , and over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and more than two dozen different kinds of water -- and this was at a time when we actually had lighter water .
they had 250 different kinds of senior and sheep and about 500 different kinds of obstacles and vegetables and more than two dozen different kinds of water -- and that was at a time when we were actually dropped water .

wenn ich nun all diese personen betrachte erkenne ich , dass die mehrheit davon regierungsbeamte sind . manche kommen aus der wissenschaft . manche , noch weniger , kommen aus der wirtschaft . hier ist mein chef . und einer kommt aus dem musikbereich .
so looking at these people , i can see that the majority come from government ; some have come from natural sciences ; some , fewer still , have come from business -- there &apos;s my boss -- and one has come from music .
now , when i look at all these people , i realize that the majority of them are registered . some of the science comes from science , some more , come from the economy . here &apos;s my boss . and one comes out of the music .
now , if i look at all these individuals , i realize that the majority of them are registered , some of the science come from science . some of them come from science , some of them come from the economy . here &apos;s my chef . and one comes out of the music .

wie ich schon sagte , habe ich mich im laufe der jahre in einige ziemlich schreckliche situationen begeben , aber nichts konnte mich vorbereiten , nichts konnte mir rüsten , auf irgendetwas so schwieriges und so gefährliches wie mit diesen typen in einen raum zu gehen .
and as i said earlier , i put myself in some pretty horrible situations over the years , but nothing could prepare me , nothing could ready me , for anything as difficult or as dangerous as going into the rooms with these guys .
as i said before , i &apos;ve been able to admit myself over the years to some pretty awful situations , but nothing could prepare me , nothing to me , anything like this , and as dangerous as these guys could go into a room .
as i said , i &apos;ve been giving me over the course of a couple of terrible situations , but nothing could prepared me , nothing could be prepared to me , anything that was so hard to do with something as hard and as dangerous as with this guy in a room .

und wann ist natürlich auch etwas intuitiv und wie kann ich als gestalter darauf einfluss nehmen und eben entsprechend die dinge so gestalten , dass sie a benutzungsfreundlich , also möglichst intuitiv sind , weil dann machen sie spaß und sind einfach zu benutzen .
and to see when something is intuitive of course and how i , as a designer , can have influence on this and design things in such a way that they are a user friendly , so as intuitive as possible , because then the things are fun and easy to use .
and of course , when something is intuitive , and as i can take on this , i could actually influence and shape things like this , that they use a friendly way , so they &apos;re intuitive , so they &apos;re intuitively intuitive because they &apos;re fun and they &apos;re easy to use .
and , of course , when it &apos;s an intuitive and how i can take an age of age as an age of age and make things so that they &apos;re using a lot of kindness , so they &apos;re intuitively intuitively intuitive , because they &apos;re fun and they &apos;re just fun to use .

ich verliebte mich in die kraft der evolution , und ich stellte , etwas sehr grundlegendes fest : in den meisten die existenz von leben in einzelligen organismen , teilt sich jede zelle , und all die genetischen information der zelle wird in beiden tochterzellen weiter geführt .
i became enamored of the power of evolution , and i realized something very fundamental : in most of the existence of life in single-celled organisms , each cell simply divides , and all of the genetic energy of that cell is carried on in both daughter cells .
i fell in love with the power of evolution , and i was doing something very fundamental : most of the existence of life in terms of individual organisms , each cell , and all the genetic information of the cell is being led in both dead cells .
i loved myself in the power of evolution , and i found something very fundamental : most of the existence of life in a single organisms , each cell , each cell , and all the genetic information of the cell is continued into both dead cells .

er enthäutete den hund und improvisierte ein geschirr , nahm das skelett des hundes und improvisierte einen schlitten , spannte einen anderen hund an und entschwand über die eisschollen mit dem fäkalien-messer am gürtel .
he skinned the dog and improvised a harness , took the ribcage of the dog and improvised a sled , harnessed up an adjacent dog , and disappeared over the ice floes , shit knife in belt .
he had contains the dog and improvised an iron , took the skeleton of the dog and improvised a very bad thing , relaxed another dog , and created the ice sheet with the strings of the knife .
he confirmed the dog and improvised an irt that took the skeleton of the dog and improvised a bad dog , tened a different dog and pickle across the ice with the sheet .

und vor dem hintergrund habe ich mich in dem bereich natural user interface design , also die nächste generation im umgang mensch computer in der also in der beziehung des mensch computers damit beschäftigt , wie sich unsere werkzeuge oder wie sich der computer vom rechner sukzessive zum digitalen assistenten verändert .
and against that background , within the area of natural user interface design , so the next generation of the interaction between humans and computers in the i mean in the relationship between humans and computers , i looked into how our tools , or how the computer has successively transformed itself from a calculator to a digital assistant .
and in front of the background , i was in the field of natural design , so the next generation of man in the computer , so the human relationship with this man is how our tools are changing , or how the computer is changing from the computer computational suck to digital assistance .
and in front of the background , i &apos;ve changed myself in the field of natural interface , so the next generation in a human being in the middle of man , so in the relationship of the human computer , how our tools or how the computer is changing from the computation to the digital assistance .

um diese theorien aufzustellen , rufen wir uns in erinnerung , dass es sich definitiv um hochgradige sabotage handelt , es muss sich um ein hochwertiges ziel handeln und sehr wahrscheinlich befindet es sich im iran , weil dort die meisten infektionen gemeldet wurden .
in order to get target theories , we remember that it &apos;s definitely hardcore sabotage , it must be a high-value target and it is most likely located in iran , because that &apos;s where most of the infections had been reported .
so to ensure that these theories , we call ourselves in memory that it &apos;s definitely about highly grave , it has to be a high-quality act , and it &apos;s very likely to be in iran , because most infected infections have been collected .
in order to make these theories , we call ourselves remembering that it &apos;s definitely about high-resolution gram , it has to be a high-end goal goal , and it &apos;s probably very likely to be in iran because most infected infections .

auf dem grund des ozeans sind bakterien vorhanden , die thermophil sind und dadurch den heißen dampf überleben andernfalls , wenn fische dort wären , würden es vakuum gekochte fische zur folge haben dennoch haben sie es geschafft dort eine bewohnbare umgebung für sich zu machen .
at the bottom of the ocean , bacteria that are thermophilic and can survive at the steam vent heat that would otherwise produce , if fish were there , sous-vide cooked fish , nevertheless , have managed to make that a hospitable environment for them .
on the bottom of the ocean , bacteria are there that are thermophil , and that &apos;s what the hot button would be if fish were there , if there were fish , it would have been vacuum tuned to be able to do fish , however , they would have managed to make a habitable environment .
on the bottom of the ocean , the bacteria are bacteria that are thermophil , and that &apos;s why the hot hemisphere would survive if fish were there , if fish would have been a vacuum tovum , they have been able to make it a living environment .

wir sprachen dabei über dieses thema . und wissen sie was ? die meiste zeit seines lebens war tom die verkörperung des gepeinigten modernen künstlers , der versuchte , diese unkontrollierbaren kreativen impulse , die in ihm wohnten , zu beherrschen und mit ihnen zurechtzukommen .
and we were talking about this , and you know , tom , for most of his life he was pretty much the embodiment of the tormented contemporary modern artist , trying to control and manage and dominate these sort of uncontrollable creative impulses that were totally internalized .
we talked about this topic , and you know what ? most of his life was the tom of the body &apos;s pentry modern artificial artist trying to control this un-controlled impulse impulse impulse impulse impulse sheet with them .
we talked about this topic . and you know what ? most of the time of his life was tom of his life &apos;s body &apos;s body artificial modern artist , trying to do this uncontrolled creative impulse sensing impulse in him and get them into them .

ich habe ihnen von vier techniken erzählt , die das problem der entscheidungsüberlastung mildern -- beschränken -- werden sie die überflüssigen alternativen los ; konkretisieren -- machen sie es real ; kategorisieren -- wir können besser mit mehr kategorien , weniger möglichkeiten umgehen ; auf komplexität vorbereiten .
i have talked about four techniques for mitigating the problem of choice overload -- cut -- get rid of the extraneous alternatives ; concretize -- make it real ; categorize -- we can handle more categories , less choices ; condition for complexity .
i &apos;ve told you about four techniques that can overcome the problem of decision-making -- reconstraints -- you &apos;re going to overcome the overwhelming alternatives ; concrete -- you &apos;re doing real categorization -- we can better deal with categories , fewer possibilities of complexity .
i told you about four techniques , the problem of decision-making millennium -- limited -- you &apos;re going to be able to make the fluid alternatives ; concrete concrete -- it &apos;s real category -- we can deal with more categories , less ways to be prepared .

ich musste einzelne übungen scheinbar unendlich oft wiederholen mit diesen dicken , elastischen bändern -- in verschiedenen farben -- das kennen sie , um meine bein-muskeln aufzubauen . und ich habe diese bänder mehr gehasst als alles andere . ich hab sie gehasst . ich habe sie verflucht . ich hab sie gehasst .
i had to do what seemed like innumerable repetitions of exercises with these thick , elastic bands -- different colors , you know -- to help build up my leg muscles , and i hated these bands more than anything -- i hated them , had names for them . i hated them .
i had to repeat individual practices often repeatedly again with these thick , elines -- in various colors -- you know what i mean to build my leg muscles . and i hated these bands more than anything else . i hated them . i hated them . i hated them . i hated them .
i had to be able to repeat all sorts of unrepeatedly with these dizzy , elaborate color -- in different colors -- that you know , to build my muscles . and i &apos;ve hated all the others . i hate them . i hated them . i hated them .

es wäre toll , wenn wir dieses denkmuster der normalität gegen ein anderes der möglichkeiten oder der stärke , um es sogar noch ein bisschen gefährlicher zu formulieren , austauschen könnten . so können wir die kräfte von sehr vielen kindern freisetzen , und sie dazu einladen , ihre ganz besonderen und wertvollen fähigkeiten in die gesellschaft einzubringen .
if we can change this paradigm from one of achieving normalcy to one of possibility -- or potency , to be even a little bit more dangerous -- we can release the power of so many more children , and invite them to engage their rare and valuable abilities with the community .
well , it would be great if we could put that paradigm on the other side of the possibilities or strength , even in a little bit more dangerous , we could delete . so we could put the forces of very many children , and invite them to put their special skills in the society .
it would be great if we were to reform this pattern of normal thinking against another way or strength of strength , to even form a little bit more dangerous , so we can put the forces of lots of forces , and so we can put the forces of lots of very much more helpful children , and to bring them into their special skills .

also , tatsache ist , dass man sich an das 20. jahrhundert , in 300 jahren nicht für seine kriege oder technischen innovationen erinnern wird , sondern vielmehr als an eine ära , in der wir zugegen waren und die massive zerstörung der biologischen und kulturellen vielfalt auf der erde entweder aktiv unterstützten oder passiv akzeptierten . also das problem ist nicht die veränderung .
well , the truth is the 20th century , 300 years from now , is not going to be remembered for its wars or its technological innovations , but rather as the era in which we stood by and either actively endorsed or passively accepted the massive destruction of both biological and cultural diversity on the planet . now , the problem isn &apos;t change .
so , in fact , the fact that you remember the 20th century , 300 years from now , not for your wars or technological innovation , but rather than a era where we were against and the massive destruction of the biological and cultural diversity on either side of the planet , either passive or acceptance . so this is not the change .
so , in fact , the fact is that you remember the 20th century , in 300 years , not for its wars or technological innovations , but a lot more than a era in which we were against the massive and the destruction of the biological diversity and the cultural diversity of the earth or passive the problem . so that &apos;s not the problem .

mit anderen worten , zuckerpillen haben in einigen studien eine messbare wirkung gezeigt , den placebo-effekt , und zwar nur deswegen , weil die person denkt , was mit ihr geschieht , sei eine pharmazeutische oder eine art von ... im schmerzmanagement , zum beispiel , gibt es , wenn der patient nur fest genug daran glaubt , eine messbare wirkung im körper , die man den placebo-effekt nennt .
in other words , sugar pills have a measurable effect in certain kinds of studies , the placebo effect , just because the person thinks that what &apos;s happening to them is a pharmaceutical or some sort of a -- for pain management , for example , if they believe it enough there is a measurable effect in the body called the placebo effect .
in other words , sugar pillars have shown a measurable effect , placebo effect , and that &apos;s because the person thinks about what &apos;s happening to their pharmaceutical pharmaceutical or a kind of painful management -- for example , if there &apos;s only enough effect , there &apos;s a measurable effect in the body called the placebo body called the placebo effect .
in other words , sugar pills have shown in some studies in some studies , the placebo effect , which is just because the person thinks about what &apos;s going on with her , you know , a pharmaceutical or a pharmaceutical type of management -- for example , if there &apos;s just enough patient , it &apos;s a measurable effect in the body called the body .

einer von ihnen ist bedingt durch die große auswahl unterschiedlicher salatdressings , wenn sie eines kaufen , und es ist nicht perfekt -- und , welches salatdressing ist schon perfekt ? es ist einfach sich vorzustellen , dass sie eine andere entscheidung hätten treffen können die besser gewesen wäre . und was passiert ist diese bildlich vorgestellte alternative führt dazu , dass sie die entscheidung bereuen , und dieses bereuen wirkt negativ auf die zufriedenheit , die sie von ihrer gemachten entscheidung hatten , auch , wenn es eine gute entscheidung war .
one of them is that with a lot of different salad dressings to choose from , if you buy one , and it &apos;s not perfect -- and , you know , what salad dressing is ? -- it &apos;s easy to imagine that you could have made a different choice that would have been better . and what happens is this imagined alternative induces you to regret the decision you made , and this regret subtracts from the satisfaction you get out of the decision you made , even if it was a good decision .
does one of them have one of them come through the big choice of saldswallows , if they buy one , and it &apos;s not perfect -- and what is it that saldressing ? it &apos;s easy to imagine that they could make a decision that would have better . and what &apos;s going on here &apos;s what &apos;s going to be the alternative to make that decision that they &apos;re doing , and that &apos;s what they &apos;re going to do , and this negative , that &apos;s all the negative of the content that they were doing , that they made them , if they made them a good decision .
one of them is a lot of you from the great choice of choice , if you buy one , and it &apos;s not perfect -- and what salatr is it ? it &apos;s just a different decision ? it &apos;s just a different decision that you could have made better decision . and what would you have done ? this is the alternative that you &apos;ve been doing , you &apos;ve made this decision , and you &apos;ve made this decision , you &apos;ve made a good decision , if you &apos;ve made it a good decision .

dabei spielt es keine rolle , ob es sich um die penan in den wäldern von borneo handelt , oder die voodoo-akolythen in haiti , oder die krieger in der kaisut-wüste von nordkenia , die curanderos in den anden , oder eine karawanserei mitten in der sahara . dies ist zufällig der kollege , mit dem ich vor einem monat in die wüste gereist bin . oder selbst ein yak-hirte an den hängen des qomolangma , everest , der gottmutter der welt .
and whether it is the penan in the forests of borneo , or the voodoo acolytes in haiti , or the warriors in the kaisut desert of northern kenya , the curandero in the mountains of the andes , or a caravanserai in the middle of the sahara -- this is incidentally the fellow that i traveled into the desert with a month ago -- or indeed a yak herder in the slopes of qomolangma , everest , the goddess mother of the world .
now , in the middle of the world , i &apos;m a sea level of anomalous desert , or in the middle of the middle east , i &apos;m an accomplishment of the middle east , or in the midwinner desert , or in the middle of the middle of the winter , there &apos;s an ant coloscological desert , or the accurately , or the middle east of the earth , or the middle east of the earth , whether it &apos;s in the accurately , or the middle east , the middle east , is a sea floor of acid colominjuries , or the earth , who &apos;s an acre , who &apos;s an acre in all the germ in all the acuctant in all the acia , or the acia , who is an acoracoracindoors of us , who &apos;s an acoraccream , who is an acocolocolomiranium ,
the egypt of haiti , or the egg in the middle of the world , is the victims of the egypt , or the egypt of the egg in the world , or the squaro of the squaras , or the egypt , or the egypt in the middle of the world , or the egg , or in the middle of the middle of the mid-east , or the squid , or the middle of the middle of the squaro , or the squaras it &apos;s the squaras it &apos;s the squarby the mithwest , or the squid , or the squaro of the squaro in the desert , or in the world , the world , the squaro of the mium , the squaras it &apos;s the squarby the desert , the desert , the squarisone of the desert , in the desert , in the desert , the desert ,

