okay .
okay .
okay .
okay .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

danke .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

woah !
wooo !
whereas aah !
ah !

toller trick ?
nice one .
great trick ?
great trick ?

auch kein krankenhaus .
there &apos;s no hospital that can say &quot; no . &quot;
no hospital .
not a hospital too .

es ist eine krise .
it &apos;s a crisis .
it &apos;s a crisis .
it &apos;s a crisis .

sondern essentiell .
play &apos;s essential .
it &apos;s essential .
it &apos;s essential .

man konnte manhattan sehen .
you could see manhattan .
you could see manhattan .
you could see manhattan .

wie funktioniert das also ?
so how does it happen ?
so how does this work ?
so how does that work ?

ist das nicht traurig ?
isn &apos;t that sad ?
isn &apos;t that sad ?
isn &apos;t that sad ?

sie war also zurück .
well she was back all right .
so she was back .
so she was back .

jk : beides .
jk : both .
jk : both .
jk : both of the one .

es hält dich frisch .
it keeps you fresh .
it keeps you fresh .
it keeps you fresh .

das ist vorbildlich .
that &apos;s exemplary .
that &apos;s forward .
this is pre-educated .

wir stoßen ständig aufeinander .
we &apos;re constantly running into each other .
we &apos;re constantly breaking each other .
we &apos;re constantly getting together .

ich hatte ein gutes leben .
i &apos;ve lived a good life .
i had a good life .
i had a good life .

es klingt vielleicht übel .
it might sound like it &apos;s a bad thing .
it may sound bad .
it may sound anxious .

es ist fast nichts mehr übrig .
there &apos;s almost nothing left .
it &apos;s almost nothing left .
it &apos;s almost no longer left .

kann doch gar kein problem sein .
that can &apos;t be a problem .
but can &apos;t be a problem at all .
but can &apos;t be a problem .

der wiederum zeigte ihn javier .
he showed it to javier .
again , he showed him four .
again , he showed him jail four .

nun , wie konnte das geschehen ?
now how could this come about ?
well , how could this happen ?
well , how could that happen ?

und hier nochmal die darstellung .
and here you have the graphic again .
and again , the representation .
and here &apos;s the darkness .

und es war eine unglaubliche erfahrung .
and it &apos;s been an incredible experience .
and it was an incredible experience .
and it was an incredible experience .

ich sollte das vermutlich nicht tun .
i &apos;m going to tell you something i probably shouldn &apos;t .
i should not do that .
i should probably not do that .

und ihn dann zu realisieren .
and then they execute on it .
and then reconcile it .
and then reconcilize it .

das ist beängstigend .
that &apos;s scary .
this is scary .
this is scary .

das spiel fängt an – schweigen .
the match begins -- silence .
the game begins -- swiss .
the game starts -- swiss .

und das kann einen großen unterschied machen .
and that can make a big difference .
and that can make a big difference .
and that can make a big difference .

und was bedeutet das für den designer ?
and what does that mean to a designer ?
and what does that mean for designers ?
and what does this mean for designers ?

scheinbar war es recht beliebt .
and apparently it was quite popular .
apparently it was quite popular .
apparently it was pretty popular .

nein , ich meine es wirklich ernst .
no . i &apos;m serious . i am .
no , i mean really serious .
no , i mean , really serious .

es beschäftigt sich mit schwachsinn .
he &apos;s wasting his time on nonsense .
it &apos;s busy about shopping .
it &apos;s busy .

es gibt ebenfalls weltrekorde .
there &apos;s world records that are on this as well .
there &apos;s also world record .
there are also worlds .

oh mein gott . oh mein gott .
oh , my god . oh , my god .
oh my god . oh my god .
oh my god . oh my god .

der interessiert sich fürs feuermachen .
but there are no associations to look for where you can learn how to make a fire .
the interest is to make firefies .
the interest is interested in fireflies .

widrigkeiten gehören einfach zu unserem leben .
it &apos;s part of our life .
jokes are just too easy to live in our lives .
withird is just to live on our lives .

nein , das war , was ich dachte .
no , that &apos;s what i thought .
no , that was what i thought .
no , that was what i thought .

es gab nie zuvor eine zeit wie diese .
there &apos;s never been a time like this .
there was never been a time like this .
there was never been a time like this .

und das war es , was ich fühlte .
and it was what i was feeling .
and that was what i felt .
and that was what i felt .

zustände dieser art existieren bei uns nicht .
we don &apos;t have that kind of situation .
now , circumstances of these kinds of circumstances don &apos;t exist .
these kinds of circumstances don &apos;t exist in us .

und was macht man dann mit dem müll ?
and then what do you do with the waste ?
and what do you do with the garbage ?
and what do you do with the waste ?

ich meine , was werde ich heute finden ?
i mean , what am i going to find today ?
i mean , what am i going to find today ?
i mean , what am i going to find today ?

eine ganze schale cool whip essen .
eating an entire bowl of cool whip .
it &apos;s a whole cool thing .
it &apos;s a whole cool grap .

dies ist eine , ein teil von ihr .
this is one of them , part of one of them .
this is one , part of her .
this is one , part of her .

und dann sieht es in der regel so aus .
and that generally looks like this .
and then it looks like this .
and then it looks like this .

sie hören nur zu und beginnen dann zu sprechen .
they simply listen and then begin to speak .
you just hear them , and then start to speak .
you just listen and then start talking .

meine großmutter hat mich nie sein leben vergessen lassen .
my grandmother never let me forget his life .
my grandmother never left me to live his life .
my grandmother never left his life .

schütz die umwelt , verbrauche weniger energie .
protect the environment , consume less energy .
shake the environment , it needs less energy .
shatz the environment , use less energy .

ich dachte , ich könne mich integrieren .
and i thought i could blend in .
i thought i could integrate myself .
i thought i could integrate myself .

also an dieser stelle brauchen wir digitale sicherheitssysteme .
so this is where we need digital safety systems .
so at this point , we need digital security systems .
so at this point , we need digital security systems .

sie leben mit hilfe von chemosynthese .
they live in an environment of chemosynthesis .
they live with chemosynthesis .
they live with help of chemosynthesis .

den rest der zeit sind sie delokalisiert .
the rest of the time they &apos;re delocalized .
the rest of the time , they &apos;re deleted .
the rest of the time , they &apos;re delay .

deshalb denke ich , müssen wir führend sein .
so i think we have to be in the lead .
so i think we need to be leaders .
that &apos;s why i think we need to be leadership .

ich wollte nicht gehen ; ich liebe mein leben .
i didn &apos;t want to go ; i love my life .
i didn &apos;t want to go ; i love my life .
i didn &apos;t want to go ; i love my life .

er kam zu mir und umarmte mich .
and this man came over to me and he hugged me .
he came up to me and got me .
he came to me , and he came up with me .

beide sind überlebensfähig , beide zünden .
both are viable ; both take off .
both of them are survivors , both zones .
both of them are survival , both of them .

dies ist ein vollkommen unhaltbares entwicklungsmuster .
this is a completely unsustainable pattern .
this is a completely unsustainable developmental pattern .
this is a completely unsustainable development pattern .

bei einem dachte ich er hätte nierensteine .
one i thought had a kidney stone .
i thought he would have done nick stones .
at one point , i thought he would have kidney stones .

somit war jedes tröpfchen ein wenig anders .
and so every drop was a little bit different .
so every tribe was a little bit different .
so every trump was a little different .

und warum ? weil paul einen impfstoff gemacht hat .
and why ? because paul made a vaccine .
and why ? because paul has made a vaccine .
and why ? because paul did a vaccine .

sie virtualisieren die realität und zwar ganz ohne computer .
you are virtualising the reality without a computer .
they virtual reality and without computers .
it &apos;s virtual reality and without computers .

und das ist die planung hinter stuxnet .
and this is the plot behind stuxnet .
and that &apos;s the planning behind it .
and that &apos;s the planning behind it .

aber werden wir das beste aus unserem spieltrieb machen ?
but will we make the most of our playfulness ?
but will we do the best of our game drive ?
but are we going to do the best of our game ?

es war &quot; in ewigkeit , für immer . &quot;
it was , &quot; in perpetuity . forever . &quot;
it was &quot; in eternal , forever . &quot;
it was &quot; in eternal , forever . &quot;

... könntest du bitte kurz die folie zeigen .
and then , so if you can just turn on the slide that &apos;s on .
... you could just show the slide short .
... can you just show the slide .

und wir erfinden uns so oft neu wie wir möchten .
and we get to re-invent ourselves as often as we like .
and we often invent how we want to rebuild .
and we also invent ourselves as often as we want .

also hören sie bitte zu , wenn eine musik gespielt wird .
so please listen when music is played .
so please listen to , if a music is played .
so listen to you , if you &apos;re playing a music .

es ist eine total verleugnung von fehlern .
it &apos;s a complete denial of mistakes .
it &apos;s a completely denial of miserable .
it &apos;s a completely denial deception of missions .

spiel ist der kitt , der uns beieinanderhält .
play is the glue that binds us together .
game is the chart that keeps us .
game is the kitt that keeps us down .

sie ist nicht mal eine idee ; sie ist ein prozess .
it &apos;s not even an idea ; it &apos;s a process .
it &apos;s not an idea ; it &apos;s a process .
she &apos;s not even an idea ; she &apos;s a process .

also in anderen worten definiere ich zuerst was ich will .
so in other words , i define what i wanted .
so in other words , i first want to do what i want .
so in other words , i first define what i want .

zidane , in einem augenblick der kopfstoß .
zidane , the headbutt in a moment .
zip , in a moment of headlines .
zie , in a moment of headline .

edward castronova ist ein volkswissenschaftler .
there &apos;s an economist named edward castronova .
edward cakinva is a national scientist .
edward caova is an indian scientist .

welche weiteren metamorphosen haben sie durchlaufen ?
what are some other metamorphoses that you &apos;ve had ?
what other metamorphans did you walk through ?
what other metamins have you run through ?

es gibt ihn noch nicht einmal online . kein streaming .
it &apos;s not even online . it &apos;s not even streaming .
there &apos;s not even online . there &apos;s no extent .
there &apos;s not even online . there &apos;s no equation .

und sie können diesen grünen punkt dort in der mitte sehen .
and you can sort of see this green dot right in the middle .
and you can see this green point there in the middle .
and you can see this green point there in the middle .

und dennoch gibt es da diese mentale abkopplung .
and yet , there is this disconnect .
and yet , there &apos;s this mental disorder .
and yet , there &apos;s this mental disorder .

hier ist ein kurzes video über das , was wir tun .
it &apos;s just a quick video of what we do .
here &apos;s a short video about what we &apos;re doing .
here &apos;s a short video about what we do .

wir können die gleichen dinge in der tat mit weniger energie machen .
we can actually do the same thing with much less energy .
we can actually do the same things in fact with less energy .
we can do the same things in fact with less energy .

also ich weiß von einigen , die sich nicht eingetragen haben .
i know of some people who haven &apos;t registered .
so i know about some who didn &apos;t wear .
so i know about some of the ones that didn &apos;t wear themselves .

sie müssen zugeben , dass das eine große auswahl ist .
you &apos;ve got to admit that &apos;s a lot of choice .
you have to admit that this is a big choice .
you have to admit that this is a big choice .

50 prozent ihrer entscheidungen wurden innerhalb von neun minuten oder weniger getroffen .
50 percent of their decisions were made in nine minutes or less .
50 percent of their decisions have been hit within nine minutes or less .
50 percent of their decisions were hit within nine minutes or less .

zum beispiel , wäre diese jemand , der vollständig logisch ist .
and for example , this would be somebody who &apos;s completely logical .
for example , that somebody who is completely logically logical .
for example , this one would be completely logically locally .

es war völlig ausgeschlossen , dass sie dabei scheitern könnte .
it was inconceivable to her that she would not succeed .
it was completely exclusive that it could fail .
it was completely closed that she could fail .

ich kann sagen , die kanzlerin ist ein mann .
and if i &apos;m right , then the chancellor is a man .
i can say , the canadian is a man .
i can say the kanzler is a man .

b hat diese vorteile und risiken . was wollen sie tun ?
b has these benefits , and these risks . what do you want to do ? &quot;
b has these benefits and risks . what do you want to do ?
b has this benefits and risks . what do you want to do ?

also , wenn du bitte das licht wieder anmachen könntest .
so , if you could bring up the lights .
so , if you could do the light again .
so , if you ask the light again .

ich spiele erklärend , was diese töne zu bedeuten haben könnten .
i play to explain what these tones might have meant .
i &apos;m explaining what these daughters might mean .
i &apos;m playing what these notes might have to mean .

und in berlin gab es ein verrücktes ingenieurkollektiv .
and in berlin there was this crazy engineering collective .
and in berlin , there was a crazy engineer of engineering .
and in berlin , there was a crazy engineer .

ich behaupte , wir sind bereit für unser eigenes episches spiel .
i say we are ready for our own epic game .
i &apos;m saying we &apos;re ready for our own epiphany game .
i &apos;m saying we &apos;re ready for our own episode .

bei den meisten meiner tätigkeiten habe ich zwei hüte auf .
so i wear two hats in most of what i do .
i &apos;ve got two chicken on the most of my daily basis .
in most of my activities , i &apos;ve got two hips on my own .

sagen sie mir bitte nicht , dass diese dinge keine konsequenzen haben .
please , don &apos;t tell me there are no consequences to these things .
please don &apos;t tell me that these things don &apos;t have any consequences .
don &apos;t tell me that these things don &apos;t have consequences .

und was darunter ist , ist das , was wir bürokratie nennen .
and what &apos;s under that is what we call bureaucracy .
and what &apos;s below is what we call bureaucracy .
and what &apos;s underneath is what we call bureaucracy .

denn durch meeresschutzgebiete stellen wir im grunde die vergangenheit wieder her .
because with marine protected areas , we actually recreate the past .
because by marine protected areas , we &apos;re basically going back to the past .
because through marine reserves , we basically put the past again .

dann passiert das gleiche wie in einem guten , angeregten gespräch .
then the same thing happens as when you have a good , stimulating conversation .
and then the same thing happens in a good , speaker conversation .
and then the same thing happens in a good conversation .

die forschung , es ist einfach verrückt , wie wenig die unterstützt wird .
the r &amp; amp ; d piece , it &apos;s crazy how little it &apos;s funded .
research , it &apos;s just crazy , as little as the supporters are supported .
the research , it &apos;s just crazy , how little it &apos;s supported .

dies hat mich getroffen , als ich meine jeans austauschen wollte .
this hit me when i went to replace my jeans .
this has struck me when i wanted my jeans .
this made me meet when i wanted to raise my jeans .

ich habe das übrigens nicht in meiner arbeit als anwalt gelernt .
and i didn &apos;t learn about this actually practicing law and doing the work that i do .
by the way , i didn &apos;t learn this in my work as a lawyer .
i didn &apos;t learn that in my work as a lawyer .

das ist meine marke in meiner kleinen , verzerrten industrie .
in my warped little industry , that &apos;s my brand .
this is my brand in my little , broken industry .
this is my marke in my little , failed industry .

nun , ich fragte mich , wie kann ich das wirklich rüberbringen ?
now , i thought , &quot; how could i really capture this ?
now , i wondered how can i really get this over ?
well , i wondered how can i really get that ?

die notierten noten haben dabei die funktion der buchstaben einer schrift .
the annotated notes have the function of the letters of a language .
the notified notes have the function of the letters of a writing .
the node notes have the function of the letters of a script .

und das nennt man androgenrezeptor-defekt .
and this is a syndrome called androgen insensitivity syndrome .
and that &apos;s called androgenreceptor defeat .
and this is called androgenic receptor .

die erste regel also lautet , dass kombinierte fotos dieselbe perspektive haben sollten .
so the first rule is that photos combined should have the same perspective .
so the first rule is that combined photos should have the same perspective .
so the first rule is that combined photos should have the same perspective .

und das ist die nachricht , die ich im medizinstudium aufnahm .
and that was the message that i absorbed when i was in med school .
and that &apos;s the message that i took in medical school .
and that &apos;s the message that i studied in medical school .

ich liebe diese : &quot; watson bezwingt menschlichen gegner . &quot;
and i love this : &quot; watson vanquishes human opponents . &quot;
i love this : &quot; watson beds human enemy . &quot;
i love this : &quot; watson forced human enemy . &quot;

denn die kategorien sagen mir , wie ich sie auseinander halten kann .
because the categories tell me how to tell them apart .
because the categories tell me how i can hold them apart .
because the categories tell me how i can keep them apart .

da ist nun all dieser rummel vor der großen enthüllung
so there &apos;s all this hustle and bustle going on for the big unveiling .
now there &apos;s all of this rumbber , before the big devastating .
now , there &apos;s all of these rummies in front of the big revelation .

große daten werden für organisationen auf der ganzen welt in große gelegenheiten verwandelt .
turning big data into big opportunity for organizations all over the world .
big data is transformed for organizations around the world in large opportunities .
big data is transformed for organizations around the world in large opportunities .

um es in meinen zusammenhang zu stellen : ich wurde im jahr 1946 geboren .
to put it in context for myself : i was born in 1946 .
to put it in my context , i was born in 1946 .
to put it in my context : i was born in 1946 .

und das wichtigste dabei ist , uns den boden anzuschauen , als allererstes .
and the most important thing is to look at is the soil first of all .
and the most important thing is to look at the ground as the first thing .
and the most important thing is to look at the ground as the first thing .

-- aber in unserer entdeckung der welt , haben wir alle arten unterschiedlicher methoden .
but in our discovery around the world , we have all kinds of other methods .
but in our discovery of the world , we have all kinds of different ways .
but in our discovery of the world , we all have different kinds of methods .

wir tippen , wir reichen ein , wir gehen essen , das ist okay .
we type , we file , we go to dinner . it &apos;s fine .
we tip , we &apos;re rich , we &apos;re going to eat , that &apos;s okay .
we tip , we &apos;re rich , we &apos;re going to eat , that &apos;s okay .

und ich dachte an die beziehung mit meiner frau , zu freunden , zu menschen .
and i thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
and i thought about the relationship with my wife , to friends .
and i thought about the relationship with my wife , to friends , to people .

das ist eine der schmerzhaftesten korrekturen eines kreativen lebens .
this is one of the most painful reconciliations to make in a creative life .
this is one of the most painful corresponds of a creative life .
this is one of the most painful corrections of a creative life .

also hat die allianz für klimaschutz zwei kampagnen ins leben gerufen .
so the alliance for climate protection has launched two campaigns .
so the alliance for climate protection has two campaigns in life .
so the alliance for climate protection has two camps in life .

wunderschöner strand . toller tag . sie haben es alles für sich selbst .
gorgeous beach . beautiful day . they have it all to themselves .
beautiful beach . great day . you have everything for yourself .
beautiful beach . great day . you have everything for yourself .

also rief ich am nächsten tag , kurz vor der veranstaltung , don an .
so the next day , just before the event , i called don .
so i called on the next day , just before the event , don &apos;t .
so i called the next day , just before the event , don &apos;t .

dass wir alle mehr sind , als das schlimmste , was wir jemals getan haben .
that each of us is more than the worst thing we &apos;ve ever done .
that we &apos;re all more than the worst thing we &apos;ve ever done .
that we &apos;re all more than the worst thing we &apos;ve ever done .

das ist das , das auf zwei milliarden jahre arbeitserfahrung zurückgreift .
that &apos;s the one that relies on two billion years of on-the-job experience .
this is what happens in two billion employment recovery .
this is the one that comes back to two billion years of labor .

hier ist der stand der gesamten demonstration , die ich bis hierhin gehalten habe .
here , in fact , is the state of all the demo that i just gave .
here &apos;s the whole demonstration of the entire demonstration that i kept on this .
here &apos;s the whole demonstration of the whole demonstration that i kept on to this .

drei dinge : tastemaker , teilnahmecommunities und das unerwartete .
three things : tastemakers , communities of participation and unexpectedness .
three things : take-maker , semetropolitan and the unexpected .
three things : tasteful , shared metric , and that was unexpected .

er hatte eine potentiell lebensgefährliche krankheit namens epiglottitis .
he had a potentially life-threatening condition called epiglottitis .
he had a potentially dangerous disease called epithetitis .
he had a potentially dangerous disease called glottiotyptitis .

das entspricht der leistung von hundert atomkraftwerken , weil das geht besonders schnell überall .
that &apos;s equivalent to the output of one hundred nuclear power plants , because it is converted particularly quickly .
that &apos;s the power of hundreds of nuclear power , because it &apos;s going very fast .
this is the performance of a hundred nuclear power plant , because this is particularly fast .

keine angst , keine qualen , kinderlähmung , puff , verschwunden .
no fear , no agony . polio -- puff , gone .
no fear , no smoke , child paralysis , puff , disappeared .
no fear , no jar , child hunters , puff , disappeared .

jedes mal ist es spannend , denn immer wieder lese ich etwas neues heraus .
it &apos;s exciting every time , because i read something new in it every time .
every time it &apos;s exciting , because again , i read something new .
every time it &apos;s exciting , because again , i read something new .

das heißt , sie können im internet sehen , wie man die nährstoffe zurückgewinnen kann .
that means you can see how to win back nutrients on the internet .
that means you can see on the internet , as you can win the nutrients back .
that means you can see in the internet , as you can win the nutrients .

ich schaute durch die duschtrennwand und sah sie auf der anderen seite stehen .
i looked through the shower screen and saw her standing on the other side .
i looked through the shoot wall , and she saw it on the other side .
i looked through the dumbling wall , and i saw them on the other side .

also tat er , was jeder gute entwickler tun würde , er schrieb eine app .
so he did what any good developer would do , he wrote an app .
so he did what every good developer would do , he wrote an app .
so he did what every good developer would do , he wrote an app .

die melodie entsteht aus dem gesungenen und der rhythmus aus dem tanz .
the melody is created through what &apos;s being sung and rhythm is created through dance .
the melody comes out of the unhealthy and the rhythm from dance .
the melody comes from the healthy and the rhythm from the dance .

es liegt daran , dass möglichkeiten auf diesem planeten nicht zurück gehen , sie gehen vorwärts .
it &apos;s because possibilities on this planet , they don &apos;t go back , they go forward .
it &apos;s because possibilities don &apos;t go back to this planet , they go forward .
it &apos;s because opportunities don &apos;t go back to this planet , they go forward .

... das muss keine angst sein . in welcher art von achterbahn befinden sie sich ?
... doesn &apos;t have to be fear . what kind of roller coaster are you on ?
... that doesn &apos;t have to be scared . what kind of achterrain is it ?
... that doesn &apos;t have to be afraid . what kind of aches you are ?

nun – wir können das einfach überspringen – ich werde stattdessen einfach das video überspringen ...
we &apos;ll just -- we can just skip -- i &apos;ll just skip through the video instead ...
now -- we can just jump out -- i &apos;m just going to jump out the video .
now -- we can just jump out -- i &apos;m just going to jump out the video ...

wir spielen mal gerade die produktionskosten ein . von ruhm keine spur .
we barely break even . there is no fame in it .
we &apos;re just going to play the production east . ruhm is not a trap .
we &apos;re just going to play the production costs . it &apos;s not a splash .

sie sind , in manchen kulturen , die wahl , um mehr männer als frauen zu haben .
they &apos;re , in some cultures , choosing to have more males than females .
they are , in some cultures , the choice to have more men than women .
they are , in some cultures , the choice to have more men than women .

das ist ich glaube , die sind da da sind weniger leute eingetragen , als tatsächlich existieren .
that is i think they are less people have registered than actually exist .
this is what i think these are there are less people than actually exist .
i think that &apos;s because there are less people than actually exist .

und dann fügte er hinzu : &quot; aber unser wasser hat keine unreinheiten . &quot;
and then he added , &quot; but our water has no impurities . &quot;
and then he put it up , &quot; but our water has no uncleaning . &quot;
and then he put it up , &quot; but our water doesn &apos;t have a pump . &quot;

und deshalb geben die hoden im fötalen stadium testosteron ab .
and so in the fetal life the testes are pumping out testosterone .
and that &apos;s why the hostest stages go down in the faton .
and that &apos;s why the holiday stays go on the fare stays .

die familie , die angst um sein leben hatte , nahm ihm alle waffen und alle werkzeuge ab .
the family , fearful for his life , took away all of his weapons , all of his tools .
the family , the fear of his life , took him all the weapons and all the tools .
the family , the fear of his life , took him all the weapons and all the tools .

wir sind dabei von sechseinhalb zu neun milliarden menschen in den nächsten 40 jahre anzuwachsen .
we &apos;re about to go from six and a half to nine billion people over the next 40 years .
we are growing from six and a half to nine billion people in the next 40 years .
we &apos;re growing from six and a half billion people in the next 40 years .

also müssen sie auch nicht auf klassische musik verzichten , weil sie kein instrument spielen .
so you don &apos;t need to abstain from listening to classical music because you don &apos;t play an instrument .
so you don &apos;t have to do it in classical music because you don &apos;t play an instrument .
so you don &apos;t have to do it in classical music because they don &apos;t play any instrument .

und so fing ich an herum zu spielen , und stellte fest , dass dort etwas vor sich geht .
and so i started playing around , and i found something going on over here .
and so i started playing around , and i realized that there &apos;s something going on .
and so i started playing around , and i realized that there &apos;s something going on there .

was heutzutage interessant ist , ist das echtzeit-kontrollsysteme beginnen in unserem leben aufzutauchen .
what is interesting today is that real time control systems are starting to enter into our lives .
what &apos;s interesting today is the real control system of control systems in our lives .
what &apos;s interesting now is the real control control systems start to live in our lives .

wir wissen , dass ein entwicklungsprozess nicht optimal ist , wenn er zu kompliziert wird .
in fact , we know that the engineering process doesn &apos;t work very well when it gets complicated .
we know that an developmental process is not optimal if it &apos;s too complicated .
we know that a developmental process isn &apos;t even optimal when it becomes complicated .

und ich glaube wir alle hier sind teil der schöpfung von dem was auch immer als nächstes kommt .
and i think all of us here are a part of producing whatever that next thing is .
and i think we &apos;re all part of the creation of what &apos;s going on next .
and i think we &apos;re all part of the creation of what &apos;s going on next .

und dann würden sie fragen : wie glücklich sind die augenblicke im leben des erlebenden selbst ?
and then you would ask : how happy are the moments in the experiencing self &apos;s life ?
and then you would ask : how happy are the moments of life in the living life ?
and then you would ask : how happy are the eyeball of life in life ?

sie rettete mein leben , indem sie mich die toilette im lehrerzimmer benutzen ließ .
she saved my life by letting me go to the bathroom in the teachers &apos; lounge .
she saved my life by using me the toilet in the classroom .
she saved my life by using the toilet in the teaching room .

er wollte die gefühle beim spielen einfangen . also hat er vor den spielern eine kamera aufgebaut .
he wanted to capture the emotion of gaming , so he set up a camera in front of gamers while they were playing .
he wanted to capture the feelings of play . so he built a camera in front of the game .
so he wanted to catch the emotions in play . so he built a camera in front of the game .

das heißt , wir verlieren im boden etwa fünftausend mal mehr , als neu gebildet wird .
that means we &apos;re losing five-thousand times more than what is formed in the soil .
that &apos;s what we lose in the ground about five times more than new .
that means that we lose in the ground about five times more than re-educated .

um ein realistisches resultat zu erreichen , läuft es von mir aus gesehen also auf planung hinaus .
so to achieve a realistic result , i think it comes down to planning .
to get a realistic outcome , it &apos;s going from me to planning .
so to achieve a realistic result , it &apos;s going to go from me to planning .

dann verbrauchen sie nur noch das , was an sonne und wind da vorhanden ist , wo sie leben .
then they &apos;ll only be using what is available in terms of sun and wind where they live .
and then you just need what &apos;s on the sun and wind there , where you live .
then they just need what &apos;s on sun and wind there , where they live .

und er kannte sie , er wäre in der lage gewesen zusätzliche informationen zu ihr beizusteuern .
and he knew her , he would have been able to furnish additional information about her .
and he knew it would have been able to control more extra information .
and he knew she would have been able to control additional information .

das interessante daran ist , dass zu dieser zeit der mensch gleichzeitig medienproduzent und medium selber war .
the interesting thing about this is that at this moment the human was simultaneously the media producer and medium .
the interesting thing about it is that at that time , the human media produced media producers and medium itself .
the interesting thing about this time was the human media producers at the same time and medium .

zuerst ein ballspiel auf bonobo-art -- und ich denke dabei nicht an fussball .
first , it &apos;s a ball game bonobo-style -- and i do not mean football .
first of all , a baseball game on bonobo-like -- and i don &apos;t think of the ball .
first of all , a balloon bonoboo kind -- and i don &apos;t think of the football ball .

aber genauso arbeiten wir momentan daran , die gleichen ansätze für die entwicklung von impfstoffen einzusetzen .
but also , we &apos;re now working on using these same tools to come up with instant sets of vaccines .
but right now , we &apos;re working on building the same approaches for vaccine vaccine .
but at the same time , we &apos;re working on putting the same approaches for the development of vaccine .

wir dachten also , dass wir damit beginnen könnten , ein völlig neues kapitel zu schreiben im bereich mobilität .
so we thought we would start writing a brand new chapter of mobility .
so we thought we could start writing a whole new chapter in mobility .
so we thought that we could start writing a completely new chapter in mobility .

es ging um eine methode , mit der eltern herausfinden können , welche die richtigen öffentlichen schulen für ihre kinder sind .
it was a way that parents could figure out which were the right public schools for their kids .
it was about a method that parents can figure out what the right public schools are for their children .
it was about a method where parents can figure out which are the right public schools for their children .

dies ist das erste objekt , das sie sehen können , das in der quantenmechanischen superposition war .
this is the first object that you can see that has been in a mechanical quantum superposition .
this is the first object you can see in the quantum mechanical superposition .
this is the first object you can see in the quantum mechanical position .

wenn sie das licht einschalten , sieht es so aus . also genauso , wie wir es vorher gesehen haben .
when you turn on the light , actually you see this . so the same as we saw before .
if you turn the light , it looks like this . so as we saw it before .
if you turn the light down , it looks like this . so just as we saw it before .

zum einen ist die energiedichte , die diese technologien erzeugen dramatisch geringer als die von kraftwerken .
one is that the density of energy gathered in these technologies is dramatically less than a power plant .
one is the energy source that these technologies create dramatically as the power of power .
one is the energy that these technologies create dramatic things as the power of power .

also , was wir hier haben , ist eine komplette generation junger menschen , die meister-spieler sind .
and so , now what we &apos;re looking at is an entire generation of young people who are virtuoso gamers .
so what we have here is a full generation of young people who are master-player .
so what we have here is a complete generation of young people who are master-players .

dies ist fast mit vollkommener sicherheit zu begrenzt -- möglicherweise auch für den fisch , definitiv für uns .
this one is almost certainly too limited -- perhaps even for the fish , certainly for us .
this is almost limited to limited security -- possibly for fish , definitely , definitely for us .
this is almost limited to safety security -- perhaps for the fish , definitely for us .

zu diesen archaischen modellen gehört , dass wir ein prinzipiell natürliches verhältnis zur virtualität haben .
intrinsic to these archaic models is the fact that we have a principally natural relationship with virtuality .
to this archaic model , we have an principle of natural relationship to virtual ality .
to these archational models , that we have a principle of natural relationship to virtual .

warum nicht die schnellen muskelfasern haben , die es ihnen ermöglichen werden , schneller und länger zu laufen ?
why not have the quick twitch muscle that will enable you to run faster and longer ?
why not have the fast muscles that are going to allow them to run faster and longer ?
why not have the fast muscles that allow them to be able to run faster and longer ?

na ja , also sie sehen , auf alle fälle muss niemand ein aussichtsloser kandidat sein .
well , but this shows you , in any case , nobody has to be hopeless candidate .
well , you can see , all cases , nobody has to be an additional candidate .
well , you can see , in all cases , no one has to be a visible candidate .

klingt erstmal ganz banal , ist aber entsprechend spannend , wenn man sich damit näher beschäftigt .
that might sound mundane at first , but it &apos;s exciting , once you take a closer look at it .
sounds very banal , but it &apos;s quite exciting when you get closer to it .
the first time , the banal thing is , but it &apos;s exciting when you &apos;re closer to it .

ich werde wohl mit der demonstration beginnen , und ihnen einige interessante dinge erzählen , die seit dem start passierten .
i &apos;m going to probably get into the demo and then tell you a couple of the interesting things we &apos;ve had since launch .
i &apos;m going to start with the demonstration , and tell you some interesting things that have been passive since the beginning .
i &apos;m going to start with the demonstration , and tell you some interesting things that happened since the launch .

dabei installieren wir einen evolutionsprozess in der maschine , welcher im mikrosekunden-bereich abläuft .
so what we do is we put inside the machine a process of evolution that takes place on the microsecond time scale .
and we &apos;re installing a evolutionary process in the machine , which is running in the microsecond area .
and we &apos;re installing an evolutionary process in the machine that &apos;s going on in the micro-scale area .

diese neigten also dazu , länger zu überleben und sie vermehrten sich in grösserem ausmass .
so those tended to live longer , get expressed more .
so that &apos;s what they tend to survive longer , and they multiply in size .
so these ngos tend to survive longer , and they &apos;re in a lot of size .

ich habe sehr viel zeit meines lebens damit verbracht , zu versuchen , ich selbst zu sein , und mich gleichzeitig anzupassen .
i &apos;ve spent a whole lot of my life trying to be myself and at the same time fit in .
i &apos;ve spent a lot of time in my life trying to be , and to fit myself at the same time .
i spent a lot of time trying to be trying to be myself , and at the same time .

unsere sprache hinkt den gesellschaftlichen veränderungen hinterher , die in vielen fällen durch einen technologischen wandel ausgelöst wurden .
our language hasn &apos;t caught up with the changes in our society , many of which have been brought about by technology .
our language encounters the social changes that have been solved in many cases through a technological change .
our language is changing the social change that were solved in many cases by a technological change .

in holland versteht man das natürlich leichter , weil in holland ist das land auf blumen aufgebaut .
in holland it &apos;s easier to understand this , because holland built the country on flowers .
in holland , of course , you understand that easier , because in holland , the country is built on flowers .
in holland , of course , you understand the lighter , because in holland , the country is built on flowers .

sie können nur in verbindung mit einigen anderen chemikalien oral eingenommen werden , die die mao denaturieren .
they can only be taken orally if taken in conjunction with some other chemical that denatures the mao .
you can only be put in connection with some other chemicals that are correlated to mao .
you can only be put in some other chemicals with some other transferences , which are the mao atrium .

vielleicht könnt ihr kurz mal aufstehen , damit sie sich in der pause mit den beiden über das projekt unterhalten können .
perhaps you could just briefly stand up , so people can talk to you about the project during the break if they want to .
maybe you can stand up for a minute , so that you can talk to the two of the project about the project .
maybe you can stand for a long time , so you can keep in the break with the two to talk about the project .

ich entschied , dass das freilassen von glühwürmchen mein diesjähriger beitrag zur umwelt hier sein würde .
i decided that releasing fireflies would be my contribution to the environment here this year .
i decided that it would be released by light worms my year &apos;s contribution to the environment .
i decided that the free of light worms would be my year-old contribution to the environment here .

sie erinnerte mich daran , dass ich nun so alt war wie sie damals , als wir das boot bestiegen hatten .
she reminded me that i was now the same age she had been when we boarded the boat .
she reminded me that i was so old as she was at the time when we had the boat .
she remembered me that now i was as old as she was at the time when we had the boat .

er bekommt anrufe zu hause , weil die leute ihm gerne erzählen , dass sie wissen wo seine kinder zur schule gehen .
he gets called at home because people like to tell him that they remember where his kids go to school .
he gets to home , because people like to tell him that they know where his kids go to school .
he gets home because people like to tell him that they know where his children go to school .

vielleicht etwas zu viel zeit , wenn man bedenkt wie viele probleme wir dringend in der realen welt zu lösen haben .
maybe too much time , considering how many urgent problems we have to solve in the real world . &quot;
maybe too much time when you think about how many problems we have in the real world .
maybe a lot of time when you think about how many problems we have in the real world .

und weil man diese idee in einer minute erklären kann , werde ich ihnen vorher drei geschichten erzählen , um die zeit zu nutzen .
and because the idea can be explained in one minute , i will tell you three stories before to fill in the time .
and because you can explain this idea in a minute , i &apos;m going to tell you three stories to use time .
and because you can explain this idea in a minute , i &apos;m going to tell you three stories before , to use time .

also nicht mehr sparen , verzichten , vermeiden , reduzieren , kein schuldmanagement , sondern intelligente verschwendung .
so no more saving , abstaining from , avoiding , reducing , no more guilt management , but intelligent waste .
so not more , saving , avoid , reduce , no school management , but intelligent waste .
so not more save , avoid , reduce , reduce , not a school management , but intelligent waste .

also beginnen wir uns auf computer zu verlassen , für einen prozess , welcher sich vom klassischen ingenieurswesen stark unterscheidet .
so we &apos;re beginning to depend on computers to do a process that &apos;s very different than engineering .
so we &apos;re starting to rely on computers , for a process , which is very different from the classic engineering creature .
so we &apos;re starting to rely on computers , for a process that &apos;s different from classical engineering engineering .

was wir nun hier haben sind die titelbilder jeder einzelnen &quot; sports illustrated &quot; , die jemals gedruckt wurden .
so what we have right here is the cover of every single sports illustrated ever produced .
so what we have here are the title images of every single sports illustrated illustration that have ever been printed .
now , what we have here is the title images of every single character illustrator that have ever been printed .

meine mutter arbeitete auf farmen , dann an einem fließband in einer autofabrik , sechs tage , doppelte schichten .
my mother worked on farms , then on a car assembly line , working six days , double shifts .
my mother worked on farms , then on a flying band in a car factory , six days , doubled .
my mother worked on farms , then on a flying band in a car factory , six days , doubled .

aber heute befinden wir uns in einer situation , wo wir menschen lebenswichtige organe entnehmen und sie anderen menschen verpflanzen wollen .
but today , we have a situation where we want to take vital organs out of beings and give them to other beings .
but today , we &apos;re in a situation where we &apos;re going to take people &apos;s food organs , and they want other people .
but today we &apos;re in a situation where we &apos;re going to take people &apos;s life-important organs , and they want to plant other people .

dass wir unsere visionen von technologie und gestaltung , von unterhaltung und kreativität verbinden müssen mit menschlichkeit , mitleid und gerechtigkeit .
that our visions of technology and design and entertainment and creativity have to be married with visions of humanity , compassion and justice .
that we need our visions of technology and design , of entertainment and creativity to connect with humanity and justice .
that we have our visions of technology and design , from entertainment and creativity and creativity with humanity , compassion and justice .

nun aber , weil das nachdenkliche selbst verantwortlich ist , können sie am ende -- einige leute könnten am ende nach kalifornien ziehen .
but now , because the reflective self is in charge , you may end up -- some people may end up moving to california .
well , because the demand self is responsible , you can end up at the end -- some people could move to california .
now , because the afterward itself is responsible , you can end up in the end -- some people could end up moving to california .

ich will aber sagen , dass es für uns natürlich eine entsprechende leistungssteigerung ist , auch gewissen dinge zu erzielen .
but what i want to say is that for us it is of course accordingly an increase in efficiency , to manage to do certain things .
but i want to say that , of course , it &apos;s an excellent increase for us , of course , to get certain things .
but i want to tell you that , of course , it &apos;s a devastating increase in the end of creating things .

er ist nur daran interessiert , sich selber freizuhalten vor der notwendigkeit , beweisen zu müssen , dass es vorhersager gibt .
he &apos;s only interested in keeping himself free of the necessity to prove that there are predictors .
he &apos;s just interested in being liberated to prove to the need to prove that there &apos;s predictable .
it &apos;s just interested in giving free to prove the need to prove that there &apos;s predictions .

alles , was sie also tun müssen , ist einen blauen und einen grünen miteinander verbinden und sie können ganz schnell größere kreislaufe bauen .
so all you need to do is snap a blue to a green and very quickly you can start making larger circuits .
so all you have to do is connect a blue and a green one , and you can build a whole larger cycle .
so everything you need to do is connect a blue and a green person together , and you can build very quickly larger circles .

es funktioniert ganz einfach : jedes mal , wenn ich auf die waage springe , schickt sie meine daten auch an google health .
but the thing is that it &apos;s made this simple that whenever i hop on , it sends my data through google health as well .
it just works , every time i jumped on the wages , it sent my data to google health .
it just works very simple : every time i jumped on the wax , you send my data to google health .

als ich diese geschichte gehört habe veränderte es auch ein bisschen die art , wie ich arbeitete und es hat mich schon einmal gerettet .
so when i heard that story it started to shift a little bit the way that i worked too , and it already saved me once .
when i heard this story , it also changed a little bit like i worked , and it &apos;s already saved me .
as i heard this story , it also changed a little bit of the way i was working , and it already saved me .

norman mailer sagte kurz vor seinem tod in seinem letzten interview : <unk> jedes meiner bücher hat mich ein bisschen weiter getötet . <unk>
norman mailer , just before he died , last interview , he said &quot; every one of my books has killed me a little more . &quot;
norman mailer said a little bit about his death in his last interview : every of my books killed me a little bit further .
norman mailer said briefly in his last interview : every one of my books has killed me a little bit further .

wir stellen die vergangenheit wieder her , die die menschen nicht begreifen können , weil sich die normwerte verändert haben und sehr niedrig sind .
we recreate the past that people cannot conceive because the baseline has shifted and is extremely low .
we &apos;re putting the past again that people can &apos;t grasp , because the ones have changed and are very low .
we put the past again that people can &apos;t understand because the values have changed and are very low .

wir werden sowohl für männer als auch für frauen ausgerüstet sein -- fest , roll-on , oder einen stick , was auch immer .
we will have them geared for both male or female -- solid , roll-on or stick , whatever it may be .
we &apos;re going to be both for men and for women -- solid , wheelchair , or a stick , whatever .
we &apos;re going to be both for men as well as a women -- darkon , wheelchair , or a stick , whatever .

der künstler des altertums war vor gewissen dingen geschützt , wie , zum beispiel , zu viel narzissmus , richtig ?
so the ancient artist was protected from certain things , like , for example , too much narcissism , right ?
the artist of aging was protected by certain things like , for example , too much narcissm , right ?
the artist of the aging was protected by certain things like , for example , too much narcissm , right ?

jetzt haben wir hier eine konferenz wo die leute über die zukunft sprechen und man stellt fest , dass die zukunft immer noch beim jahr 2000 liegt .
now here &apos;s a conference in which people talk about the future , and you notice that the future is still at about the year 2000 .
now we have a conference here where people talk about the future , and you realize that the future is still in 2000 .
now we have a conference where people talk about the future , and you realize the future is still in 2000 .

alles in diesem raum war unmöglich – diese bühne , dieser computer , dieses mikrofon , der eyewriter – alles war irgendwann unmöglich .
everything in this room wasn &apos;t possible -- this stage , this computer , this mic , the eyewriter -- wasn &apos;t possible at one point .
everything in this room was impossible -- this stage , this computer , this microphone , the eyemen -- everything was impossible .
everything in this room was impossible -- this stage , this computer , this microphone , the eyedron -- everything was impossible .

dieses ding hat die hat die fähigkeit in der quantenmechanischen superposition zu sein aber es braucht ein ein wenig hilfe um es zu tun .
this device has the ability to be in a quantum superposition , but it needs a little help to do it .
this thing has the ability to be in the quantum mechanical superposition , but it takes a little bit of help to do it .
this thing has the ability to be in the quantum mechanical position , but it needs a little bit to do it .

ralph , es wurde sehr viel davon berichtet , dass leute vermuten , dass der mossad die hauptorganisation dahinter ist .
ralph , it &apos;s been quite widely reported that people assume that mossad is the main entity behind this .
ralph , it was very much reported to report that people suspect that mosquito is the main organization behind .
ralph , it was a lot of reported that people suspect that the mossssquito is the main organization behind .

angeblich gab es eine solch große hungersnot , dass der könig von lydien sich zu einer verrückten idee entschloss .
apparently , there was such a severe famine that the king of lydia decided that they had to do something crazy .
there was such a great famine that the king of lydics decided to be a crazy idea .
there was such a great famine that the king of poetry decided to be a crazy idea .

er ist lediglich ein alternder sterblicher mit schmerzenden knien . und vielleicht wird er nie wieder zu diesen höhen aufsteigen .
he &apos;s just an aging mortal with really bad knees , and maybe he &apos;s never going to ascend to that height again .
it &apos;s just an age of mortality with painful knee , and maybe it &apos;s never going to climb back to these caves .
he &apos;s just an aging mortality with paintings , and maybe he &apos;s never going to go back to this cave .

das nervensystem hat also den evolutionsprozess mithilfe dieser speziellen informationsstrukturen denn die evolution konnte nun innerhalb eines individuums stattfinden .
so that nervous system , the fact that they built these special information structures , because evolution could now happen within an individual .
so the nervous system has the evolutionary process of this particular information structure , because evolution has now been able to find within a individual .
so the nervous system has the evolutionary process of using this particular information structure , because evolution could now find within one individual .

am nächsten morgen wachte ich auf und wusste nicht mehr , ob ich diesen verrückten antrag nur geträumt oder ihn tatsächlich geschrieben hatte .
and the next morning , i woke up and i thought , now did i dream that crazy motion , or did i actually write it ?
the next morning , i woke up , and i didn &apos;t know if i had written this crazy contribution , or actually written it .
the next morning i woke up and i didn &apos;t know if i had written this crazy mission , or actually written him .

das besorgen schon andere für dich . tu es nicht dir selbst an , wette nicht gegen sich selbst . sondern nimm risiken auf dich . &quot;
other people will do that for you -- don &apos;t do it to yourself , don &apos;t bet against yourself , and take risks . &quot;
the worry about you . don &apos;t do it yourself , not against yourself , not against yourself . but take risks . &quot;
you know , the other thing for you . don &apos;t do it yourself , don &apos;t fight yourself . but take risks on you . &quot;

und nach dem terrorismus kamen natürlich die rassentrennung und jahrzehnte der rassistisch motivierten unterwerfung und apartheid .
and that era of terrorism , of course , was followed by segregation and decades of racial subordination and apartheid .
and after terrorism , of course , the racism came , and decades of lawyers were motivated and apartheid .
and after the terrorism , of course , the ratio and decades of the ratio motivated and apartheid .

und ab heute möchten wir dies nicht nur als aed4u , wie das produkt sich nennt , sondern auch als aed4us einführen .
and as of today , we would like to introduce this , not only as aed4eu , which is what the product is called , but also aed4us .
and today , we don &apos;t want to do this just as an aesthetic 4k as the product is called the product , but also as an aesthetic 4.us .
and today , we don &apos;t want to do this as an aviu , as the product is called the product , but also as an avatus 44th .

die frage die ich euch nun stellen möchte ist , wenn man sich diese exponentiellen kurven anschaut , sieht man , sie gehen nicht für immer weiter .
now the question that i &apos;d like to ask is , if you look at these exponential curves , they don &apos;t go on forever .
now , the question i want to ask you is , if you look at this exponential curve , you see , they don &apos;t go on forever .
so the question i want to ask you now is if you look at this exponential curve , you don &apos;t see them on .

es wäre ein furchtbares modell für einen teilchenphysiker , weil sie nicht mit bodenschwellen spielen , sondern mit diesen kleinen seltsamen teilchen .
it &apos;d be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they don &apos;t play with car stops , they play with these little weird particles .
it would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they &apos;re not playing with boats , but with these little strange particles .
it would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they don &apos;t play with boxes , but with these little strange particles .

es ist eine metapher , die immer wieder verwendet wird , und jedes mal macht es das gesamtbild größer als die summe der datenteile .
it &apos;s one metaphor repurposed multiple times , and in each case it makes the whole greater than the sum of the parts with the data .
it &apos;s a metaphor that &apos;s used to be used again , and every time it makes it bigger than the sum of the database .
it &apos;s a metaphor that &apos;s used again , and every time it makes it bigger than the sum of the database .

hin und wieder fällt ein brief für mich runter -- und das ipad weiß durch gps wo ich wohne -- der ist richtig an mich addressiert .
at various points , a little letter drops down to me -- and the ipad knows where you live because of gps -- which is actually addressed to me .
and again , a letter goes down to me -- and the ipad knows through gps , where i live -- that &apos;s right to me .
and again , again , a letter goes down to me -- and the ipad knows by gps gps , where i live -- that &apos;s right at me .

wir haben mittlerweile über zehn millionen förderprojekte bekommen , auch um &apos; ne zehn-megawatt-batterie jetzt ans deutsche netz zu klemmen .
we &apos;ve been given over ten million funded projects , also to attach a ten-megawatt battery to the german network .
we &apos;ve got over 10 million funding projects , even to climb 10 megawatt-bath battery now to climb germs .
we &apos;ve now gotten over 10 million projects , also to climb the 10-megawatt-like batch battleans right now .

und nichts davon hat irgendeine wirklich pharmazeutische eigenschaft . es ist nur unser glaube daran , der in uns eine stärkere wirkung erzielt .
and none of it has any real pharmaceutical quality , it &apos;s only your belief that makes it real in your body and makes a stronger effect .
and nothing of that has a really pharmaceutical property , and it &apos;s only our belief in which a stronger effect we have .
and nothing has a really pharmaceutical property , and it &apos;s just our belief in which we have a stronger effect .

von sokrates ist bekannt , dass er daran glaubte , er hätte einen dämon , der ihm weisheiten aus weiter ferne mitteilte .
socrates , famously , believed that he had a daemon who spoke wisdom to him from afar .
by socrater , he believed that he would have thought he would have a dentia , who would tell him to go out of distance .
by sokrype , he believed that he would have been a gene that gave him white sheiffs out of television .

eines tages trat sie aus versehen auf ein armband maos und für diese übertretung musste sie für sieben jahre in ein schweres arbeitslager .
one day she inadvertently stepped on an armband of mao , and for that transgression , she was given seven years of hard labor .
one day , she went out to see a tape maos and she had to take them for seven years in a severe camp .
and one day she came out of a bloodline , and she had to have to get them over seven years to work in a heavy camp .

und wir haben drei milliarden neue köpfe , mit denen wir online arbeiten können um die neuen herausforderungen zu meistern , und um das zu tun , was nötig ist .
and we have three billion new minds coming online to work with us to solve the grand challenges , to do that which we must do .
and we have three billion new heads that we can work online to mature the new challenges , and to do what it is necessary .
and we have three billion new heads that we can work online to make the new challenges , and to do what it is necessary .

aber weil diesem individuum die rezeptoren fehlen , um das testosteron zu erkennen , reagiert der körper nicht auf das testosteron .
but because this individual lacks receptors to hear that testosterone , the body doesn &apos;t react to the testosterone .
but because this individual receptors lack receptors to recognize the testosterone , reacting the body doesn &apos;t respond to the testosterone .
but because this individual is missing the receptor to see the testosterone , the body doesn &apos;t respond to the testosterone .

und ich durchlebte diese achterbahn , weil sie nach der stabilisation auf die intensivstation kam und ich hoffte , dass sie sich erholen würde .
and i went through this roller coaster , because after they stabilized her , she went to the intensive care unit , and i hoped against hope that she would recover .
and i was living through this trajectory because she came to the stages on the intensive care station , and i hoped that she was going to get out .
and i lived through that aching , because she came to the stages of the intensive station , and i hoped that she was going to go .

sie können alles mit anmerkungen versehen , ihren freunden schicken , und so eine unterhaltung beginnen darüber , was sie fühlen , wenn sie diese meisterwerke betrachten .
you can annotate the stuff , send it to your friends and really get a conversation going about what you &apos;re feeling when you go through these masterpieces .
you can see everything with features , your friends , and such a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces .
you can see everything with features , send your friends , and so a entertainment about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces .

wir fanden eins für sie , wir brachten sie hin , und wir kümmerten uns um sie , und wir gaben auf ihre familie acht , weil es nötig war ,
we found her one , we got her there , and we took care of her and watched over her family , because it was necessary .
we found one for them , we brought them down , and we cook us around them , and we gave them to their family eight , because it was necessary .
we found one for them , we brought them down , and we kissed them around them , and we gave them on their family eight , because it was necessary .

oh ja , sie gehen zu einer cocktail party und da mag man über irgendeinen anderen doktor hören , aber man wird nicht jemanden über die eigenen fehler reden hören .
oh yeah , you go to a cocktail party and you might hear about some other doctor , but you &apos;re not going to hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
oh yeah , you go to a cocktail party and you like to hear about some other doctor , but you &apos;re not going to hear somebody about your own mistakes .
oh yeah , you go to a cocktail party and you like to hear about any other doctor , but you &apos;re not going to hear somebody about your own mistakes .

wenn wir es mit einer schriftgröße von 10 und ohne abstände ausdrucken würden würde es 142 seiten umfassen , nur um diesen genetischen code auszudrucken .
if we printed it out at a 10 font with no spacing , it takes 142 pages just to print this genetic code .
if we printed it with a statement of 10 and no circumstances , it would take 142 pages to print this genetic code .
if we printed it with a writability of 10 and without any circumstances , it would summarize 142 pages just to print this genetic code .

und übrigens , wenn sie was tun wollen daraus , schreiben sie sich auf , in deutschland am besten geeignet von allen kläranlagen ist die in frankfurt .
and by the way , if you want to get active , write this down , in germany the most suitable purification plant is the one in frankfurt .
and by the way , if you want to do what you want to write in germany , in germany , you know , in germany , is the best enlightenment of everybody who &apos;s in france .
and by the way , if you want to do what you want to do , write yourself in germany , in germany , in the best country , is the enlightenment in france .

und eine art digitaler leuchtturm in der nacht – aber als allerwichtigstes , eine neue art der erfahrung für alle , die an die spitze gehen wollen .
and a kind of new digital beacon for the night -- but most importantly , a new type of experience for anybody who will go to the top .
and a kind of digital dentium in the night -- but as a most important , a new kind of experience for everyone who want to go to the top .
and a kind of digital noise in the night -- but as the most important , a new kind of experience for everyone who want to go to the top .

aber dann wurde er älter und ruhiger . er erzählte mir , dass er eines tages auf einer schnellstraße in los angeles fuhr . und da änderte sich alles für ihn .
but then he got older , he got calmer , and one day he was driving down the freeway in los angeles he told me , and this is when it all changed for him .
but then he got older and quieter , and he told me that he was going to go to a faster street in los angeles , and there was all things for him .
but then he was older and quiet . he told me that one day he went to a fake street in los angeles , and there was everything to him .

jetzt werden sie sich fragen , warum fangen die ganzen gestalter an sich mit so natürlichen , archaischen urformen der kommunikation , interaktion usw und so weiter zu beschäftigen .
now you &apos;ll be asking yourself why all these designers are starting to concern themselves with such natural , archaic prototypes of communication , interaction , etc .
now you &apos;re going to ask yourself , why are you going to catch up all the ages with such natural archaean forms of communication , interactions and so on .
now you &apos;re going to ask yourself why the whole age of age is so natural , archaesthetic forms of communication , interaction and so on .

und wie sie sehen können , ist das ein sehr inselreiches gebiet und man musste da irgendwie navigieren , von insel zu insel kommen , um sich nahrung zu beschaffen .
and as you can see , this is an area that is full of islands and so the people had to somehow navigate through there , from island to island , to find food .
and as you can see , this is a very inspiring area , and you had to sort of navigate , from island to island to protect food .
and as you can see , this is a very inspiring area , and you had to kind of navigate , from island to island to eat food .

da gibt es einen gelehrten , der heißt wolf singer , und von ihm sagt man manchmal , wolf singer behauptet , es gibt keine willensfreiheit .
there &apos;s a scholar there , his name is wolf singer , and sometimes people say , wolf singer claims , there is no free will .
there &apos;s a scholar , which is called wolf singer , and by telling him , sometimes wolf singer singers , there &apos;s no willingness .
there &apos;s a scholar that is called wolf singer , and he says , sometimes , wolf , he says there &apos;s no willingness .

das unglaubliche für mich ist , dass die projekte von denen ich das meiste feedback bekam oder wo ich den größten erfolg hatte , jene sind , wo ich mit dingen direkt interagierte .
what &apos;s incredible for me is the projects that i &apos;ve gotten the most feedback out of , or i &apos;ve had the most success in , are ones where i &apos;ve interacted with things directly .
and the incredible thing to me is that the projects that i got most feedback , or where i had the biggest success , these are the greatest success , where i interacting with things .
the incredible thing to me is that the projects that i got most of the feedback , or where i had the biggest success , is where i was interacting with things .

wenn deine arbeit brilliant war konntest du nicht alles ansehen für dich verbuchen . jeder wusste , dass du dieses körperlose genie hattest , das dir geholfen hat .
if your work was brilliant you couldn &apos;t take all the credit for it , everybody knew that you had this disembodied genius who had helped you .
if your job was brilliant , you didn &apos;t look at everything for you , everybody knew you had this body genius , which helped you .
if your work was brilliant , you didn &apos;t look at everything for you . everybody knew you had this physical genius .

ich liebe es , zu jeder gelegenheit ein anderes farbenfrohes , verrücktes outfit zu finden , zu tragen , und in letzter zeit auch zu fotografieren und zu bloggen .
i love finding , wearing , and more recently , photographing and blogging a different , colorful , crazy outfit for every single occasion .
i love to find any opportunity to find a different colorful , crazy outskirt , and at the last time to photograph and photograph .
i love to be able to find a different kind of colorful , crazy , crazy output , photographing , photographing at the end of time and blogging and blogging .

nun , ich telefonierte mit ein paar leuten in der firma . niemand konnte mir eine ordentliche antwort geben . bis ich endlich mit dem leitenden biologen telefonierte .
well , i got on the phone with a few people in the company ; no one could give me a straight answer until finally , i got on the phone with the head biologist .
well , i did a couple of people in the company , no one could give me an awful answer , until i finally got the quiet biologists .
well , i did a couple of people in the company , and no one could give me a disappointed answer , until i finally ended up with the quiet biologists .

also das sind nur ein paar der clips , die ich über die letzten sechs monate gesammelt habe – es hätten aber auch die letzten sechs tage sein können . oder die letzten sechs jahre .
so those are just a few of the clips i collected over the last six months -- could have easily been the last six days or the last six years .
so this is just a few of the clips that i &apos;ve collected over the last six months -- but it could be the last six days , or the last six years .
so this is just a few of the clips i &apos;ve collected over the last six months -- but it could be the last six days , or the last six years .

ich bekam ich einen strafzettel , weil ich nicht auf dem radweg gefahren bin , aber oft gibt es behinderungen die einen nicht anständig auf dem radweg fahren lassen .
so i got a ticket for not riding in the bike lane , but often there are obstructions that keep you from properly riding in the bike lane .
i got a pencil , because i &apos;m not on the bike , but there &apos;s a lot of disabilities that don &apos;t let you go to the bike .
i got a punctuator because i &apos;m not on the bike , but often there &apos;s no disabilities that don &apos;t drive on the bike .

wir untersuchen ob wir gespeichertes co2 verwenden können , welches einfach zu produktionsplätzen gebracht werden könnte , konvertieren das co2 in treibstoff , um diesen prozess anzutreiben .
we &apos;re looking to see if we can take captured co2 , which can easily be piped to sites , convert that co2 back into fuel to drive this process .
we &apos;re going to study whether we can use carbon co2 that could just be brought to productivity , constrained carbon in fuel to drive this process .
we &apos;re looking at whether we can use suitable co2 co2 that could just be produced to productivity , concrete co2 into carbon dioxide to do this process .

und ich war verwirrt , denn ich dachte , das ganze konzept , die idee von werbung sei , dein produkt so vielen menschen wie möglich zu präsentieren , es so viele menschen wie möglich sehen lassen .
and i was blown away , because i thought the whole concept , the idea of advertising , was to get your product out in front of as many people as possible , to get as many people to see it as possible .
and i was confused , because i thought the whole concept of advertising is your product as many people as possible , as many people as possible .
and i was confused , because i thought the whole concept of advertising was the idea of advertising your product as many people as possible to see it as many people as possible .

und übrigens , wir wandern und zirkulieren und vermischen uns so viel , dass sie nicht länger sagen können , dass isolation notwendig ist , für die evolution , um stattzufinden .
and by the way , we immigrate and circulate and intermix so much that you can &apos;t any longer have the isolation that is necessary for evolution to take place .
and by the way , we go to the circles and the district and we mix so much that they can &apos;t say longer , that isolation is necessary for evolution , for evolution .
and by the way , we &apos;re moving and circulating and remixing us so much that they can &apos;t say that isolation is necessary for evolution to find the evolution .

und die frauen kam mit ihren geschichten über männer , die die veränderung nicht ertrugen , wütend und unflexibel , und sorgenerfüllte kinder , gefangen zwischen zwei welten .
and the women came with their stories about men who could not make the transition , angry and inflexible , and troubled children caught between two worlds .
and the women came up with their stories about men who didn &apos;t make change , deserve and flexible and flexible , and generated children , between two worlds .
and the women came with their stories about men who didn &apos;t make change , angry and flexible , and generated children , between two worlds .

die mitfahrer für unbewegliche objekte sind nicht nur menschen , sondern auch das licht , das auf sie scheint und der wind , der an ihnen vorbei fegt und die hitze des raums .
the fellow passengers for inanimate objects are not just people , but it &apos;s also the light shining on it and the wind blowing past it and the heat of the room .
the driver &apos;s driver &apos;s drivers are not just people , but the light that seems to be on them and the wind , and the wind on them , and the heat of space .
the driver &apos;s drivers are not just humans , but also the light that seems to be on them and the wind that goes over to them and the heat of the space .

das heißt , wenn wir anschauen , dass wir existierende handlungsmodelle von einem auf etwas anderes übertragen können , zum beispiel die metapher , dann kann ich mir das zunutze machen als gestalter .
it means that when we can see that we can transfer existing performance models onto something else , for example the metaphor , then i can make use of that as a designer .
this is what if we look at that we can transfer existing models of a different kind of transmission , for example , the metaphor , then i can make the tonight .
that means that if we look at existing models of something else , for example , the metaphor , i can make this tonight as an age .

und daher , meine primatenkameraden , lassen sie uns dieses geschenk der evolution umarmen und gemeinsam spielen , während wir die kreativität die kameradschaft und das staunen wiederentdecken .
and so , my fellow primates , let us embrace this gift from evolution and play together , as we rediscover creativity , fellowship and wonder .
and so , my primate cameras , let &apos;s let this gift of evolution and play together while we discover the creativity of camera and the stations .
and so , my primate creature , let &apos;s play this gift of evolution and play in the poor , while we &apos;re discovering creativity and rediscover the stake .

und wir versuchen einfach klarzumachen , dass man die kapazitäten , die must-run kapazitäten , abbauen kann , indem man auch elektrochemische speicher ins netz bringt .
and we &apos;re just trying to demonstrate that we can decrease the capacities , the must-run capacities , by putting electrochemical reservoirs in the network too .
and we &apos;re just trying to make sure that you can build the capacity that you can build the mutual capacity , you can build electrochemical storage in the web .
and we &apos;re just trying to make sure that you can build the capacity , the mutitudes , the mutitudes , you can build electrochemical stores , by bringing electrochemical stores into the net .

das schöne ist an dem thema , dass man auf dieser insel im grunde genommen heute alles das vorwegnehmen kann an problemen , das wir bekommen werden , wenn wir unseren anteil von erneuerbaren erhöhen wollen .
the nice thing about this topic is that on this island , you can basically anticipate all the problems we will have if we want to increase our share of renewable energies .
the beautiful thing about this island is that you can basically take everything away from this island today , we &apos;re going to get problems that we &apos;re going to get when we want to increase our percentage of renewables .
the beautiful thing is that , in this island , you can basically take everything that can take away from problems that we &apos;re going to get when we &apos;re going to increase our percentage of renewables .

wenn wir uns dann nochmal in den bereich der software begeben , hier so die ersten command line interfaces , die sehr abstrakt waren , wo man monate gebraucht hat , um mit diesen systemen umzugehen .
if we go back to the area of software , here you see the first command line interfaces , which were very abstract , and it took months to understand how to handle these systems .
if we give us to the software of software , here &apos;s the first read and interfaces that were very abstract where you need months to deal with these systems .
so if we give us back to the software , here &apos;s how the first line and wires that were very abstract where you need months to deal with these systems .

der us-amerikanische geheimdienst fror vor zwei monaten das schweizer konto von herrn sam jain hier ein , und auf diesem konto waren 14,9 millionen us-dollar , als es eingefroren wurde .
the u.s. secret service , two months ago , froze the swiss bank account of mr. sam jain right here , and that bank account had 14.9 million u.s. dollars on it when it was frozen .
the u.s. intelligence agency two months ago , two months ago , the swiss of mr. n in here , and on this congo , 14.9 million dollars , when it was frozen .
the u.s. intelligence agency , two months ago , the swiss of swisto jail in here , and on this congress was 14.9 million u.s. dollars when it was frozen .

wir wissen alle , dass die interaktiven medien per definition nonlinear sind , was die verneinung der linearität beinhaltet , und was uns natürlich sagt , dass wir die linearität heute als normal empfinden .
we all know that interactive media is , by definition , non-linear , which involves the negation of linearity , and which of course tells us that we consider linearity normal today .
we all know that the interactive media definition is non-linear , which includes the sensitivity of linearity , and of course , tells us that we find the linearity as normal .
we all know that the interactive media definition are nonlinear , which involves the reasoning of linearity , and what we &apos;re saying is that we &apos;re finding the linear linear today .

heutzutage , können wir zum ersten mal – und die kampagne obamas hat das gezeigt – können wir von der digitalen welt , von den sich selbstorganisierenden kräften der netzwerke zu der physikalischen welt wechseln .
now today , for the first time -- and the obama campaign showed us this -- we can go from the digital world , from the self-organizing power of networks , to the physical one .
today , we can take the first time -- and the campaign of homamas has shown this -- we can move from the digital world , from the self-organizing forces of the networks of the physical world .
today , we can look for the first time -- and the campaign of amas has shown this -- we can change from the digital world , from the self-organizing forces of the physical world .

dann nehme ich den selben patienten mit brustschmerz , mache ihn verschwitzt und geschwätzig und gebe noch einen leicht alkoholisierten atem dazu und plötzlich ist die geschichte durchsetzt mit verachtung .
now take the same patient with chest pain , make them moist and garrulous and put a little bit of alcohol on their breath , and suddenly my history is laced with contempt .
and then i take the same patient with breast pain , i make it sweet and shriny and give it a very easy alcoholic , and all of a sudden , the story is replaced with aeradication .
and then i take the same patient with breast cancer , make it sweet and you sweet it , and you get another alcohol , and suddenly the story is replaced with aviation .

vor einigen wochen haben wir littlebits zu risd gebracht und gaben sie einigen designern , die keinerlei technische erfahrung hatten - nur karton , holz und papier - und sagten ihnen : &quot; macht was . &quot;
a few weeks ago we took littlebits to risd and gave them to some designers with no experience in engineering whatsoever -- just cardboard , wood and paper -- and told them &quot; make something . &quot;
a couple of weeks ago , we brought littsy to risd , and we gave them some designers who had no technical experience -- just karton wood , paper and paper -- and they said , &quot; what does . &quot;
a few weeks ago , we brought litting-edge and gave them a few designers that had no technical experience -- only carditon and paper and paper -- and they said , &quot; what &apos;s going on . &quot;

sehen sie , als ich ein kind war und mein vater mich beim lügen erwischte -- und da sitzt er und schaut mich mit diesem blick an -- würde er sagen , &quot; mein sohn , es gibt bei jeder geschichte drei versionen .
see , when i was a kid and my father would catch me in some sort of a lie -- and there he is giving me the look he often gave me -- he would say , &quot; son , there &apos;s three sides to every story .
you see , when i was a kid , and my father was lying to the lie -- and he &apos;s sitting there and he looked at me with this look at -- he said , &quot; my son , there &apos;s a story in every three story .
see , when i was a kid , and my father was sleeping at me -- and he &apos;s looking at me and he would look at me with this view -- he said , &quot; my son , there &apos;s three versions in every three versions .

ich bin wieder einen tag älter geworden , die jahreszeiten wechseln , mein puls geht abends langsamer als am morgen , in einem konzertsaal dauert es länger , dass der schall wieder zurückkommt als zu hause .
i &apos;m a day older , the seasons change , my pulse is slower in the evening than it is in the morning , in a concert hall it takes longer for the reverberation to return than it does at home .
i &apos;ve become a day older , the seasons of time , my pulse night slower is slower at the morning , in a concerted hall , it takes longer to come back to the box .
i &apos;ve become a day older , the seasons of time , my pulse goes down at the morning , at the morning , in a concrete room , it takes longer to come back home .

das einzige , was wir wussten ist sehr , sehr kompliziert , was den windows- teil angeht , den dropper- teil , er machte von unzähligen zero- day- schwachstellen gebrauch .
the only thing that was known is it &apos;s very , very complex on the windows part , the dropper part , used multiple zero-day vulnerabilities .
the only thing that we knew is very complicated , very complicated , which is the wink part , the drone , the drugs -- was made by unobligated cerocerocereals -- yields .
the only thing that we knew is very , very complicated , which goes to the winds -- is the drugs , the drugs -- the parachute , he made of uncountryside .

wenn wir es aber schaffen , den menschlichen geist dabei zu unterstützen , weiterhin zu hoffen , sich selbst und andere menschen um sich herum schön zu finden , neugierig und phantasievoll zu sein dann setzen wir unsere kräfte wirklich positiv ein .
if instead , we can bolster a human spirit to keep hope , to see beauty in themselves and others , to be curious and imaginative , then we are truly using our power well .
but if we can do it , to support the human spirit , to continue to hope , and other people to find themselves beautiful around them , curiosity and phassessness , then we really need our forces to be positive .
but if we create it , to support the human mind , to hope , to hope themselves and other people to find beautiful , curiosity and antarctic , then we really make our forces really positive .

was aber dann , fast immer , passiert ist , dass das &quot; ta-da &quot; zu einem &quot; uh-oh &quot; wird , weil das gewicht des marshmallows bewirkt , dass die ganze sache sich verbiegt und einstürzt .
but what really happens , most of the time , is that the &quot; ta-da &quot; turns into an &quot; uh-oh , &quot; because the weight of the marshmallow causes the entire structure to buckle and to collapse .
but what happens , almost every time , is that the ta-da is going to be a &quot; uh-oh , &quot; because the weight of marshmallows the marshmallows that all the whole thing is linked and stored .
but then , almost always , what happens is that the &quot; ta-da &quot; is going to be a &quot; oh , &quot; because the weight of the marshmallow doesn &apos;t affect the whole thing and recommended .

und in diesem ordner befanden sich notizen einer in deutschland ansässigen firma , die der ägyptischen regierung ein paar programme verkauft hatten , mit denen sie – in sehr großem rahmen – jegliche kommunikation der ägyptischen bürger abfangen konnten .
and within that binder were notes from a company based in germany which had sold the egyptian government a set of tools for intercepting -- and in very large scale -- all the communication of the citizens of the country .
and in this kind of companion , notification found in germany in germany , the egyptians who sold egyptian government with some programs that they had -- in very large frame -- all communication communication of the egyptian citizens .
and in this legacy , noticists found themselves in a germany in germany , the egyptian government had a few programs that they were selling -- in very generous -- communications of egyptian .

dann geht &apos; s wieder nach vorne , weil das hinten traut dem vorne nicht und sagt , jetzt gucke doch wirklich nochmal bitte nach und sicher dich ab , ob das , was du siehst , auch das ist , was du sehen möchtest .
then it goes back to the front , because the back doesn &apos;t trust the front and says , now take another look and make sure that what you see is also what you want to see .
and then you go back to the front , because the back of the back doesn &apos;t look at the front , and now , look again , look again , and sure you &apos;re going to go out and see if that &apos;s what you &apos;re looking at , that &apos;s what you want to see .
and then it goes back to the front , because it doesn &apos;t look at the back , and it doesn &apos;t really tell you , and now you &apos;re really going to go back and see if that &apos;s what you &apos;re looking at , that &apos;s what you see .

aber weil das nicht hier passiert ist , können wir es verdrängen , und leute wie jenny mccarthy können herumlaufen und botschaften von angst und analphabetismus von plattformen wie oprah und larry king live predigen .
but since it didn &apos;t happen here , we can put it out of our minds , and people like jenny mccarthy can go around preaching messages of fear and illiteracy from platforms like &quot; oprah &quot; and &quot; larry king live . &quot;
but because that &apos;s not happening here , we can put it down , and people like this mccarthy carthy can walk around and run messages from fear and analotism of strands like raoprah and larking and larry live .
but because that &apos;s not happening here , we can push it down , and people like ny mcny mccarthy can walk around and fear of fear and illiteracy of platemitism forms like oprah and larry .

also , das problem der kooperations-online-welten wie world of warcraft ist , dass es so befriedigend ist , jederzeit am rande eines epischen sieges zu stehen , dass wir lieber unsere ganze zeit in diesen spielwelten verbringen .
now , the problem with collaborative online environments like world of warcraft is that it &apos;s so satisfying to be on the verge of an epic win all the time that we decide to spend all our time in these game worlds .
so , the problem of cooperative online worlds like the world of warcraft is that it &apos;s so peaceful to stand at the beginning of an episode of an episode that we rather spend our entire time in these worlds .
so , the problem of cooperative online worlds like world warning , is that it &apos;s so satisfying , jealty at the edge of an episode that we rather spend our whole time in these worlds .

es gibt hier also große preisherausforderungen . es gibt herausforderungen bei der übertragung . wenn wir beispielsweise sagen , dass die energiequelle außerhalb des landes liegt , brauchen sie nicht nur die technologie , sie müssen auch mit dem risiko umgehen , dass die energie von wo anders herkommt .
so , we &apos;ve got big cost challenges here , we have transmission challenges : for example , say this energy source is outside your country ; you not only need the technology , but you have to deal with the risk of the energy coming from elsewhere .
so there &apos;s great challenges here . there are challenges in transmission . if we say that the energy source is outside of the country , they don &apos;t just need the technology to deal with the risk that the energy comes from anywhere else .
so there &apos;s great prices here . there are challenges in transmission . if we say , for example , the energy source is outside the country , they don &apos;t just need the technology , they also have to deal with the risk of energy .

er brachte 400.000 seiner leute um , weil er darauf bestand , dass rote beete , knoblauch und zitronenöl viel effektiver als antiretrovirale medikamente sind , von denen wir wissen , dass sie den verlauf von aids bremsen können .
he killed 400,000 of his people by insisting that beetroot , garlic and lemon oil were much more effective than the antiretroviral drugs we know can slow the course of aids .
he made 400,000 of his people because he was looking at red that red beef , bone marks and ronel oil are much more effective than antiretroviral drugs that we know that they can avoid aids from aids .
he took 400,000 of his people , because he was on the fact that red beef , bloody and blocks are much more effective than antiretroviral drugs that we know that they can break on aids .

nun haben wir » drei-verstöße « -gesetze , die menschen für immer hinter gitter bringen , für einen fahrraddiebstahl , für den diebstahl geringfügigen gutes , statt dass man sie zwingt , die sachen den opfern zurückzugeben .
and so we have three strikes laws that put people in prison forever for stealing a bicycle , for low-level property crimes , rather than making them give those resources back to the people who they victimized .
now we have three versions of &quot; three-verbs , &quot; the laws that always bring people behind the grid , for a bike steel stake , for the vertical stake , rather than that they do , are forced to give them back to the sacrifice .
now , we have &quot; tripling laws , &quot; the people that are always going to be able to get a bike for a bike bike theft , for the theft of the theft , rather than you &apos;re forced to give them the victims .

sie wussten , dass jedes jahr ungefähr 75.000 honduraner ihr land verlassen , um in die vereinigten staaten auszuwandern , und sie wollten wissen , was sie tun könnten , um sicher zu stellen , dass diese menschen in ihrem land bleiben können und genau das selbe in honduras tun können .
they knew that about 75,000 hondurans every year would leave to go to the united states , and they wanted to ask , what could they do to make sure that those people could stay and do the same things in honduras .
you knew that every year , every year , about 75,000 hondures could leave your country to go to the united states , and you wanted to know what you could do to make sure that these people can stay in their country and be able to do exactly the same thing in their honeybees .
they knew that every year , about 75,000 hondurans left their country to go to the united states , and they wanted to know what they could do to make sure that these people can stay in their country and do exactly the same .

aber ich erinnere mich an die lichter der ölplattform vor der malaysischen küste , und an den jungen mann , der zusammenbrach und starb , das ende der reise war zu viel für ihn , und an den geschmack des ersten apfels , den mir einer der männer auf der plattform gab .
but i do remember the lights on the oil rig off the malaysian coast and the young man who collapsed and died , the journey &apos;s end too much for him , and the first apple i tasted , given to me by the men on the rig .
but i remember the lights of the oil spills in the malayan coast , and the young man who broke together and died the journey was too much for him , and the flavor of the first apple that gave me one of the men on the platform .
but i remember the lights of the oil platform before malayas , and at the young man who broke together , and the end of the journey was too much for him , and the flavor of the first app of the man who gave me one of the men on the platform .

er fuhr mit hoher geschwindigkeit als er plötzlich ein kleines fragment einer melodie hört , die , wie es bei inspirationen oft ist , für ihn quälend schwer greifbar ist . und er will sie haben . sie ist prachtvoll . er lechzt danach , aber er kann sie nicht fassen .
and he &apos;s speeding along , and all of a sudden he hears this little fragment of melody , that comes into his head as inspiration often comes , elusive and tantalizing , and he wants it , you know , it &apos;s gorgeous , and he longs for it , but he has no way to get it .
he went up with high speed as he suddenly heard a small fragment of a melody that sounds like it &apos;s often inspiring for him , and he wants to do it . and he wants to do it . she &apos;s praying . he &apos;s fun . he can &apos;t touch her .
he went down with high speed as a little fragment of a piece of melody that sounds like it &apos;s often very difficult for him , and he wants it . and he wants it . he &apos;s full . he can &apos;t touch it , but he can &apos;t touch it .

was man also bekam , war folgendes : ihr name hier präsentiert : mein tedtalk , von dem sie keine ahnung haben , was das thema sein wird , und der ihnen je nach inhalt schlussendlich um die ohren fliegen könnte , besonders , wenn ich ihre firma für ihre beteiligung dumm dastehen ließe .
so what you were getting was this : your name here presents : my ted talk that you have no idea what the subject is and , depending on the content , could ultimately blow up in your face , especially if i make you or your company look stupid for doing it .
so what you got was this : your name is this : my tedtalk , you don &apos;t know what you &apos;re going to have , what the theme is going to be the subject , and the more you will ever fly around the content of your ears , especially if i &apos;m going to give your company to your company .
so what you got was , you know , this was the name here : my tedtalk , from which you don &apos;t have any idea of what the subject will be , and the chances of the content that you could fly down to the ear , especially if i &apos;m working for your dumb .

und problem , das ist nicht nur ein technisches problem , es kann auch ein gesellschaftliches problem sein , es kann auch einfach ein zugangsproblem sein , was wie dinge vereinfachen , also eine beliebige problemstellung , eine frage aufzuwerfen , und wie kann man das anders oder wie kann man das besser machen .
and a problem , so not only a technical problem , it can also be a social problem , it can also just be an access problem that simplifying things , so any way of looking at a problem , of posing a question , asking how you could do something differently or better .
and the problem that &apos;s not just a technical problem , it can also be a social problem , it can just be an access to what things like simple things , so that a simple problem is to throw a problem , a question , and how to do it , or how to do it , or how to do it better .
and the problem , that &apos;s not just a technical problem , it can be a social problem , it can also be a simple problem , but it can be a very simple problem , like things like simple , so a simple problem , a problem of trying to throw a question , and how to do that or how to do it better .

es gibt 175 dressings in meinem supermarkt , wenn sie die 10 verschiedenen extra olivenöle nicht mitzählen und 12 balsamico-essig die sie kaufen könnten um eine große anzahl an eigenen salat dessings herzustellen , in dem unwahrscheinlichen fall , dass keine der 175 in dem laden für sie richtig ist .
175 salad dressings in my supermarket , if you don &apos;t count the 10 extra-virgin olive oils and 12 balsamic vinegars you could buy to make a very large number of your own salad dressings , in the off-chance that none of the 175 the store has on offer suit you .
there are 175 rescues in my supermarket when they don &apos;t count the 10 extra olive olive oil and 12 balances that you could buy a big number of sales in your own sales , in which there &apos;s no chance that the 175 store is right for you .
there are 175 address in my supermarket in my supermarket , if you don &apos;t count the 10 different extra vents , and 12 balanic balances that you could buy a large number of your own sales , in the probability that the 175 is not in the 175 .

bg : nun wir haben uns noch nicht auf einen ort festgelegt und es gibt eine menge interessanter offenlegungsregeln für alles das &quot; nuklear &quot; im namen trägt . es gibt großes interesse und die menschen des unternehmens waren in russland , indien , china ... ich war hier und habe den energieminister getroffen und darüber gesprochen , wie dies zur energieagenda passt .
bg : well , we haven &apos;t picked a particular place , and there &apos;s all these interesting disclosure rules about anything that &apos;s called &quot; nuclear , &quot; so we &apos;ve got a lot of interest , that people from the company have been in russia , india , china -- i &apos;ve been back seeing the secretary of energy here , talking about how this fits into the energy agenda .
bg : well , we haven &apos;t given us to a place , and there &apos;s a lot of interesting rules for everything that &apos;s called the nuclear , and there &apos;s a big interest in the name , and there &apos;s the people of the entrepreneurs in russia , russia , china , i was here , and i met the power of energy , like this , like this .
bg : well , we haven &apos;t put us on a place , and there &apos;s a lot of interesting openness for everything called &quot; nuclear &quot; -- there &apos;s big interest in the name , and there &apos;s great interest in entrepreneurship in russia , india , china , and i &apos;ve met the energy source of energy and talked about it .

wenn ich in einen raum voll mit kollegen ginge und um ihre sofortige unterstützung bitten würde und anfinge ihnen zu erzählen , was ich ihnen gerade erzählt habe , würde ich sehr wahrscheinlich nicht das ende der zweiten geschichte erreichen , bevor es ihnen wirklich unangenehm würde , irgend jemand würde einen witz einflechten , sie würden das thema wechseln und den rest vergessen .
if i were to walk into a room filled with my colleages and ask for their support right now and start to tell what i &apos;ve just told you right now , i probably wouldn &apos;t get through two of those stories before they would start to get really uncomfortable , somebody would crack a joke , they &apos;d change the subject and we would move on .
if i were to ask in a room full of colleagues with colleagues and ask for their soviet support , and to tell them what i just told you , i probably didn &apos;t want to reach the end of the second story before they were really going to get uncomfortable , somebody would change a joke , they would change the rest and forget the rest of them .
if i had a room in a room full of colleagues , and to ask her socially support , and tell them what i just told you about , i would probably not be able to achieve the second story before the second story was really unpleasant , somebody would forget to change the rest of them and change the rest of the rest .

wirklich , einige glückliche personen und firmen , for-profit und non-profit , erhielten die einmalige gelegenheit -- denn ich bin mir sicher , dass chris anderson das nie wieder zulassen wird -- die namensrechte an dem talk zu kaufen , den sie gerade sehen , der zu dem zeitpunkt weder einen titel hatte noch viel inhalt und nicht viele hinweise darauf gab , was das thema eigentlich sein würde .
that &apos;s right , some lucky individual , corporation , for-profit or non-profit , was going to get the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity -- because i &apos;m sure chris anderson will never let it happen again -- to buy the naming rights to the talk you &apos;re watching right now , that at the time didn &apos;t have a title , didn &apos;t really have a lot of content and didn &apos;t really give much hint as to what the subject matter would actually be .
i &apos;m sure that chris has really , really , really , some happy people and corporations and profits , profit and profits , because i &apos;m sure that chris will never leave me back to the act -- the right thing to buy the right to the right talk , you just see the title of not a lot of content , and there would be a lot of content in the way that would actually be .
so , really , some happy people , some happy people and companies , for-profit companies and profession , the extraordinary opportunity -- because i &apos;m sure that chris anderson will never be able to buy -- who &apos;s going to buy the rights of the rights that they &apos;re going to look at right now , who didn &apos;t have a lot of the title and didn &apos;t have a lot of content on what was going to be the subject .

ich habe sogar mit meinem professor , richard evan shultes , der mann , der die psychedelische ärea mit der entdeckung der magischen pilze in mexiko in den 30iger jahren eingeleitet hat , darüber diskutiert . ich behauptete , dass man diese tryptamine nicht als halluzinogen einordnen konnte , da in dem moment in dem man die auswirkungen spürt , man nicht mehr da ist , um eine halluzination zu erfahren .
in fact , i used to argue with my professor , richard evan shultes -- who is a man who sparked the psychedelic era with his discovery of the magic mushrooms in mexico in the 1930s -- i used to argue that you couldn &apos;t classify these tryptamines as hallucinogenic because by the time you &apos;re under the effects there &apos;s no one home anymore to experience a hallucination .
i even had with my professor with my professor , richard evan man , who &apos;s morultrous , who &apos;s the decepa vian discovery with the magical discovery of mexico in mexico , discussed over the 300s . i argue that you couldn &apos;t see that this is a hallucinated moment when you couldn &apos;t experience the hallucinema , where you can &apos;t experience a hallucinate imum that you can &apos;t experience more hallucinate .
in fact , i &apos;ve even experienced with my professor , richard evan , evan , evan man , the man who &apos;s been talking to the master of the magic mushroom with the magic mushroom of mexico in mexico has been discussed over the 300s . i &apos;m not saying that you couldn &apos;t find this hallucinoid moment in tamin the moment where you can &apos;t experience , because you can &apos;t experience more .

