ja .
yeah .
yeah .
yes .

danke schön .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you very much .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

und er sagt ...
and he says ...
and he says ...
and he says ...

drei aus 10 .
three times out of 10 .
three .
three out of 10 .

darf ich ehrlich sein ?
can i be honest ?
can i be honest ?
can i be honest ?

ungeheuer aufregend .
tremendously exciting .
unbelievable .
incredibly exciting .

warum nicht länger leben ?
why not live longer ?
why not live longer ?
why not live longer ?

was sind heute medien ?
what is the media today ?
what are media today ?
what are media today ?

ich vertrete kinder .
i represent children .
i meet children .
i forgot children .

ich stimme ihnen völlig zu .
i &apos;m totally with you .
i agree to you completely .
i &apos;m going to give you very much .

ich danke ihnen vielmals .
thank you very much .
thank you very much .
thank you very much .

eine fast identische struktur .
an almost identical structure .
almost an identical structure .
a almost identical structure .

sie hatten keine massenmedien .
they didn &apos;t have mass media .
they didn &apos;t have mass media .
they didn &apos;t have mass media .

das ist es in etwa .
that &apos;s about all it can do .
that &apos;s something like this .
that &apos;s what it &apos;s like .

ich wollte uns gesund halten .
i wanted to keep us healthy .
i wanted to keep healthy .
i wanted to keep us healthy .

sie können keine knochen haben .
you wouldn &apos;t be able to have bones .
you can &apos;t have bones .
you can &apos;t have bone .

auch hier haben sie es wieder .
here you have it again .
again , you have it again .
again , you have it again .

es war einfach noch nicht erfunden .
it just hadn &apos;t been invented .
it was just not invented yet .
it was just not invented yet .

sprechen wir über wasser-kriege .
now we talk about water wars .
let &apos;s talk about water wars .
let &apos;s talk about water wars .

also , das können wir auch .
okay , we can do that .
so that &apos;s what we can do .
so that &apos;s what we can do .

wenn im moment ist das müll .
if at the moment they &apos;re waste .
when it &apos;s the garbage right now .
if it &apos;s the waste right now .

ich begann mich besser zu fühlen .
i began to feel a bit better .
i started feeling better .
i started to feel better .

ich werde ihnen etwas gestehen .
and i &apos;m going to admit something to you .
i &apos;m going to tell you something .
i &apos;m going to tell you something .

die beweggründe , es zu schreiben .
the reasons for writing it .
the movement for reasons to write it .
the reasons to write it .

auch ein ganz spannendes phänomen .
another very exciting phenomenon .
it &apos;s a very exciting phenomenon .
it &apos;s also a very exciting phenomenon .

sie sind einfach besser als die realität .
it &apos;s just better than reality .
they &apos;re just better than the reality .
they &apos;re just better than the reality .

das ist eine ziemlich verrückte idee .
it is kind of a crazy idea .
this is a pretty crazy idea .
this is a pretty crazy idea .

hier lässt er die sonne aufgehen .
here , he &apos;s bringing the sun out .
here he leaves the sun .
here he &apos;s going to go the sun .

er kann nur noch seine augen verwenden .
he only has use of his eyes .
he can only use his eyes .
he can only use his eyes .

ich schiebe meinen ärmel zurück .
i &apos;ll get my sleeve back .
i shoot my sleeve .
i go back to my doctor .

so sind die naturdinge vorgestellt .
that &apos;s how things of nature are imagined .
that &apos;s how natural things are done .
this is the natural things .

ich weiß nicht , wer was erkennt .
i don &apos;t know who recognises what .
i don &apos;t know who recognizes .
i don &apos;t know who recognizes .

was , glauben sie , passiert als nächstes ?
what do you think happens next ?
what do you think happens next ?
what do you think happens as next ?

diese dinge sind logisch korrekt .
and now our deceptive consciousness immediately senses , i can do something with this .
these things are logically correct .
these things are logical .

führe vielleicht einige mutationen ein .
introduce some mutations perhaps .
maybe some mutations .
leadership may be some mutations .

das ist ein gemälde eines kreises .
that &apos;s a painting of a circle .
this is a painting of a circle .
this is a painting of a circle .

außerdem unterliegen diese quellen unterbrechungen :
also , these are intermittent sources .
and also , these sources are interrupted .
and also , these sources are interrupted .

du solltest dir auch welche wünschen .
you should ask for some of that .
you also test what wishes .
you also want to give you the wishes .

der erste aufrechte primat also .
that was the first upright primate .
so the first exciting primate .
so the first exciting primate .

wir leben in einer wirklich außergewöhnlichen zeit .
we truly are living in an extraordinary time .
we live in a really extraordinary time .
we live in a really extraordinary time .

er hatte 20 minuten herrlicher musik gehabt .
he had had 20 minutes of glorious music .
he had 20 minutes of music .
he had 20 minutes of music .

das notfallpersonal zog alle stränge .
and the emerg. staff pulled out all the stops .
the emergency emergency moved all the strands .
the emergency staff was all the strands .

dies ist mein supermarkt . kein großer .
this is my supermarket . not such a big one .
this is my supermarket . no big .
this is my supermarket . no big .

stellen sie sich mozart effizient vor .
imagine mozart being efficient .
imagine mozart efficiency .
imagine mozingly efficient .

ich nenne sie &quot; die kommende milliarde &quot; .
i call it the rising billion .
i call them &quot; the death billion . &quot;
i call them &quot; the income billion . &quot;

es fasst mühelos tausend quadratkilometer .
it easily could hold a thousand square kilometers .
it summares a thousand square miles .
it breaks a thousand square kilometers .

und die beiden letzteren sind auch heute hier .
the last two mentioned are also present today .
and the two final ones are here today .
and the two ultimately are here today .

ich erinnere mich daran als sei es gestern gewesen .
i can remember that like it was yesterday .
i remember it was yesterday .
i remember it was yesterday yesterday .

intersexualität kommt in vielen verschiedenen formen vor .
intersex comes in a lot of different forms .
internality comes in a lot of different forms .
internality comes in many different forms .

und jeden abend fliegen sie 240 kilometer zurück .
and every evening , they fly 150 miles back .
and every night they fly 240 miles back .
and every night they fly down 240 miles .

es ist keine entscheidung zwischen privatsphäre und sicherheit .
this is not a question between privacy against security .
it &apos;s not a decision between privacy and safety .
it &apos;s not a decision between private sphere and security .

meine damen und herren , ihre verwandtschaft .
ladies and gentlemen , meet your cousins .
ladies and gentlemen , their relativity .
ladies and gentlemen , their relations .

so kommunizieren sie – so laufen ihre finger entlang .
that &apos;s how they communicate -- so run their finger along .
so they communicate -- this is how they run their fingers along .
that &apos;s how they communicate -- that &apos;s how their fingers go along .

tut mir echt leid . macht sie das verrückt ?
i &apos;m sorry , man . am i freaking you out ?
i &apos;m really sorry . does it make you crazy ?
i &apos;m really sorry . does that make you crazy ?

haben sie heute morgen alle ihre vitamine genommen ?
everyone take their vitamins this morning ?
have you taken all your vitamine today ?
did you take all your vitamins today ?

das heißt , wir müssen phosphor zurückkriegen .
so we must get the phosphorus back .
that means we need to get phosphorus back .
that means we need to get phosphorus .

wir wollen die anzahl der häftlinge senken .
we &apos;re trying to reduce the prison population .
we want to reduce the number of ugges .
we want the number of chiefs .

ich glaube also , die grundlagen sind sehr einfach .
so i think the basics are quite simple .
so i think the basics are very simple .
so i think the basic foundations are very simple .

der marshmallow muss oben drauf sein .
the marshmallow has to be on top .
marshmallow needs to be on top .
the marshmallow has to be up on the top .

und wir können auf diese sehr einfache weise navigieren .
and we can just navigate in this very simple way .
and we can navigate this very simple way .
and we can navigate this very simple way .

sie reden nicht von gott und der natur gottes .
they don &apos;t talk about god and god &apos;s nature .
you &apos;re not talking about god and nature of god .
they don &apos;t talk about god and the nature of god .

man erwartet eine zusätzliche milliarde spieler im nächsten jahrzehnt .
they expect one billion more gamers in the next decade .
you expect an extra billion players in the next decade .
you expect an extra billion players in the next decade .

möchten sie attraktiver und selbstbewusster werden ?
would you like to be more attractive and self-confident ?
do you want attractive and self-conscious ?
do you want to become selfish and self-conscious ?

vielleicht wollte ich nicht der hilfsbedürftige arzt sein .
maybe i didn &apos;t want to be a high-maintenance resident .
maybe i didn &apos;t want to be the need doctor .
maybe i didn &apos;t want to be the aid doctor .

ich sagte : » versprochen , oma . «
i said , &quot; okay , mama . &quot;
i said , &quot; i promised , oma . &quot;
i said , &quot; let &apos;s go , oma . &quot;

die ersten beiden sätze , die sind logisch korrekt .
i can claim anything .
the first two sentences that are logical .
the first two sentences that are logically correct .

sie teilten das königreich in zwei hälften .
they divided the entire kingdom in half .
they shared the kingdom in two .
they shared the king in two miles .

sie bringen ihnen bei , sich selbst türen zu öffnen .
you &apos;re teaching them to open doors for themselves .
they teach them to open themselves .
they teach them to open themselves .

im nuklearen sektor gibt es andere innovative firmen .
in the nuclear space , there are other innovators .
in the nuclei sector , there are other innovative companies .
in the nuclear sector , there are other innovative companies .

es wurde dieses jahr fast 200 millionen mal angeschaut .
it &apos;s been seen nearly 200 million times this year .
it was nearly 200 million times a year .
it was looked at almost 200 million times .

sie ist ein mädchen . sie wird als mädchen erzogen .
she is a girl . she is raised as a girl .
she &apos;s a girl . she &apos;s raised as a girl .
she &apos;s a girl . she &apos;s raised as a girl .

wir haben versucht zum punkt der automation zu gelangen .
we &apos;re trying to get to the point of automation .
we tried to get to the automation .
we tried to get to the point of automation .

dieses konstante feedback gibt es nicht im wahren leben .
we don &apos;t get that kind of constant feedback in real life .
this constant feedback is not in real life .
this constant feedback is not in real life .

das ist sternennacht , wohl niemals zuvor so gesehen .
this is &quot; the starry night , &quot; i think , never seen like this before .
this is star night , probably never seen this before .
this is star night , probably never seen this before .

das ist die wahrheit . das studio wusste das aber nicht .
and that &apos;s the truth . now , the studio didn &apos;t know that .
that &apos;s the truth . the studio didn &apos;t know that .
that &apos;s the truth . the studio didn &apos;t know that .

ich bin hier , um meine fotografie mit ihnen zu teilen .
i &apos;m here to share my photography .
i &apos;m here to share my photography with you .
i &apos;m here to share my photography with you .

denn die bilder liessen es für sie realer empfinden .
because the pictures made it feel more real to you .
because the images eat it for you to recommend .
because the images eat it for you to find recommend .

mit anderen worten , spiel ist unser anpassungsjoker .
in other words , play is our adaptive wildcard .
in other words , play is our adaptation joint .
in other words , game is our adaptive joker .

es ist wie jemanden zu bitten , die sonne zu schlucken .
it &apos;s like asking somebody to swallow the sun .
it &apos;s like asking someone to stop the sun .
it &apos;s like to ask someone who stops the sun .

die broschüren beschreiben sie immer noch als unberührt .
the brochures still say it is untouched .
they still describe it as untouched .
they &apos;re still describing the broader .

naja , ich spiele manchmal mit ihnen , aber nicht sehr oft .
well , i play with them sometimes , but not very often .
well , i sometimes play with you , but not very often .
well , i sometimes play with them , but not very often .

das habe ich . das erste bild ist ein bild meiner familie .
i did . the very first picture is a picture of my family .
that &apos;s me . the first picture is a picture of my family .
this is me . the first image is a picture of my family .

ja , so sieht ein das da unten ist eben die last .
yes , that &apos;s what a what you see at the bottom is the load .
yes , that &apos;s what this looks like down there .
yes , this is what a load is down there .

das ist die publikation die wir erst kürzlich fertig gestellt haben .
so , this is the publication we had just a short while ago .
this is the audience we just finished recently .
this is the audience that we just finished recently .

ein paar monate gingen vorüber und ich hatte gerade alles vergessen .
a couple months went by , and i had just forgotten all about it .
a few months ago , and i had just forgotten everything .
a few months ago , and i had just forgotten everything .

und wenn ich mich umdrehe , ändert der finger seine position .
and as i move around my finger shifts .
and when i turn around , the finger changes its position .
and when i turn around , the finger changes its position .

und andere ein anderes beispiel sind die ambienten , intelligenten systeme .
and other another example are the ambient , intelligent systems .
and other example are the ambitious systems , intelligent systems .
and other examples are the ambiguous , intelligent systems .

sie ziehen also umher und machen kunstinstallationen wie diese .
so they go around and do art installations like this .
so they go around and make art installations like this .
so they move around and make art installations like this .

und das ist ein bisschen schwer zu rechtfertigen , denke ich .
and this is a bit hard to justify i think .
and that &apos;s a little hard to justify , i think .
and that &apos;s a little bit hard to legal , i think .

wir denken über unsere zukunft nach als vorausgesehene erinnerungen .
we think of our future as anticipated memories .
we think about our future as a predictable memories .
we think about our future as predictable memories .

sie können es gerne nach meinem vortrag in ihren zimmern testen .
you can go back to your rooms and try this after my talk .
you want to test it after my talk in your rooms .
you can like to test it after my talk in your immune system .

nun , verstehen sie mich nicht falsch , das ging nicht einfach so .
now don &apos;t get me wrong here , it didn &apos;t go like this .
well , don &apos;t understand me wrong , that wasn &apos;t just like that .
now , don &apos;t understand me wrong , that &apos;s not that easy .

ich fand , dass technologie magie möglich machen sollte und nicht töten .
and it felt like technology should enable magic , not kill it .
i found that technology should make magic possible and not kill .
i found that technology could make magic and not kill .

ökonomen nennen dies eine pareto-verbesserungs bewerbung .
this is what economists call a &quot; pareto-improving move . &quot;
economists call this a parallel improvement .
economists call this a parallel improvement .

ich nehme das atmen des publikums wahr , bewusst oder unbewusst .
i &apos;m aware of the breathing of the audience , consciously or unconsciously .
i take this breathing to the audience , conscious or unconsciously .
i take the breathing of the audience , consciously aware or unconsciously .

und das ist auch das , was ich im letzten halben jahr hatte .
and that &apos;s happened to me these last six months .
and that &apos;s also what i had in the last half-year .
and that &apos;s also what i had in the last half-year .

das system ist so gesund , es ist völlig selbsterneuernd .
the system is so healthy , it &apos;s totally self-renewing .
the system is so healthy , it &apos;s completely self-replicating .
the system is so healthy , it &apos;s completely self-self-self-restoring .

hier sehen sie einen ausschnitt aus diesem angriffs- code .
here you see a sample of this actual attack code .
here you see a section from this angular code -- code .
here you see an extent from this angriffy code .

jemand war eingebrochen und hatte das system gründlich gehackt .
somebody broke in and they hacked it thoroughly .
someone was broken and had founded the system .
somebody was broken , and he had the system that was green .

also das ist nur eine anwendung von vielen , die man damit machen kann .
so that &apos;s just one application among many that you can use .
so this is just a application of many that you can do with it .
so this is just an application of many , which you can do with it .

im moment steckt sie in der gegenwart , aber wir haben eine unglaubliche möglichkeit .
it &apos;s stuck in the present right now , but we have an amazing opportunity .
at the moment , it &apos;s in the present , but we have an incredible opportunity .
at the moment , they &apos;re in the present , but we have an incredible opportunity .

und diese dringlichkeit , dieses ziel , hat mein leben wirklich verändert .
and that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
and this urgency , this goal , has changed my life .
and that urality , this goal , has really changed my life .

wenn jemand lügt , ist er nicht nur einfach ein lügner .
i think if somebody tells a lie , they &apos;re not just a liar .
if someone &apos;s lying , it &apos;s not just a lie .
if somebody lies , it &apos;s not just a lie .

es geht darum , aus knappen gütern überfluss zu schaffen .
it is about taking that which was scarce and making it abundant .
it &apos;s about getting out of kiss to be overflow .
it &apos;s about creating cosmic flow .

wir sollten in der lage sein , alles zu rocken , was wir wollen .
we should be able to rock anything we want to rock .
we should be able to rotate everything we want .
we should be able to rotate everything we want .

es war als italien die fußball-weltmeisterschaft gewann .
it &apos;s when italy won the soccer world cup .
it was as italy won the football world championship .
it was when italy the football world mastered .

unter einem hut beschäftige ich mich mit der geschichte der anatomie .
as the one hat , i do history of anatomy .
under a hut , i &apos;m involved with the history of anatomy .
under a hut , i was involved with the story of anatomy .

und das ist eine der drei hauptquellen von den heute existierenden online-problemen .
and this is one of the main three sources of online problems today .
and this is one of the three major sources of existing online problems today .
and this is one of the three main sources of existing online problems today .

diese suche führte mich ins alte griechenland und das alte rom .
and that search has led me to ancient greece and ancient rome .
this is what led me to the old greece country and the old rome .
this is what led me to the old greece country and the old rome .

es zeigt beispielhaft , was passiert , wenn regierungen ihre eigenen bürger angreifen .
this is a prime example of what happens when governments attack against their own citizens .
it shows what happens when governments understand their own citizens .
it shows what happens when governments attack their own citizens .

es ist ein wichtiger wunsch , aber ich denke , wir können ihn erfüllen .
this is an important wish , but it is one i think we can achieve .
it &apos;s an important wish , but i think we can fulfill it .
it &apos;s an important wish , but i think we can fulfill it .

halbzeit , die menschen machen einen kurzen anruf , gehen auf toilette .
halftime , people make a quick call and go to the bathroom .
half-time , people make a short call , go to toilet .
half time people make a short call , go to toilet .

schließlich stieg ich aus meinem auto und ging die treppe zum gericht hoch .
and i finally got out of the car and i started walking up to the courthouse .
finally , i went out of my car , and i went to the stairs to the court .
finally , i got out of my car , and i went to the court .

stellen sie sich eine große explosion vor , während sie auf auf 1.000 meter aufsteigen .
imagine a big explosion as you climb through 3,000 ft .
imagine a big explosion , as you climb up to 1,000 meters .
imagine a big explosion as you go up to 1,000 meters .

sie existieren nicht in einem auf sonnenlicht basierten system , wie wir das tun .
they don &apos;t survive on sunlight-based system the way we do .
they don &apos;t exist in a sunlight system like we do that .
they don &apos;t exist in a sunlight system like we do this .

im boden ist über sechzig prozent des kohlenstoffs gespeichert .
the ground stores over sixty percent of the planet &apos;s carbon .
in the ground , over six percent of carbon is covered .
in the ground , over six percent of the carbon has been stored .

und wir bringen sie zurück , in einer zeitgenössischen geschichte für kinder .
and so we &apos;re bringing them back in a contemporary story for children .
and we bring them back , in a contemporary history of children .
and we bring them back , in a contemporary history of children .

damit sie hörbar werden , was sie sich nur im geiste erdacht haben .
so that what they had only conjured up in their minds becomes listenable .
so they &apos;re going to be able to hear what they &apos;re only in the spirit .
so you &apos;re going to be able to hear what you &apos;ve just looked at in the mind .

als interpretin eines musikstückes habe ich zunächst nur die geschriebenen noten .
as an interpreter of a piece of music i only have the musical notes at first .
as a interpret of a piece of music , i first got the written notes .
as a interpreter of a music piece , i first got the smell of the notes .

das ist überhaupt nicht wie mein kreativer prozess – ich bin nicht der kanal !
that &apos;s not at all what my creative process is -- i &apos;m not the pipeline !
this is not like my creative process -- i &apos;m not the channel !
this is not like my creative process -- i &apos;m not the canal !

dies erlaubt es uns nun also wieder als einen einheitlichen organismus zu funktionieren .
so this allows us now to begin to start functioning as a single organism .
so this allows us to work again as a unified organism .
so this allows us to work again as a unified organism .

das heißt , wir müssen nicht die menschen kontrollieren , möglichst wenig schlecht zu sein .
that means we do not need to keep an eye on people so that they do as little evil as possible .
that means we don &apos;t have to control people to be bad .
that means we don &apos;t have to control the people , to be bad .

sie züchteten fleischrinder auf dem , was im grunde feuchtgebiete waren .
they raised beef cattle on what was essentially wetlands .
they made meat cattle on what were basically wetlands .
they grew up meat cattle on what was basically wetlands .

ich finde es besser , wenn wir unsere großen kreativen ermuntern zu leben .
i think it &apos;s better if we encourage our great creative minds to live .
i think it &apos;s better when we live our big creative encouraging .
i think it &apos;s better if we live our great creative instructions .

mit deiner chemiker-blockade , john – wie geht &apos; s dir damit ?
it didn &apos;t -- that chemical engineering block john , how &apos;s it going ?
with a chemist bloom , john -- how do you do it ?
with a chemical block , john -- how about you ?

nun , ich hatte einen einzigartigen platz an diesem tag ; ich saß auf 1d .
well i had a unique seat that day . i was sitting in 1d .
well , i had a unique place on this day ; i was sitting on 11d .
well , i had a unique place on this day ; i was sitting on 1k .

wissen sie , der durchschnittliche supermakrt heute , bietet ihnen 45.000 produkte an .
you know , the average grocery store today offers you 45,000 products .
you know , the average supermacrt today , gives you 45,000 products .
you know , the average supermacrt today is now providing you 45,000 products .

das heißt , wir sind nicht zu viele , wir sind zu blöde , ja ?
that means there are not too many of us , we &apos;re just too stupid , you see ?
that means we &apos;re not too many , we &apos;re too stupid , yes ?
that means we &apos;re not too many , we &apos;re too stupid , yes ?

nun , bevor wir heute mittag angefangen haben , hatte ich ein gespräch mit gary .
now before we started our session this afternoon , i had a chat with gary .
well before we started this day , i had a conversation with gary .
well , before we started today , i had a conversation with gary .

unsere sprache beeinflusst unser denken und wie wir die welt und die menschen um uns herum sehen .
our language affects our thinking and how we view the world and how we view other people .
our language affects our thinking and how we see the world and the people around us .
our language affects our thinking and how we see the world and people around us .

das wäre schön . es wäre nicht chez panisse , aber es wäre schön .
that would be nice . it wouldn &apos;t be chez panisse , but it would be nice .
that would be beautiful . it wouldn &apos;t be cheese , but it would be beautiful .
that would be beautiful . it wouldn &apos;t be cheese , but it would be beautiful .

stellen sie sich das erste stück vor : ein mann , der sein lebenswerk verbrennt .
imagine the first piece : a man burning his life &apos;s work .
imagine the first piece : a man who burns his life .
imagine the first piece : a man who burns his life work .

konstrukteure erkennen diese art der zusammenarbeit als kern eines iterativen vorgangs .
designers recognize this type of collaboration as the essence of the iterative process .
constructors recognize this kind of collaboration as a core of an iterative process .
constructors recognize this kind of collaboration as an iterative process .

wir sind dem saisonende nahe und bewegen uns auf die weltmeisterschaft zu .
we &apos;re near the end , we &apos;re getting close to the world series .
we &apos;re close to the season , and we &apos;re moving to the world championship .
we are close to the sailing and move to the world championship .

in israel sagt man , wenn du ein menschenleben rettest , rettest du die erde .
in israel people say , if you save a human life , you &apos;re saving the world .
in israel , if you &apos;re a human life , you test the earth .
in israel , if you read a human life , you want the earth .

sie können einen schalter dazwischen einfügen und so haben sie einen kleinen dimmer erstellt .
you can put a knob in between and now you &apos;ve made a little dimmer .
you can add a switch between , and so you &apos;ve created a little thick .
you can put an old age between one , and so you made a little distance .

dann sagte sie : » du musst mir nur drei dinge versprechen , bryan . «
and then she said , &quot; i just need you to promise me three things , bryan . &quot;
then she said , &quot; you have to tell me just three things , bryan . &quot;
and then she said , &quot; you have to talk to me only three things , bryan . &quot;

einer der werbespots der kohleindustrie um weihnachten war dieser .
one of the coal industry &apos;s ads around christmas was this one .
one of the commercials of the coal industry was christmas christmas was this one .
one of the worms of the coduty industry was christmas christmas .

diese tatsache wird oft in einen zusammenhang mit den erhöhten inhaftierungszahlen gestellt .
and part of the narrative of that is sometimes that it &apos;s about increased incarceration rates .
this fact is often put into a relationship with the increased infectious numbers .
this fact is often done in a context with the increased infections .

na ja , sie waren auch hochtechnisch und bedurften umfangreicher planung .
you know , where it was highly technical , and it required enormous planning .
well , they were also high-tech and affordable planning .
well , they were also highly technical and durable planning .

ich habe berechnet , dass die benötigte zeit bei 21 milliarden stunden spielzeit pro woche liegt .
i &apos;ve calculated the total we need at 21 billion hours of game play every week .
i calculated that the time for 21 billion hours per week is a week .
i &apos;ve calculated that the time was 21 billion hours per week per week .

ist das wirklich so , dann bedeutet das , wir sind hier im moment mitten in einem übergang .
if so , that means that what we &apos;re in the middle of right now is a transition .
this is really what this means , then we &apos;re in the middle of a transition right now .
that &apos;s what it is , then that means , we &apos;re in the middle of it right now .

was danach passierte , ist , dass die individuellen organismen einen weg fanden , untereinander zu kommunizieren .
but then what happened was the individuals worked out , of course , tricks of communicating .
what happened after that is that the individual organisms found a way to communicate with each other .
what happened after that is that the individual organisms found a way to communicate with each other .

ich will nicht in die vergangenheit , und das nicht , weil ich ein abenteurer bin -
i don &apos;t want to go back , and it &apos;s not because i &apos;m adventurous .
i don &apos;t want to be in the past , and that &apos;s not because i &apos;m a disabled .
i don &apos;t want to be in the past , and that &apos;s not because i &apos;m a disappointment .

nun das erste projekt , das ich ihnen vorstellen möchte ist in wahrheit eines der ersten unseres labors .
well , the first project i wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects by our lab .
now the first project i want to introduce you is in a truth of our labs .
now the first project i want to introduce you to is one of the first labs of our first labs .

sei es , dass wir wissen global anhäufen und immer schneller und immer besser anhäufen .
we &apos;re accumulating our knowledge on a global level and we &apos;re accumulating it increasingly quicker and better , for example .
it &apos;s that we know globally and over and over and over and over and over and over and over .
is it that we know globally and faster and faster and faster and better .

an einer solchen lüge sehen sie , dass der lügner selbst nicht glaubt , was er sagt .
a lie like that shows you that the liar himself doesn &apos;t believe what he says .
you can see that the gap itself doesn &apos;t believe what he says .
in a lie , you can see that the lie itself doesn &apos;t believe what he says .

und es macht mich angespannt in bezug auf überlegungen die demokratie betreffend .
and it makes me tense from the point of view of thinking about democracy .
and it makes me excited about overwhelming democracy .
and it makes me look at overwhelmed in terms of overwhelming democracy .

und unser ansatz war eben halt zu sagen , o.k , dass eigentlich muss man das nicht machen .
and our approach was to say , okay , that you don &apos;t actually have to do that .
and our approach was just to say , o.k , that actually you don &apos;t have to do that .
and our approach was to say , ok , that actually you don &apos;t have to do that .

dass wir als menschen nicht vollständig entwickelt sind , solange wir uns nicht um menschenrechte und grundwerte kümmern .
that we cannot be full evolved human beings until we care about human rights and basic dignity .
that we are not completely evolved as humans , as long as we don &apos;t care about human rights and basic values .
that we are not completely evolved as long as we don &apos;t care about human rights and basic values .

deine hautzellen sind nutzlos ohne herzzellen , muskelzellen , hirnzellen und so weiter .
your skin cell is really useless without a heart cell , muscle cell , a brain cell and so on .
your skin cells are useless without heart cells , muscle cells , brain cells and so forth .
your skin cells are useless cells , muscle cells , brain cells and so on .

wichtig ist , die kreativität , die in der internetkultur der techies und geeks herrscht .
but what &apos;s important here is the creativity that it inspired amongst this techie , geeky internet culture .
what &apos;s important is the creativity of the internet culture of technology and geeks .
what &apos;s important is creativity , the creativity in the internet culture of tech and geeks .

eines der wichtigsten dinge ist , dass wir daran denken müssen , ist dass regierung nicht dasselbe ist wie politik .
now one of the important things we need to think about government is that it &apos;s not the same thing as politics .
one of the most important things is that we need to think about it is that government is not the same as politics .
one of the most important things is that we need to think about it is that government is not the same as politics .

um das zu tun , schauen sie nicht auf das agrarindustrie-modell für die zukunft .
to do that , don &apos;t look at the agribusiness model for the future .
to do that , don &apos;t look at the agrars-industrial model for the future .
to do that , don &apos;t look at the agrance model for the future .

das klingt jetzt vielleicht absurd für sie , sofern sie noch nie über neue städte nachgedacht haben .
now this might sound preposterous to you if you &apos;ve never thought about new cities .
now this may be absurd for you , as you &apos;ve never thought about new cities .
now this may sound absurd for you , you never thought about new cities .

während wir abstürzen , hatte ich dieses gefühl , mensch , zu sterben ist nicht furchterregend .
and as we &apos;re coming down , i had a sense of , wow , dying is not scary .
as we fall down , i had this feeling of dying , human being is not terrifying .
while we went down , i had this feeling , human , to die is not terrifying .

und wenn man den ultimativen placebo-effekt haben möchte , muss man zur nadel greifen .
and if you want the ultimate in placebo , you &apos;ve go to the needle .
and if you want to have the ultimate placebo effect , you have to get to the needle .
and if you want to have the ultimate placebo effect , you have to attack the needle .

ein fernseher oder eine waschmaschine , die nutzen sie ja nur , die verbrauchen sie nicht .
a tv or a washing machine , those are things you just use , you don &apos;t expend them .
a television or a washing machine that they use is just the ones that they don &apos;t need .
a tv or a washing machine that you just use , you don &apos;t need .

es dauerte tatsächlich einige jahre beginnend mit einem bioethischen review bevor wir die ersten experimente machten .
it took several stages , in fact , starting with a bioethical review before we did the first experiments .
it actually took some years to start with a bioethical review before we did the first experiments .
it actually took a couple of years from a bioethical review before we did the first experiments .

wir müssen verhindern , dass die menschen kenntnis erlangen von dingen , vor allem dann , wenn sie wahr sind .
we have to prevent people from finding about things , especially when they &apos;re true .
we need to prevent people &apos;s knowledge of long things , especially when they &apos;re true .
we need to prevent the people of things , especially when they &apos;re true .

wir haben zum beispiel eine eiscremeverpackung entwickelt , die ist bei raumtemperatur &apos; ne flüssigkeit .
we &apos;ve designed an ice cream wrapping , for example , which turns into liquid at room temperature .
so , for example , we &apos;ve developed an egypt package , which is liquid liquid .
so , for example , we developed a screening package that &apos;s in space temperature &apos;s liquid .

ich habe ihnen ein beispiel mitgebracht von dem nordamerikanischen stamm der nootka-indianer .
i brought along an example of the north american tribe of the nootka indians .
i brought you an example of the north american canopy from the nootcom indians .
i brought you an example of the north american triple tribe of the noot-indian india .

polizeibeamte kamen herein und stellvertretende staatsanwälte und büroangestellte .
and police officers were coming in and assistant prosecutors and clerk workers .
police officers came in and offered government lawyers and officers .
police officials came up with a heritor lawyer and offered offices and offices .

wenn wir über biologische prozesse nachdenken oder irgendeinen prozess um das zu ersetzen , wird es eine riesige herausforderung .
when we try to think of biological processes or any process to replace that , it &apos;s going to be a huge challenge .
if we think about biological processes , or any process to replace that , it will be a huge challenge .
if we think about biological processes , or some process to replace it , it will be a huge challenge .

er hat kein stück papier , er hat keinen stift , er hat keinen kassettenrekorder .
he doesn &apos;t have a piece of paper , he doesn &apos;t have a pencil , he doesn &apos;t have a tape recorder .
he doesn &apos;t have a piece of paper , he doesn &apos;t have a pen , he doesn &apos;t have a knee reef .
he doesn &apos;t have a piece of paper , he doesn &apos;t have a pen , he doesn &apos;t have a candy record .

solche sachen also zu machen -- wissen sie , erinnert leute an ban -- das ist irgendwie , warum wir interessiert sind .
so doing things like this -- you know , remind people about ban -- is kind of why were interested in it .
so these are things to do -- you know , people remember -- this is kind of why we &apos;re interested in .
so these things -- you know , people remember -- this is kind of why we &apos;re interested in .

stattdessen gehen sie zum doktor und der doktor sagt ihnen : wir könnten a machen oder wir könnten b machen .
instead , you go to the doctor , and the doctor tells you , &quot; well , we could do a , or we could do b .
instead , they go to the doctor and the doctor says , &quot; we could make a or we could do b .
instead , go to the doctor and the doctor says , we could do a or we could do b .

da gibt es so umstrittene sachen wie diese ganzen gentechnisch veränderten pflanzen auf den äckern .
there are controversial topics such as all those genetically modified plants in the fields .
there are things like this whole genetically engineered plants on the ckens .
there &apos;s such striking things like these all sorts of materials that are changing on the rickers .

vor ungefähr einem jahrzehnt habe ich einen artikel über impfungen für &quot; the new yorker &quot; geschrieben , einen kleinen artikel .
about a decade ago , i wrote a story about vaccines for the new yorker . a little story .
about a decade ago , i wrote an article about vaccine for &quot; the new yorker , &quot; a little article .
about a decade ago , i wrote an article about vaccine for the new yorker , a little article .

die elektronikindustrie hatte ein dutzend komponenten und sehen sie sich die vielfalt an die daraus entstand .
the electronics industry only had a dozen or so components , and look at the diversity that came out of that .
the electronics had a dozen component , and you can see the diversity of this came from .
the electronics industry had a dozen components , and you can see the diversity of it .

niemals einen fehler machen , niemand macht sich jedoch über die details gedanken , wie dies bewerkstelligt werden soll .
never ever , ever make a mistake , but you worry about the details , about how that &apos;s going to happen .
never make a mistake , no one &apos;s doing the details about the details of how to do this .
never make a mistake , no one does think about the details of how this should be accomplished .

zum beispiel hier , das ist herr dimitry golubow aus kiew in der ukraine .
like here , we have mr. dimitry golubov from the city of kiev in ukraine .
for example , this is mr. divry goluboubow bow from kshow in the ukraine .
for example , this is mr. dimitry golbow from kiew in ukraine .

sie eröffnete ein computergeschäft , machte dann eine kosmetikerausbildung und eröffnete noch ein geschäft .
she opened a computer store then studied to be a beautician and opened another business .
she opened a computer business , then made a cosmetic education and opened a business .
she opened a computer business , then made a cosmetic education and opened a business .

wir sind soweit , mit unserem industriepartner dieses gerät vorzustellen , dieses neue exoskelett in diesem jahr .
we are ready with our industry partner to introduce this device , this new exoskeleton this year .
we &apos;re so far , with our industrial partner this device , this new exoskeleton in this year .
we &apos;re far away with our industrial partners of this device , this new exoskeletal skeleton in this year .

bei einer gefangennahme hätten erst meine schwester und ich , dann sie selbst und meine großmutter davon getrunken .
if we were captured , first my sister and i , then she and my grandmother would drink .
in a prisoner , my sister and i had my sister , and then i had her self and my grandmother of it .
in a prisoner , my sister had only my sister and i , and then they myself and my grandmother of it .

und mein kopf wurde schwach über dieses verkochte stück köstlichen fischs , das ich am vorabend hatte .
and my head was swooning over that overcooked piece of delicious fish i had the night before .
and my head was weak over this piece of delicious fishery that i had on the evening .
and my head became weak over this piece of chef fishery fishery that i had at the evening .

sie sie sind fürchterlich frustriert mit ihr , aber sie beschweren sich nicht darüber , sie reparieren sie .
they are frustrated as hell with it , but they &apos;re not complaining about it , they &apos;re fixing it .
they &apos;re terrible frustrating with their , but they don &apos;t commit to them , they repair them .
they &apos;re terribly frustrated with her , but they don &apos;t act to repair them .

so habe ich zum beispiel mit menschen gearbeitet , die siamesische zwillinge sind , zwei menschen in einem körper .
so some of what i &apos;ve worked on , for example , is people who are conjoined twins -- two people within one body .
so , for example , i &apos;ve been working with people who are sidemic twins , two people in a body .
so , for example , i worked with people who are siamesian twins , two people in a body .

nun , wohlgemerkt , möchte ich bestimmte trennungen aufrechterhalten , anatomisch gesehen , in unserer kultur .
now mind you , i want to maintain some divisions , anatomically , in our culture .
well , well-being , i want to think about certain separations , anatomically , in our culture .
well , thank you very much , i want to hold certain separations , anatomic , in our culture .

in der gesamten stadt findet sich seit fünf jahren keine anzeigentafel , kein poster , keine flyer , nichts .
in the entire city for the past five years , there &apos;s no billboards , there &apos;s no posters , there &apos;s no fliers , nothing .
in the entire city , five years ago , no lane afel , no poster , no flyer , nothing .
in the entire city , for five years , no time , no poster , no poster , no flyer , nothing .

ich sah sie also gleich an , und sie sagten : &quot; kein problem , wir haben wohl ein paar vögel erwischt . &quot;
so i looked at them right away , and they said , &quot; no problem . we probably hit some birds . &quot;
so i looked at her in the same way , and they said , &quot; no problem , we &apos;ve probably got some birds . &quot;
so i saw them in the same way , and they said , &quot; no problem , we probably got a few birds . &quot;

ich wusste nicht , was ich tun sollte , also tat ich einfach was ich immer tue , ich schrieb einen artikel und fuhr fort .
i didn &apos;t know what to do , so i just did what i do : i wrote a story and i moved on .
i didn &apos;t know what i should do , so i just did what i do , i wrote an article and i went on .
i didn &apos;t know what i should do , so i just did whatever i do , i wrote a article and i went on .

während der eisberg schmilzt setzt er mineralstoffreiches trinkwasser frei , das viele lebensformen nährt .
as the iceberg melts , it is releasing mineral-rich fresh water that nourishes many forms of life .
during the ice sheet , it puts mineral fertility drinking drinking drinking water that creates many forms of life .
while the iceberg puts minerals minerals mineral drinking drinking drinking water , which is a lot of lifeforms .

üben sie das zum beispiel , wenn sie mal einem menschen begegnen , dem sie dann sagen können , es gibt keine vorhersager .
practice it when you meet a person and then say , there are no predictors .
practice , for example , if you meet one person who you can say , there &apos;s no predictions .
do that for example , if you meet a person you can say , there &apos;s no prediction .

&quot; moneyball &quot; erscheint bald und dreht sich um statistiken und um diese zu nutzen ein großartiges baseball team aufzustellen .
&quot; moneyball &quot; is about to come out , and it &apos;s all about statistics and using statistics to build a great baseball team .
&quot; moneyball &quot; appears soon , &quot; and it turns out to be statistics and to use these to use a great baseball team .
&quot; moneyeyball appears soon , and it turns out to be statistics and to use this great baseball team .

nun müssen sie wissen , dass die inuit keine angst vor der kälte haben . sie nutzten sie zu ihrem vorteil .
now , you must understand that the inuit did not fear the cold ; they took advantage of it .
now , you have to know that the inuit doesn &apos;t have fear of the cold . they used to use their advantage .
now you have to know that the inuit doesn &apos;t have a fear of the elders . they used them to their advantage .

ich rede über terrorismus , die zeit gegen ende der rekonstruktion , bis hin zum beginn des 2. weltkrieges .
i tell them about terrorism , the era that began at the end of reconstruction that went on to world war ii .
i &apos;m talking about terrorism , the time against reconstruction , until the beginning of the world war ii .
i &apos;m talking about terrorism , the time against the reconstruction of reconstruction , until the beginning of the world war .

in den 60er jahren wurde in großbritannien eine fallstudie durchgeführt . damals wurden gymnasien in gesamtschulen umgewandelt .
there was a case study done in 1960s britain , when they were moving from grammar schools to comprehensive schools .
in the &apos; 60s , in the u.k. , a parachute study was done at the age of north asia in total schools .
in the &apos; 60s , in the u.k. , a case study was done in the united states , and at the time , gymum asia was transformed in total schools .

das leiden tibets kann unerträglich sein , aber der erlösende geist der menschen ist etwas unvergessliches .
the pain of tibet can be impossible to bear , but the redemptive spirit of the people is something to behold .
the suffering can be inadequate , but the enabled spirit of people is something unhealthy .
the suffering can be uncomfortable , but the error spirit of people is something unhealthy .

ich bin 52 jahre alt und ich gestehe , dass ich noch nie einen tropfen alkohol getrunken habe .
but i &apos;m 52 years old , and i &apos;m going to admit to you that i &apos;ve never had a drop of alcohol .
i &apos;m 52 years old , and i &apos;m standing on that i &apos;ve never had a tropical alcohol .
i &apos;m 52 years old , and i don &apos;t have a drop of dry coalcohol .

seit jahren schon , weil ich an intersexualität interessiert war , habe ich mich auch für forschung im bereich der geschlechterdifferenz interessiert .
now for years , because i &apos;ve been interested in intersex , i &apos;ve also been interested in sex difference research .
for years , since i &apos;ve been interested in sexality , i &apos;ve also been interested in the field of gender .
for years , because i &apos;ve been interested in sexual sexuality , i &apos;ve been interested in research in the field of gender .

nun machten sie das zum teil , weil sie teil eines aufklärerischen systems waren , in dem zwei dinge gemeinsam heranwuchsen .
now they were doing it in part because they were part of an enlightenment system where two things were growing up together .
now they made this part because they were part of an enlightenment system where two things grew together .
now they did the part because they were part of an enlightenment system where two things grew together .

laut herodotus wurden spiele , genauer würfelspiele , im königreich lydien während einer hungersnot erfunden .
herodotus says that games , particularly dice games , were invented in the kingdom of lydia during a time of famine .
according to herootus games , more worthy games , in the kingdom of a famine when a famine was invented .
according to herotototototus , more worthine games , in the king poetry during a famine .

meine mutter mai war 18 , als ihr vater starb – schon in einer arrangierten ehe , schon mit zwei kleinen mädchen .
my mother , mai , was 18 when her father died -- already in an arranged marriage , already with two small girls .
my mother mai was 18 , when her father died -- already in an arranged marriage , with two little girls .
my mother mai was 18 when her father died -- already in an arranged marriage , with two little girls .

dies ist das offizielle dogma , das eine das wir alle für richtig halten , komplett falsch ist . es ist nicht wahr .
this is the official dogma , the one that we all take to be true , and it &apos;s all false . it is not true .
this is the official dogma that we all think is right , completely wrong . it &apos;s not true .
this is the official dogma that we all think we &apos;re all right , completely wrong . it &apos;s not true .

also habe ich ihn unterbrochen . ich sagte : &quot; miguel , wie kommt es , dass dein fisch so gut schmeckt ? &quot;
so i interrupted him . i said , &quot; miguel , what makes your fish taste so good ? &quot;
so i put it down . i said , &quot; miguel , how does it get your fish so well ? &quot;
so i put it down . i said , &quot; miley , how does it come out of your fish ? &quot;

ich kriege den gesamten überblick , kann jetzt hierauf filtern und kann sagen , zeig mir nur alle sache mit schokolade beispielsweise .
i get the entire overview , can filter this and can say , now show me all the things with chocolate , for example .
i can look at all the time , now on filters and say , just show me all the things with chocolate .
i &apos;m going to get the whole insight , and i can now tell you about it and say , well , all of the things with chocolate .

falls der abstrich , den man bekommt , ein sehr hoher energiepreis ist , dann können nur die reichen mithalten .
if the trade-off you get into is , &quot; let &apos;s make energy super expensive , &quot; then the rich can afford that .
if i &apos;m going to get it , it &apos;s a very high energy source of energy , it &apos;s only the rich mituna .
if the abroad i get , you get a very high energy source , you can only see the rich mice .

was wir allerdings tun , ist dass wir jeden von ihnen , mich eingeschlossen , in die welt aussenden mit dem anspruch perfekt zu sein .
what we do though is we send each one of them , including myself , out into the world with the admonition , be perfect .
but what we &apos;re doing is that we &apos;re embedded every one of them to be in the world with the perfect .
but what we &apos;re doing is that every one of them , including me to be in the world with the perfect thing .

spieler glauben immer daran , dass ein epischer sieg möglich ist , und dass es sich immer lohnt , es zu versuchen , und zwar gleich .
gamers always believe that an epic win is possible , and that it is always worth trying , and trying now .
player always believe that a episode is possible , and it &apos;s always worth trying to do it , and it &apos;s the same .
players always believe that an episode is possible , and that it &apos;s always worth trying to try and try to .

und wie wir sie verbrauchen würde scheinbar wichtig sein , aber das ist nicht die geschichte , die das erinnernde selbst für uns behält .
and how to spend it would seem to be relevant , but that is not the story that the remembering self keeps for us .
and as we need it , it would be important , but that &apos;s not the story that keeps the memory itself for us .
and as we need it to be very important , but that &apos;s not the story that &apos;s the memory of ourselves .

also , es stellt sich heraus , dass man jede der 17 varianten bei vollmond mitnimmt und sie singen zu einem in einer verschiedenen tonlage .
well , it turns out you take each of the 17 varieties in the night of a full moon , and it sings to you in a different key .
so , it turns out that you take every 17 variation in the full moon , and you sing them into a different quantities .
so , it turns out that you take every one of the 17 variants in complete moon and sing them into a different tons .

ich bin dazu gekommen , die gefühle von george burns zu verstehen , der in las vegas seine show in den 90er jahren vorführte .
i &apos;ve come to understand the sentiments of george burns , who was performing still in las vegas well into his 90s .
i got to understand the feelings of george burns , who was reading in las vegas in the &apos; 90s .
i &apos;ve come to understand the feelings of george burns that was reading in vegas in the &apos; 90s .

jeden tag geben sie + geben sie größenordnung etwa zwei gramm phosphor ab und jeden tag müssen sie zwei gramm phosphor aufnehmen .
every day you release + you release in the region of two grams of phosphorus and every day you have to absorb two grams of phosphorus .
every day , they give you large-scale , you give about two grams of phosphorus , and every day they have to take two phosphorus .
every day , they give them large-scale , they spend about two grams of phosphorus , and every day they have to take two phosphorus .

was passiert war , war dass sich der kreis geschlossen hatte , es war ein kreis geworden – und die offenbarung von der ich gesprochen habe zeigte sich .
and what had happened was the circle had closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany i talked about presented itself .
what happened was that the circle was closed , it was a circle -- and the openness of which i talked about .
what happened was that the circle was closed , it was a circle -- and the openness i talked about .

bill , ich glaube ich spreche für fast alle menschen hier , wenn ich sage , ich hoffe wirklich , dass ihr wunsch wahr wird . vielen , vielen dank .
well bill , i suspect i speak on the behalf of most people here to say i really hope your wish comes true . thank you so much .
bill , i think , for almost all people here , if i say , i really hope you will be true . thank you very much .
bill , i think i &apos;m talking for almost all of the people here when i say , i really hope that your wish is true . thank you very much .

jeder ton , jede phrase bekommt damit einen sinn , weil ich es selbst empfinde , weil es aus meinem jetzt persönlich gelebten entspringt .
every note , every phrase is thus given a sense , because i feel it myself , because it comes from what i &apos;ve personally experienced .
each sound , every phrase gets a sense of meaning because i feel it myself because it &apos;s made out of my personal jump now .
every sound , every phrase gets a sense , because i think it &apos;s self-recommended , because it &apos;s made out of my personally .

also , es geht so , genau hier , wo mein fleisch anfängt , am unteren teil meines arms werde ich einfach einen kleinen einstich machen .
so , here is what happens , right here , the beginning of my flesh at the lower part of my arm i just make a little pierce .
so , it &apos;s like this , right here , where my meat begins , at the bottom of my arm , i &apos;m just going to do a little bit .
so , it &apos;s like this , right here , where my meat begins at the bottom of my arm , i &apos;m just going to do a little bit .

das bedeutet für ein kind , das es bis zum erreichen des der der großjährigkeit die meiste zeit seines lebens mit der rezeption von geschichten verbracht hat .
that means that once a child has reached the the the age of legal majority , it has spent most of its life receiving stories .
that means for a child to achieve until the most of the year of the year , most of his life has spent with receptions of stories .
that means for a child that has been able to reach to the achievement of the greatest time of his life with receptions of stories .

wir bringen unsere kinder und uns näher an die natürliche welt heran und an den zauber , spaß und die liebe unserer kindheit durch das einfache medium einer geschichte .
we &apos;re bringing our children and ourselves closer to the natural world and that magic and joy and childhood love that we had through the simple medium of a story .
we bring our kids and closer to the natural world and the magic world and fun , and the love of our childhood through the simple medium of a story .
we bring our kids and we &apos;re closer to the natural world and on the magic , fun and the love of our childhood through the simple medium of a story .

ab und zu rief frau carr mich dann an und sagte : » bryan , frau parks kommt in die stadt . wir wollen uns unterhalten .
and every now and then ms. carr would call me , and she &apos;d say , &quot; bryan , ms. parks is coming to town . we &apos;re going to get together and talk .
and then the woman called carr me and said , &quot; bryan , parks come to the city . we want to teach us .
and then , to my wife , carr called me and said , &quot; bryan , woman &apos;s parks come to the city . we want to stop .

denn dazuzugehören kann so leicht zum kollaps der horizonte führen , kann so leicht bedeuten , dass man die annahmen der umgebung akzeptiert .
because being an insider can so easily mean collapsing the horizons , can so easily mean accepting the presumptions of your province .
because access to ingredients can lead to the horizon of the horizon , so easy to mean that you would accept the assumptions of the environment .
because agrees can be so easy to lead to the column of the horizon , so easy that you accept the environment of the environment .

natürlich wird es dort festgehalten , aber nicht durch den magnetismus meines körpers , sondern durch einen trick , durch meinen zeigefinger , der jetzt dort ist .
obviously it &apos;s clinging there , not by animal magnetism , but by chicanery , my index finger being there .
of course , it &apos;s kept there , but not through the magnetic tism of my body , but through a trick , through my finger , which is now there .
of course , it &apos;s held there , but not by the magnetism of my body , but through a trick , through my line , which is now there .

ich werde nicht ins detail gehen . sie ist heutzutage nicht mehr schmerzhaft , aber sie war schmerzhaft , als diese studie in den 1990ern durchgeführt wurde .
i won &apos;t go into detail . it &apos;s no longer painful these days , but it was painful when this study was run in the 1990s .
i &apos;m not going to go into detail . she &apos;s not more painful today , but she was painful than this study was done in 1990s .
i &apos;m not going to go into the detail . it &apos;s not more painful today , but it was painful when this study was done in the 1990s .

es scheint als würde unsere kultur eine art pragmatische haltung einnehmen : &quot; gut , wir müssen irgendwo eine linie ziehen , also ziehen wir sie irgendwo . &quot;
it seems like what happens in our culture is a sort of pragmatic attitude : &quot; well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we will draw the line somewhere . &quot;
it seems like our culture might take a kind of pragmatic posture , &quot; well , we need to pull a line somewhere somewhere , so we pull it somewhere . &quot;
it seems like our culture would take a kind of pragmatic posture : &quot; well , we need to pull a line somewhere , so we pull them somewhere . &quot;

als steve lopez , kolumnist der los angeles times , eines tages durch die straßen im zentrum von los angeles ging , hörte er eine wundervolle musik .
one day , los angeles times columnist steve lopez was walking along the streets of downtown los angeles when he heard beautiful music .
as steve lopez , the los angeles of los angeles , one day in the streets of los angeles went to los angeles , he heard a wonderful music .
when steve lopez , colonian times the los angeles , one day went through the streets of los angeles , he heard a wonderful music .

aber ein lippenstift , selbst bei dieser beleuchtung , kann ich ihnen sagen , ist völlig ineffizient , aber ganz und gar effektiv , ja ?
but i can tell you , even in this light , that lipstick is totally inefficient , but very effective , you see ?
but a license , even at this lighting , i can tell you , is completely inefficient , but effective , right ?
but a lipper , even at this lighting , i can tell you , is completely efficient , but in fact , effective ?

was ich weiß , ist , dass es wirklich wichtig scheint , über die idee nachzudenken , dass die usa darin führend ist , sich gedanken über fragen der demokratie zu machen .
what i do know is that it seems to be really important to think about the idea of the united states being in the lead of thinking about this issue of democracy .
what i know is that it seems really important to think about the idea that the united states is leading to making questions about democracy .
what i know is that it seems really important to think about the idea that the united states is leading to think about democracy .

sie ist eine der veranstalterinnen hier von dieser großartigen veranstaltung und hat mich gefragt , ob ich hier einen vortrag halten wolle und meine idee preisgeben .
she &apos;s one of the organizers of this wonderful event and asked me to hold a presentation and present my idea .
she &apos;s one of the most amazing events here from this great event , and she asked me if i hold a talk here , and my idea .
she &apos;s one of the ages of this great event , and she asked me if i hold a cloud and give my idea .

patient b hat eindeutig mehr gelitten . seine darmspiegelung war länger , und jede minute von schmerz , die patient a hatte hatte patient b , und mehr .
clearly , patient b suffered more -- his colonoscopy was longer , and every minute of pain that patient a had , patient b had , and more .
patient has clearly been more listed . his gut reflection was longer , and every minute of pain that had pain , patient had a patient , and more .
patient &apos;s clearly listed more . his darkness was longer , and every minute of pain that patient had a patient , b , and more .

und ich kann das aus dem grund sagen , dass wir jetzt in einer epidemie der furcht leben , wie ich sie noch nie gesehen habe und hoffentlich nie wieder sehen werde .
and the reason that i can say that is because we &apos;re now in an epidemic of fear like one i &apos;ve never seen and hope never to see again .
and i can say this out of the reason that we &apos;re now living in an epidemic of fear of fear of how i &apos;ve never seen them , and hopefully never will see again .
and i can say this for the reason that we now live in an epidemic of life , as i &apos;ve never seen it , and hopefully never going to see it again .

und wenn man als informierter bürger auch sinnvolle entscheidungen in der gesellschaft treffen können will und mitreden können will , dann braucht man den zugang zum wissen und zur technologie .
and if , as an informed citizen , you wish to make useful choices in society and want to take part in the discussion , you need access to the knowledge and the technology .
and if you can also make sense as an informed citizen and meaningful decisions in society , and you want to talk to you , then you need access to knowledge and knowledge to technology .
and if you want to meet as an informed citizen decisions in society and talk , you want to talk to be able to talk and talk to the knowledge of technology .

und man hätte sie sie mit staatlichen leistungen verbinden können , wenn diese benötigt worden wären , aber ein nachbar ist eine weit bessere und billigere alternative zu staatlichen dienstleistungen .
and it could have connected them with government services if they &apos;d been needed , but a neighbor is a far better and cheaper alternative to government services .
and you could have combine them with government services , if these were needed , but a neighbor is a far better and cheap alternative services .
and you could connect them with government services if these were needed to be able to be a better and cheap alternative services .

bedenken sie nur , dass ein massai-krieger mit einem handy in der mitte von kenia eine bessere mobil-kommunikation hat als präsident reagan vor 25 jahren .
think about it , that a masai warrior on a cellphone in the middle of kenya has better mobile comm than president reagan did 25 years ago .
just think that a massage war with a mobile phone in the middle of kenya has a better mobile communication than president reagan years ago .
just think that a massaian war with a cell phone in the middle of kenya has a better mobile communication than president reagan 25 years ago .

ich verschickte ein paar facebook-nachrichten , einige twitter-nachrichten , und ich gab leuten die möglichkeit , die namensrechte an meinem tedtalk 2011 zu erstehen .
i sent out some facebook messages , some twitter messages , and i gave people the opportunity to buy the naming rights to my 2011 ted talk .
i sent some facebook messages , some twitter news messages , and i gave people the opportunity to stand up on my tedtalk in 2011 .
i sent a few facebook messages , some twitter news , and i gave people the opportunity to stand on my tedtalk on ted2011 .

die grundidee dieser firma war es , die phase analoger prozesse mit optischen druckern etc. zu überspringen und gleich mit digitalen produktionen zu beginnen .
and the concept of the company was that we would leapfrog past the analog processes of optical printers and so on , and we would go right to digital production .
the grassroots of this company was to translate the analoger phase of visual printing printing printing print and start with digital productions .
the basic dedication of this company was to break the analogy processes with optical prints and start to start with digital products .

ich persönlich finde. dass es einfacher ist , einen ort zu kreieren , als einen ort zu finden , denn man muss keine kompromisse eingehen mit den ideen in seinem kopf .
i personally think that it &apos;s easier to actually create a place than to find a place , because then you don &apos;t need to compromise with the ideas in your head .
personally , it &apos;s easier to create a place than find a place , because you don &apos;t have to go in with the ideas in your head .
personally , i think it &apos;s easier to create a place as a place to find a place , because you don &apos;t have to compromise with the ideas in your head .

wir sind also nicht nur dafür verantwortlich , die menschen die wir lieben , vor schicksalsschlägen zu bewahren , sondern sie auch darauf vorzubereiten , gut damit klar zu kommen .
so , our responsibility is not simply shielding those we care for from adversity , but preparing them to meet it well .
so we &apos;re not just responsible for preserving people we love to preserve sales , but they also prefer to get very well .
so we &apos;re not just responsible for the people we love to preserve salt sales , but they also pretend to be good for it .

aber dann passierte ein anderer , sehr interessanter schritt , bei dem die dinge komplett anders wurden . nämlich begannen diese zellen zu kommunizieren und informationen auszutauschen , so dass gemeinschaften von zellen entstanden .
but then there was another really interesting step where things became completely different , which is these cells started exchanging and communicating information , so that they began to get communities of cells .
but then another thing happened , very interesting step , where things were completely different . because these cells began to communicate and exchange information , so that communities came from cells .
but then another thing happened , very interesting step , where things were completely different , because these cells began to communicate , and they started to trade information so that communities came from cells .

ich kann heute die klangvorstellungen , die der bach gehabt hat , auf dem modernen flügel zum klingen bringen , was ein barockes cembalo nicht kann .
i can make bach &apos;s tonal ideas sound on a modern grand piano in such a way that a baroque harpsichord was not able to .
i can &apos;t tell you the sounds that the bach would have , on the modern wing of modern wing to sound , which can &apos;t be a baroque cembalcons .
i can &apos;t get the claim today that the bach that &apos;s got on the modern wing to the sound , which can &apos;t get a baroque balcony .

jacques cousteau kam in unsere wohnzimmer mit seinen faszinierenden sendungen , die uns tiere und orte und eine welt voller wunder zeigten , die wir uns vorher nie hätten vorstellen können .
jacques cousteau was coming into our living rooms with his amazing specials that showed us animals and places and a wondrous world that we could never really have previously imagined .
jacques cousteau came to our living room with his fascinating sensations that gave us animals and places and a world full of wonder that we could never imagine before .
jacques cousteau came into our living room with his fascinating sticks that showed us animals and places and places that we could never have imagined before .

es hängt einen dritten satz an , der gar nichts mit den ersten beiden sätzen zu tun hat und der so tut , als wäre das gegenteil des ersten satzes schon bewiesen und vorausgesetzt .
because we &apos;d really have to prove whether the soul exists or not .
it depends on a third sentence that has nothing to do with the first two columns , and the one is doing as the opposite of the first sentence and predicted .
it depends on a third sentence that has nothing to do with the first two branches , and that &apos;s what the opposite would be the first opposite of the first thing .

dass unser system auch einen preisanstieg hat , liegt daran , dass wir ja noch zwanzig prozent mit diesel machen und auch eine preissteigerung auf die anderen sachen nicht durchschlagen .
the fact that our system has an increase in price is due to the fact that we still use twenty percent diesel fuel and a control of the price increase doesn &apos;t break through to the other things .
that our system also has a price increase , it &apos;s because we &apos;re still doing 20 percent with el , and we also do a price increase in the other things .
that our system also has a sanitary increase , because we &apos;re going to have 20 percent of the el , and we &apos;re also going to have a price on the other things .

nicht nur aus darwins werk wissen wir , dass die fähigkeit des menschen , zu überleben und aufzublühen , vom kampf des menschlichen geistes bestimmt ist , sich durch konflikte zu wandeln .
from darwin &apos;s work , amongst others , we can recognize that the human ability to survive and flourish is driven by the struggle of the human spirit through conflict into transformation .
not only from darwin &apos;s work , we know that the ability to survive , to survive and to survive , from the fight of the human spirit , is determined by conflicts .
not only from darwinian work , we know that the ability to survive , to survive and to survive from the struggle of human mind is determined by conflict .

mein aufruf an alle , die heute fliegen , ist : stellen sie sich vor , dasselbe passiert auf ihrem flug – bitte nicht – aber stellen sie es sich vor ; und wie würden sie sich ändern ?
i challenge you guys that are flying today , imagine the same thing happens on your plane -- and please don &apos;t -- but imagine , and how would you change ?
my call on all the tracks that fly today is : imagine the same thing happening on your flight -- not please -- but imagine it ; and how would you change ?
my call of all of my call that flies today is : do you imagine the same thing happening on your flight -- please not -- but imagine it ; and how would you change ?

es verlangt , dass wir alle unsere sinne auf die aufgabe richten und , dass wir unser denken optimal verwenden , wie unsere gefühle und unser tun , in der herausforderung , die vor uns liegt .
it demands that we bring all of our senses to the task , and that we apply the very best of our thinking , our feeling and our doing to the challenge that we have at hand .
it suggests that we &apos;re all focused on the task , and we &apos;re using our thinking of optimally , like our emotions and our emotions , in the challenge that we are in front of us .
it turns out that we &apos;re all doing our senses in the task , and that we think we &apos;re using our optimal thinking about how our emotions and our emotions are doing , in the challenge that lies us .

die nutzdaten werden in die graue box transferiert , beschädigen die zentrifuge und das iranische kernenergie-programm verzögert sich – auftrag ausgeführt .
the payload goes onto the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the iranian nuclear program is delayed -- mission accomplished .
the data is transferred into the gray box , protected the centrifuge and the iranian nuclear energy source program .
the use of data is transferred into the gray box , protecting the centrifuge and the iranian energy program -- turns out .

also ist es genau so wie in hollywoodfilmen , wo während der verfolgungsjagd die überwachungskamera mit vorher aufgenommenem videoaufnahmen gefüttert wird .
so it &apos;s just like from the hollywood movies where during the heist , the observation camera is fed with prerecorded video .
so it &apos;s just like in harbor filmmaker , where the following jail is the surveillance of the surveillance of video recording video records .
so it &apos;s just like in hillary filmmaking , where the devastating jagging is given to the overwhelming video video recording .

und wir bogen um die ecke und uns bot sich der unglaublichste anblick , tausende und abertausende pinker flamingos , ein buchstäblich pinker teppich so weit das auge reicht .
and we rounded the corner and saw the most amazing sight : thousands and thousands of pink flamingos , a literal pink carpet for as far as you could see .
and we &apos;re looking around the corner , and we &apos;ve got the most incredible view of thousands of times , and thousands of pink flames flames , literally a pink carpet , so far that i can do the eye .
and we went around the corner , and we wanted to look at the most incredible looking at thousands and thousands and thousands of pinker flesgos , literally a petropical pepper so far as far as far as the eye .

nimm zwei programme und sie produzieren kinder durch den austausch ihrer subroutinen , und die kinder vererben die merkmale der subroutinen von den zwei programmen .
take two programs and they produce children by exchanging their subroutines , and the children inherit the traits of the subroutines of the two programs .
take two programs , and they produce kids through the exchange of their soup , and the kids get the features of the sumatees of the supreme code of two programs .
take two programs , and they produce kids through the audacious of their soul , and the kids are feeding the features of the subrush of two programs .

hier im bild links oben sieht man bio<unk> , das ist ein hackerspace , also im prinzip eine art schule , so eine private schule , gemeinnützige verein einrichtung , wo jeder hinkommen kann .
this picture on the left is of biocurious , that &apos;s a hackerspace , so a kind of school , a private school , a non-profit <<unk>> institution , where anybody can go to .
here on the left , you can see bio-bio-bio-like space , so basically a kind of school , a private school , a private school , a nonprofit , where everybody can come from .
so here on the left , you see biomass , this is a hacker space , so basically a kind of school , a private school , a private school , a nonprofit direction where everybody can come from .

arbeit -- wir sind gesegnet , wie carl verdeutlicht hat , mit der technology die uns ermöglicht jede minute von jedem tag von jedem platz auf dem planeten zu arbeiten -- bis auf das randolph hotel .
work -- we are blessed , as carl was pointing out , with the technology that enables us to work every minute of every day from any place on the planet -- except the randolph hotel .
work -- we are laws , like carl germanner , with the technology that allows us to work every minute of every day on the planet -- until the randolph hotel .
work -- we &apos;re blessed , like carl german , who allows us to work on every minute of every day on the planet -- until the randoma hotel hotel hotel .

sie schufen eine 11.000 hektar fischaufzucht -- barsch , meeräsche , garnele , aal -- und dabei haben miguel und seine firma die ökologische zerstörung komplett umgekehrt .
they created a 27,000-acre fish farm -- bass , mullet , shrimp , eel -- and in the process , miguel and this company completely reversed the ecological destruction .
they created an 11,000 hectar of fish -- barbarrels , sea garnels , peaal -- and they have miguel and his company completely reversal .
they created a 11,000 hectar fish -- barrier , sea , garnels , gardal , aal -- and they have benign and his company completely destroyed the ecological destruction .

daher haben wir uns entschlossen , dass es der einzige weg nach vorne ist dieses chromosom tatsächlich zu synthetisieren was uns erlaubt die einzelnen komponenten zu variieren und somit einige dieser fundamentalen fragen zu stellen .
so we decided the only way forward was to actually synthesize this chromosome so we could vary the components to ask some of these most fundamental questions .
so we decided that it &apos;s the only way to synthesize this chromosome , to actually synthesize what allows us to transform the individual components and ask some of these fundamental questions .
so we decided that it &apos;s the only way to the front of this chromosome , in fact , to synthesize what allows us to make the individual components and to ask some of these fundamental questions .

zuerst einmal , für kinder in den usa sind 10.080 stunden die genaue gesamtzeit , die sie in der schule verbringen , von der 5. klasse bis zum abschluss der high school - wenn man niemals fehlt .
first of all , for children in the united states 10,080 hours is the exact amount of time you will spend in school from fifth grade to high school graduation if you have perfect attendance .
first of all , for kids in the united states , 100,000 hours are the accuracy of the accuracy that they spend in school , from 55th grade , until high school high school -- if you never leave .
first of all , for kids in the united states , there are 100,000,000,000-hours of the extent that they spend in school , from the school , from 55 grade to high high school -- if you never fat .

bei archaebakterien ist das chromosom in die zelle integriert aber erst kürzlich haben wir gezeigt , dass man eine komplette transplantation eines chromosoms von einer zelle zur anderen vornehmen kann und diese aktivieren kann .
with bacteria and archaea , the chromosome is integrated into the cell , but we recently showed that we can do a complete transplant of a chromosome from one cell to another and activate it .
in archaebacteria , the chromosome is integrated in the cell , but we recently showed that you can take a complete transplant transplant of a chromosome cell for another cell , and that activist .
in archaebacterial , the chromosome is integrated in the cell , but we &apos;ve just recently shown that you can take a complete transplant of a chromosome from a chromosomes to another cell , and that activate activation .

und letzte woche in einem treffen mit niederländischen regierungsvertretern stellte ich einem der leitenden dieser gruppe die frage , ob er es für möglich hielte , dass aufgrund des diginotar-hacks leute gestorben waren .
and i asked last week in a meeting with dutch government representatives , i asked one of the leaders of the team whether he found plausible that people died because of the diginotar hack .
and last week in a meeting with a dedicated government , i asked one of the lighter of these group , whether it could be possible for hide because of the infancy people died .
and last week in a meeting with netherlands , i asked one of the people to ask if he could make it possible because of the intangible hacks .

wenn ich nun eine andere technologie aufzeichnen will , sagen wir mal eine transporttechnologie , dann würde das auf der semi-logarithmischen skala sehr unvernünftig daherkommen , in form einer flachen linie .
now if i graph , for instance , some other technology , say transportation technology , on a semi-log curve , it would look very stupid , it would look like a flat line .
now , if i want to draw another technology , let &apos;s say a transportation technology , that would be based on the semi-logarithmic scale scale , very unreasonable in a flat line .
now , if i want to draw a different technology , let &apos;s say a transportation technology , that would come to the semi-logarithmic logarithmic scale , in a flat line .

und jetzt kommen wir in die nächste generation und das spannende ist , so ein generationswechsel ist nur alle paar hundert jahre und wir sind im moment wirklich in dieser in dieser phänomenalen phase , dass wir sowas mitmachen .
and now we &apos;re going into the next generation and the exciting thing about it is that a transition into a new generation only happens every few hundred years and so we &apos;re really in this in this phenomenal phase at the moment , the fact that we &apos;re experiencing it .
and now we &apos;re coming into the next generation , and the exciting thing is that a generative change is just a few hundred years , and we &apos;re really in this phenomenon , in this phenomenal phase that we &apos;re doing .
and now we &apos;re coming into the next generation and the exciting thing , so a generational shift is just a few hundred years , and we &apos;re really in the moment in this phenomenal phase that we &apos;re doing something like this .

das ist ein zustand in dem das herz versagt , anstatt das gesamte blut weiter zu pumpen , setzt sich ein teil des blutes in der lunge fest und füllt diese allmählich , daher kam die kurzatmigkeit .
this is a condition in which the heart fails , and instead of being able to pump all the blood forward , some of the blood backs up into the lung , the lungs fill up with blood , and that &apos;s why you have shortness of breath .
this is a state in which the heart says , instead of pumping the entire blood vessels , a part of the flower in the lung , and that whole mice came out , so the short-term .
this is a state in the heart of the heart , instead of pumping the entire blood further , a part of the flower in the lung in the lung , and it fills these mics that came to the shorthroom .

wenn ich weiß , etwas dauert drei sekunden , bis ich sozusagen aus der gegenwart in die vergangenheitsschleife , dann kann ich eben auch sehr gut wartezeiten überbrücken , in dem ich ihn indem ich jemand immer mit drei sekunden beschäftige .
if i know something takes three seconds , until i slide from the present into the past so to speak , then i am well capable of bridging waiting times , in that he in that i keep someone occupied for three seconds .
if i know something that takes three seconds , until i have a little bit of the present in the past cardiovascular loop , i can actually overcome very good times when i run it by doing it with three seconds .
if i know something that takes three seconds , until i sort of go out of the present in the past , i can also overcome very good at the time , in which i always do it with three seconds .

vor ein paar jahren ging ich in der stadt , in der ich aufgewachsen war , in einen lebensmittelmarkt in jener &quot; red zone &quot; im nordosten von pennsylvania , und ich stand da vor einem scheffel tomaten .
a few years ago , i was in a food market in the town where i grew up in that red zone in northeastern pennsylvania , and i was standing over a bushel of tomatoes .
a couple of years ago , i went to the city where i was growing , in a food market in this red market , &quot; in the northeast zone of pennsylvania , and i was standing there in front of a printing tomatomato .
a few years ago , i went to the city where i was growing up in a living market in the red zone in northeast , in the northeast of pennsylvania , and i stood in front of a shore .

bg : genau . heute müssen sie den reaktor immer neu befüllen , also gibt es viele leute und viele kontrollen , die schief gehen können . dieses ding wo man ihn öffnet und sachen hinein- oder herausbringt . das ist nicht gut !
bg : that &apos;s right . today , you &apos;re always refueling the reactor , so you have lots of people and lots of controls that can go wrong : that thing where you &apos;re opening it up and moving things in and out , that &apos;s not good .
bg : right . now you have to restore the reactor , so there are lots of people and lots of controls that can go wrong . where you open it and you put it out -- or you don &apos;t get it out .
bbg : right now , you have to restore the reactor today , so there &apos;s lots of people and lots of controls that can go wrong . this thing you can open it in and put it into it -- or not good .

einige bakterien haben herausgefunden , wie sie sich von penicillin fernhalten können und haben diese information zusammen mit anderen bakterien in die dna geschrieben und nun haben wir jede menge bakterien , welche resistent auf penicillin sind , weil die bakterien untereinander kommunizieren .
some bacteria figured out how to stay away from penicillin , and it went around sort of creating its little dna information with other bacteria , and now we have a lot of bacteria that are resistant to penicillin , because bacteria communicate .
some bacteria have found out how they can stay from penicillin and have these information together with other bacteria in the dna , and now we &apos;ve written a lot of bacteria that are resistant to penicillin , because bacteria communicate with each other .
some bacteria have figured out how to keep up from penicillin remote , and have written these information together with other bacteria in the dna , and now we have a lot of bacteria that are resistant to penicillin , because the bacteria communicate with each other .

in städtischen gemeinden überall im land – von los angeles über philadelphia , baltimore bis washington – sind 50 bis 60 prozent aller schwarzen jungen männer entweder in haft , im gefängnis , auf bewährung entlassen oder mit bedingter strafaussetzung .
in urban communities across this country -- los angeles , philadelphia , baltimore , washington -- 50 to 60 percent of all young men of color are in jail or prison or on probation or parole .
in urban communities all over the country -- from los angeles across philadelphia , baltimore baltiway to washington -- 50 to 60 percent of all the young black men are either in jail , in jail , in jail , or with discrimination .
in urban communities everywhere -- from los angeles to philadelphia , baltimore to washington -- are 50 to 60 percent of all young black young men either in jail , in prison , in prison or with no extent .

nun das faszinierende ist , dass die betakarboline , die in der liane enthalten sind , mao-inhibitoren von genau der art sind , die notwendig ist , um die tryptamine zu potenzieren . fragen sie sich also selbst .
now , the fascinating things are that the beta-carbolines found within that liana are mao inhibitors of the precise sort necessary to potentiate the tryptamine . so you ask yourself a question .
now the fascinating is that the betakar , who are contains in liane , mainhihihibitors of exactly the kind of thing that &apos;s necessary to ask the tamins of tamins . so they ask themselves .
now the fascinating thing is that the greeks that are contain in the liane , mao inhics are exactly the kind of the way that &apos;s necessary to potentially potentially potential . so they ask themselves .

seitdem habe ich ungefähr 70 workshops weltweit durchgeführt , mit studenten , entwicklern und architekten , sogar mit ctos der fortune-50-unternehmen und da ist etwas an dieser aufgabe , was tiefe eindrücke in die natur der zusammenarbeit ermöglicht und ich möchte einige davon mit ihnen teilen .
and since then , i &apos;ve conducted about 70 design workshops across the world with students and designers and architects , even the ctos of the fortune 50 , and there &apos;s something about this exercise that reveals very deep lessons about the nature of collaboration , and i &apos;d like to share some of them with you .
since then , i &apos;ve done about 70 shops around the world , with students , developers and architects , even with ctos &apos;s fortune , and there &apos;s something about this task , which is what &apos;s deep inside of nature , and i want to share some of them with them .
since then , i &apos;ve done about 70 workshops worldwide , with students , developers and architects , even with ctos of fortune 50-dollar companies , and there &apos;s something about this task , which enables the depth of nature , and i want to share some of them with them .

und für mich stellt sich die frage : was werden wir tun , da unsere wissenschaft solche fortschritte im bereich der anatomie macht , dass wir einen punkt erreichen , an dem wir zugeben müssen , dass eine demokratie , die auf anatomie beruht , auseinanderfallen könnte ?
and the question to me becomes : what do we do , as our science gets to be so good in looking at anatomy , that we reach the point where we have to admit that a democracy that &apos;s been based on anatomy might start falling apart ?
and for me , the question is : what are we going to do , because our science advances in the field of nuclear power , is that we have to reach a point where we have to admit that democracy could be a democracy that could occur in anatomy ?
and for me , the question is , what are we going to do , because our science is making such progress in the field of anatomy , that we have to reach a point where we need to be able to give democracy a democracy that could have a democracy in terms of anatomy ?

wir glauben , dass polemik -- wir glauben , dass polemik nicht überzeugend ist , aber wir glauben , dass geschichtenerzählen die welt verändern kann und somit sind wir wahrscheinlich die beste institution für geschichtenerzählen in der welt . unsere website erhält 35 millionen hits jeden monat .
we think that polemics -- -- we think that polemics are not persuasive , but we think that storytelling can change the world , and so we are probably the best storytelling institution in the world . we get 35 million hits on our website every month .
we believe that polemics -- we believe that poetry is not persuasive , but we believe that storytelling can change the world , and we &apos;re probably the best institution for the best institution in the world . our website gets 35 million people every month .
we think that polemics -- we believe that smallpok is not convinced , but we believe that storytelling can change the world , and so we &apos;re probably the best institution for storytelling in the world . our website will get 35 million dollars a month .

und es gab eine zeit in der es nur jeans einer art gab , und sie haben sie gekauft , und sie haben schlecht gepasst , sie waren unglaublich unkomfortabel und wenn sie sie lange genug getragen und oft genug gewaschen hatten , haben sie angefangen sich &quot; ok &quot; anzufühlen .
and there was a time when jeans came in one flavor , and you bought them , and they fit like crap , and they were incredibly uncomfortable , and if you wore them long enough and washed them enough times , they started to feel ok .
and there was a time in which there was only one kind of a species , and they bought them , and they were poor , they were incredibly unbelievable , and when they were wearing enough long enough and often enough , they started to feel ok . &quot;
and there was a time in which there was only one kind of jeans , and they bought them , and they had bad , they were incredibly uncomfortable , and if they had long enough complained enough , and often they had enough washing , &quot; ok . &quot;

eigentlich habe ich mich den größten teil meiner karriere dem anschein nach fürchterlichen situationen ausgesetzt , und das alles nur für den versuch , gesellschaftliche belang so zu untersuchen das sie fesselnd und interessant sind , und hoffentlich auf eine art verständlich , was sie für das publikum unterhaltsam und zugänglich macht .
in fact , most of my career , i &apos;ve been immersing myself into seemingly horrible situations for the whole goal of trying to examine societal issues in a way that make them engaging , that make them interesting , that hopefully break them down in a way that make them entertaining and accessible to an audience .
in fact , i &apos;ve put the biggest part of my career in a formal situations , and this is all for social attempts , trying to look at the social attempt that they &apos;re so interesting and interesting and hopefully , and hopefully , in a way , what they do for the audience and accessible .
in fact , i set up the biggest part of my career to a terrible situation , and that &apos;s all about trying to investigate all of the problems that they &apos;re so rare and interesting , and hopefully in a way that makes them accessible to the audience and make it accessible .

die leute hinten oder die , die das später irgendwann einmal auf video sehen , werden sagen , &quot; nun ja , das sieht ja recht eindrucksvoll aus , aber wenn es echt wäre , würde er - sehen sie , hier ist ein loch und dort , wenn es wirklich echt wäre , würde es bluten . &quot;
people in the back or people on video years from now watching this will go , &quot; well yeah , that looks kind of neat in some sort of effect there , but if it were real he would be -- see there &apos;s a hole there and a hole there , if it were real he would be bleeding .
the people back or the back or the people who are going to see this later on video later , they say , &quot; well , this is what it looks like , but if it was real , it would be real -- you can see here , there &apos;s a hole , and if it really would be really flown . &quot;
or the people in the back or the back , who will see that at some point later , they &apos;re going to say , &quot; well , that &apos;s right , but if it was real , it would be real -- it &apos;s a hole here , it &apos;s a hole , and if it &apos;s real , it would really be flowers . &quot;

das sind das hat eine mehr künstlerische ausrichtung , also da geht &apos; s sind viele künstler und philosophen und in zusammenarbeit mit wissenschaftlern damit beschäftigt , eben sich mit diesen technologien auseinanderzusetzen und fragen zu stellen und das kreativ zu verarbeiten , da gibt es museumsausstellungen und ja , alles mögliche .
those are it has a more arty character , so it &apos;s many artists and philosophers are working , together with scientists , on examining these technologies and asking questions and processing the knowledge creatively , there are museum exhibitions and , well , all sorts of things .
these are the ones that have a more artistic direction , so there &apos;s a lot of artists and philosophers and collaboration with scientists , working with scientists , trying to ask themselves to deal with these technologies and ask questions and ask them to be creative and creative , because there &apos;s a museum , and there &apos;s all kinds of things .
so this is a more artistic direction , so there &apos;s a lot of artists and philosophers and philosophers and collaboration with scientists to deal with these technologies and ask themselves to work with these technologies and to work out , and to work out the creative , because there &apos;s some kind of museum , and it &apos;s all sorts of possible .

das erste , wenn sie als kind groß werden , als baby , ist , dass sie sich drum kümmern was welche ausscheidungen sie so haben , ja ? und je nachdem , ob ihre eltern ihnen erlaubt haben , mehr oder weniger im töpfchen zu spielen und zu rühren , desto mehr , sozusagen , wird ihre neugierde natürlich geweckt dabei .
firstly , when you are growing up as a child , as a baby , the thing you are interested in is which what sort of excretions you have , right ? and depending on whether your parents have allowed you to more or less play with your potty and stir its contents , your curiosity is of course awakened .
the first thing you &apos;re going to do when you &apos;re going to be big as a child , as a baby , is that you care about what shells you have like , yes ? and depending on whether your parents allow them to play more or more or less at the end of the box , more their curiosity , of course , their curiosity , of course .
the first thing that you &apos;re going to become a child as a child , as a baby , is that you &apos;re going to take care of what failure do you have ? and the more if your parents have allowed to play more or less , or less in your parties , or less play , more of course , you &apos;re going to make your curiosity more curiosity .

das ergebnis ist -- wir nennen es &quot; patienten autonomie &quot; . das klingt wie eine gute sache , aber in der realität ist eine verschiebung der last der verantwortung für das treffen von entscheidungen von jemandem der etwas weiß -- namentlich der doktor -- zu jemandem der nichts weiß und höchstwahrscheinlich krank ist und deshalb nicht in der besten verfassung ist eine entscheidung zu treffen -- namentlich der patient .
and the result is -- we call it &quot; patient autonomy , &quot; which makes it sound like a good thing , but what it really is is a shifting of the burden and the responsibility for decision-making from somebody who knows something -- namely , the doctor -- to somebody who knows nothing and is almost certainly sick and thus not in the best shape to be making decisions -- namely , the patient .
the result is -- we call it &quot; patient autonomy . &quot; this sounds like a good thing , but in reality , there &apos;s a shift in reality for the responsibility for somebody who knows something about the choices of someone who knows something about the namely -- the doctor -- the doctor knows nothing , and probably not the highest thing , and that &apos;s not the best choice of the constitution .
the result is -- we call it &quot; patient autonomy . &quot; it sounds like a good thing , but in reality , the reality is a shift of making responsibility for someone who knows something about -- who knows something about -- who doesn &apos;t know anything about somebody who &apos;s dying , and so probably not the best decision is to make a decision .

und um die dimension zu zeigen , habe ich mir alle arten von batterien , die hergestellt werden , angeschaut : die für autos , computer , handys , taschenlampen , für alles . und das habe ich mit der menge der elektronischen energie , welche die welt nutzt , verglichen . ich fand heraus , dass alle batterien , die wir jetzt produzieren , weniger als 10 minuten der gesamtenergie lagern könnten .
and , to dimensionalize this , i went through and looked at all the types of batteries that get made -- for cars , for computers , for phones , for flashlights , for everything -- and compared that to the amount of electrical energy the world uses , and what i found is that all the batteries we make now could store less than 10 minutes of all the energy .
and to show the dimension , i &apos;ve made all kinds of batteries that are being made , looking for cars , computers , mobile phones , lamps , lamps , for everything . and that &apos;s what i used with the amount of electronic power that uses the world . i found that all the batteries that we &apos;ve been able to produce is less than 10 minutes of value .
and to show the dimension , i &apos;ve made all kinds of batteries that are made by batteries : the cars , computers , computers , cell phones , etc . for everything , and that i &apos;ve used to use with the electronic energy , which is that i found that all the batteries that we can produce less than 10 minutes .

das war natürlich nur ein einfacher trick von dr. p. , damit ich die übungen mache , die ich nicht machen wollte , mit der aussicht , dass reichste fünfjährige mädchen in der krankenstation im zweiten stock zu werden . aber er hat mich tatsächlich dazu gebracht , meinen täglichen übungs-horror mit neuen augen zu sehen . so wurde daraus ein neues und vielversprechendes erlebnis .
now , of course , this was a simple ploy on dr. p &apos;s part to get me to do the exercises i didn &apos;t want to do before the prospect of being the richest five-year-old in the second floor ward , but what he effectively did for me was reshape an awful daily occurrence into a new and promising experience for me .
now , of course , this was just a simple trick of dr. pie . so i did the practices that i didn &apos;t want to do with the point of view that i wanted to do with the point that the fact that five year-old girls are going to be in the second hospital , but he actually taught me to see my practice with a new kind of eyes . this was so a new experience of experience .
so , of course , this was just a simple trick of dr. p.p. so i did the practice that i didn &apos;t want to do with what i wanted to do with the point that five year-old girls in the second year , but he actually brought me to see me to see my practice of being a new day , and a new experience of seeing a new experience .

nun verwenden wir alle , oder viele von uns , gmail oder einen ihrer konkurrenten . doch diese dienste sind besonders verbreitet in totalitären staaten wie dem iran , wo dissidenten ausländische anbieter wie gmail verwenden , da sie wissen , dass sie denen mehr vertrauen können als lokalen anbietern und dass sie über ssl-verbindungen verschlüsselt sind , so dass die lokale regierung nicht in ihren gesprächen herumschnüffeln kann .
now we all , or a big part of us , use gmail or one of their competitors , but these services are especially popular in totalitarian states like iran , where dissidents use foreign services like gmail because they know they are more trustworthy than the local services and they are encrypted over ssl connections , so the local government can &apos;t snoop on their discussions .
now we all use , or many of us , or many of us , or a competing . but these services are particularly distributed in the state of iran , like iran , where they use longevic hives , as they know that they can use local confidence and more than they can be , that they can &apos;t be located in the local government , so much more than they can &apos;t compete that they can &apos;t compete in their government .
now we &apos;re all using , or many of us , or one of them , or one of them , or one of their competitors , but these competitors are especially distributed in iritarian states like the foreign authorities , as you know that they can use more than local authenticals , and that they can &apos;t use more to be able to be able to be able to be able to use the test over the test of the test government .

