warum ?
why ?
why ?
why ?

positiv .
positively .
positive .
positive .

vielen dank .
thank you very much .
thank you .
thank you .

danke schön .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

wir wissen das .
we know that .
we know that .
we know that .

das war unglaublich .
which was awesome .
that was incredible .
that was incredible .

die farm ist unglaublich .
the farm &apos;s incredible .
the farm is incredible .
the farm is incredible .

das bin ich sogar .
i actually am .
this is actually me .
that &apos;s me even .

er öffnet die tür .
he answers the door .
he opens the door .
he opens the door .

sie können hineingehen .
you can enter inside it .
you can go in .
they can go inside .

es fühlt sich großartig an .
it feels great .
it feels great .
it feels great .

und warum ist das so ?
and why is it true ?
and why is that ?
and why is that ?

seien sie ein mentor .
be a mentor .
be a mentor .
be a mentor .

und es wurde noch besser .
and it even got better .
and it got better .
and it became better .

wie funktionieren wir menschen eigentlich ?
how do we humans actually function ?
how do we actually work ?
how do we really work ?

was schaue ich mir an ?
what am i going to look at ?
what am i looking at ?
what do i look at ?

diese änderungen sind im kommen .
these changes are coming .
these changes are in the world .
these changes are in the space .

er ist der typ links .
he &apos;s the dude on the left .
he &apos;s the guy on the left .
he &apos;s the guy on the left .

das ist so ein naturding .
it &apos;s a natural thing .
this is such a natural thing .
this is such a natural thing .

<unk> recognition sollte noch funktionieren .
pattern recognition should also work .
echoes should work yet .
dance should work yet .

und es gibt gute neuigkeiten .
and there &apos;s good news here .
and there &apos;s good news .
and there &apos;s good news .

es ist ein komplett anderer begriff .
it is a completely different notion .
it &apos;s a completely different term .
it &apos;s a completely different term .

also nicht wie detox .
so not like a detox .
so not like detox .
so not like detox .

aber , aber wissen sie was ?
but , but , you know what ?
but , you know what ?
but , you know what ?

wir nutzen die energie der sonne .
we &apos;re harnessing energy from the sun .
we use the energy of the sun .
we use the energy of the sun .

jedenfalls nicht , um zu navigieren .
at least not to navigate .
anyway , not to navigate .
anyway , not to navigate .

ich wollte damals unbedingt normal wirken .
i aspired to that kind of normalcy back then .
i wanted to be normal at the time .
i wanted to be normal at the time .

die korrelation ist also gering .
so the correlation is low .
so the koran is devastating .
so the correlation is german .

ich konnte zeichnen . ich konnte malen .
i could draw . i could paint .
i could draw . i could paint .
i could draw . i could paint .

dies betrifft die speicherbecken .
this is hitting the reservoirs .
this is the memory .
this is the memory .

aber die wahrheit ist weit davon entfernt .
but the reality is far from it .
but the truth is far away .
but the truth is far away from that .

architekten und ingenieure , zum glück .
architects and engineers , thankfully .
architects and engineers , fortunately .
architects and engineers , to be lucky .

aber es erfordert viel planung .
but it does require a lot of planning .
but it requires a lot of planning .
but it requires a lot of planning .

die lebenden gebären die geister .
so , the living give birth to the spirits .
the living beats the spirits .
the living nurses .

die haben sie . die haben sie immer .
there are . there always are .
they have . they have always .
they have them . they always have them .

und hier spüren sie &apos; s schon .
here this logic is expressed in this deceptive discourse .
and here you feel it .
and here &apos;s what you feel .

scott bekommt also diesen anfruf .
so scott gets this call .
so scott gets this anger fruit .
so scott gets this fruit .

das dach war ebenfalls mit wasser bedeckt .
the roof also is covered with water .
the roof was also covered with water .
the roof was also covered with water .

wie werden sie die welt ernähren ? &quot;
how are you going to feed the world ?
how will you feed the world ? &quot;
how will they feed the world ? &quot;

etwas sehr merkwürdiges passiert hier .
something really weird is going on here .
something very strange happens here .
something very strange happens here .

und es gibt haufenweise mitarbeiter .
and there are also tons of collaborators .
and there &apos;s a staff of staff .
and there &apos;s a lot of collaborators .

und dann kann er eben davonlaufen .
that &apos;s how people imagine the soul works .
and then he can walk in .
and then he can walk out .

nun , dann werde ich es ihnen zeigen .
so , let me give you a little peek .
well , i &apos;m going to show you .
well , then i &apos;m going to show you .

keine versicherung kann sich querstellen ,
there &apos;s no insurance company that can say &quot; no . &quot;
no insurance can create .
no insurance can make up .

aber westliche regierungen helfen sich auch selbst .
but western governments are doing it to themselves as well .
but western governments are also helping themselves .
but western governments also help themselves .

ich freue mich , dass ich da bin .
i &apos;m happy to be here .
i &apos;m happy that i &apos;m there .
i &apos;m happy that i &apos;m there .

wir denken heute an energieknappheit .
we think about energy scarcity .
we &apos;re thinking today about energy nappies .
we &apos;re thinking of energy tongue today .

man kommt auf zwei wegen rein – sehr einfach .
two ways of going in -- very simple .
you &apos;re on two because of it -- very simple .
you come up with two because -- very simple .

ja , ich habe angst vor all diesen dingen .
yes , i &apos;m afraid of all those things .
yeah , i &apos;m afraid of all these things .
yeah , i &apos;m afraid of all these things .

hier gibt es die chance , etwas zu tun .
so there &apos;s an opportunity to change that .
here &apos;s the opportunity to do something .
here &apos;s the chance to do something .

also legen sie los ; retten sie die schuhe .
so get in the game . save the shoes .
so they put it on ; they save the shoes .
so they &apos;re going to save ; they save the shoes .

jeden morgen fliegen sie 240 kilometer zur farm .
every morning , they fly 150 miles into the farm .
every morning you fly 240 miles to the farm .
every morning , they fly 240 miles to the farm .

die frage ist , warum die menschen das akzeptieren .
and the question is , why do people accept this ?
the question is why people accept that .
the question is why people accept that .

es ist einzig der test von überleben und erfolg
that is the sole test of survival and success .
it &apos;s just the test of survival and success .
it &apos;s just the test of survival and success .

ich möchte ihnen hier etwas zu allererst zeigen .
i want to show you something here for the first time .
i want to show you a little bit here .
i want to show you a little bit here .

der über das land auf sie zurollen würde .
and it would come barreling down at her over the landscape .
the country on the land would roll them up .
the country was going to roll up on her .

das war also eine höchst merkwürdige erfahrung .
so , it was this absolutely remarkable experience .
so this was a very strange experience .
so this was a very strange experience .

nun , würden sie den gleichen urlaub wählen ?
now , would you choose the same vacation ?
well , would you choose the same vacation ?
well , would you choose the same lurb ?

das schweigen ist ohrenbetäubend .
and there is this stunning silence .
the silence is obey .
the swiss is coherent .

ich sagte meiner mutter , ich würde das nicht schaffen .
i told my mother i couldn &apos;t do it .
i said to my mother , i wouldn &apos;t do that .
i said to my mother , i wouldn &apos;t do that .

es ist wirklich sehr wichtig , dass wir dorthin gelangen .
that really is very important , that we get there .
it &apos;s really important that we get there .
it &apos;s really important that we get there .

wenn man es verallgemeinert , passiert folgendes .
if you generalize this , something like this happens .
if you put it together , this is what happens .
if you commit it , this is what happens .

wie konnte es möglich sein , dass wir dies tun ?
how could it be possible that we would do this ?
how could it be that we do this ?
how could it be possible that we do this ?

aber eine von ihnen ist deutlich schlimmer als die andere .
but one of them is distinctly worse than the other .
but one of them is much worse than the other .
but one of them is clearly worse than the other .

sie atmete kaum und war blau angelaufen .
and she was barely breathing and she was blue .
she didn &apos;t breathe and was blue .
she didn &apos;t stop and she was running blue .

und ich ging rüber und hörte einfach nur zu .
and i &apos;d go over there and i would , i would just listen .
and i went over and i just heard about it .
and i went over and i just heard .

es sind verworrene und merkwürdige programme .
they &apos;re obscure , weird programs .
it &apos;s kind of worthy and strange programs .
it &apos;s vericide and strange programs .

eigentlich wissen wir , dass etwas anderes der fall ist .
but we know that if we were to say that out loud , social relationships will be sensitively disturbed .
in fact , we know something else is the case .
in fact , we know that something else is the case .

dies ist einer der klassischen ausdrücke beim spielen .
and this is a classic gaming emotion .
this is one of the classic expressions of play .
this is one of the classical expressions of play .

antonyme : gesund , stark , leistungsfähig . &quot;
antonyms , healthy , strong , capable . &quot;
antony : healthy , strong , powerful . &quot;
anto : healthy , strong , powerful . &quot;

wo ist das größte interesse , so was wirklich umzusetzen ?
where is there most interest in actually doing something with this ?
where is the biggest interest , so what really do we do ?
where is the biggest interest , what &apos;s really going on ?

sie hatten 348 verschiedene arten von marmelade .
they had 348 different kinds of jam .
they had 348 different kinds of marines .
they had 348 different kinds of brand .

und nein , es ist nicht <unk> man oder san francisco .
and no , this isn &apos;t burning man or san francisco .
and no , it &apos;s not limited or san francisco .
and no , it &apos;s not a game or san francisco .

bg : ein energiedurchbruch ist das allerwichtigste .
bg : an energy breakthrough is the most important thing .
bg : a energy breakthrough is the most important .
bg : a energy breakthrough is the most important thing .

ich werde ihn für sie ausführen und ihn dann erklären .
i &apos;ll do it for you , and then i &apos;ll explain it .
i &apos;m going to do it for you and then explain it .
i &apos;m going to take him out and explain him .

im laufe dieser entdeckungsreise habe ich eine menge gelernt .
and you know , along the way in this journey of discovery , i learned a lot .
over the course of this discovery , i learned a lot .
in the course of this discovery , i learned a lot of learning .

nein , das wegwerfen ist genau das richtige , ja ?
no , throwing away is exactly the right thing to do , right ?
no , that &apos;s the right thing , right ?
no , that &apos;s exactly the right thing , right ?

ich habe in einem kohlebergwerk gearbeitet -- gefährlich .
i worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
i &apos;ve been working in a coal mining -- dangerous .
i &apos;ve been working in a cohmini work -- dangerous .

click , und wumms , ist man im diesem museum .
click and , bang , you &apos;re in this museum .
so , like , and wling , you &apos;re in this museum .
all right , and whales , you &apos;re in this museum .

können sie sich etwas gutes vorstellen , das aus tabak kommt ?
can you imagine something good coming out of tobacco ?
can you imagine something that comes out of taboak ?
can you imagine something good , that comes from taboak ?

bitte folgen sie mir , denn der kreis wird sich wieder schließen .
so stay with me , because it does circle around and back .
please follow me , because the circle will come back .
please follow me , because the circle will be close again .

mein großvater war während der prohibition im gefängnis .
my grandfather was in prison during prohibition .
my grandfather was during the prohibition in prison .
my grandfather was during the prohibition in jail .

das ist der wirklich coole teil , er heißt sammlungen .
this is the real cool part . it &apos;s called collections .
this is the really cool part , it &apos;s called collections .
that &apos;s the really cool part , it &apos;s called collections .

sie werden die ganze sache im film von statten gehen sehen .
you &apos;re going to see the whole thing take place in this movie .
you &apos;ll see the whole thing in the movie of stats .
you &apos;re going to see the whole thing in the movie of statements .

darum eben nicht ressourceneffizienz , sondern effektivität .
so that &apos;s why we &apos;re not talking about resource efficiency , but effectivity .
it &apos;s not a resource efficiency , it &apos;s effective .
it &apos;s not about resource efficiency , it &apos;s effective .

irgendwo hier sind eine reihe von fotografien - hier sind sie .
somewhere in here there are actually a series of photographs -- here we go .
somewhere here are a series of photographs -- here they are .
somewhere here are a series of photographs -- here you are .

selbst wer jemanden tötet , ist nicht nur ein mörder .
i think even if you kill someone , you &apos;re not just a killer .
even who kills someone is not just a murder .
even who kills someone , is not just a furniture .

die dinge , die nur genutzt werden , gehen in technische systeme .
things that are only used go into technical systems .
the things that are being used are being used in technical systems .
the things that are used to be used in technical systems .

wieviele türen hat das haus , in dem sie wohnen ?
how many doors does the house you live in have ?
how many doors have the house in which they live ?
how many doors have the house that you live in ?

es ist so wunderbar . ihr müsst es beschützen . &quot;
it is that beautiful . it is yours to protect . &quot;
it &apos;s so wonderful . you have to protect it . &quot;
it &apos;s so wonderful . you have to protect it . &quot;

es gab keine weihnachtsbäume . wir haben das alles gemacht .
there weren &apos;t christmas trees . we made it all .
there was no christmas trees . we did it all .
there was no christmas trees . we did it all .

nun , das erinnernde selbst ist ein geschichtenerzähler .
now , the remembering self is a storyteller .
well , the memory itself is a storyteller .
well , the memory itself is a storyteller .

aber es ist natürlich die summe ganz , ganz vieler ideen .
but of course it &apos;s the sum of a whole load of ideas .
but it &apos;s , of course , the sum of many ideas .
but , of course , it &apos;s the sum , very , very many ideas .

fast so , als würden wir uns unser leben lang darauf vorbereiten .
it &apos;s almost like we &apos;ve been preparing for it our whole lives .
almost as if we were prepared for our lives .
almost as we would be prepared for our lives .

nun haben wir also die zeitskalen erneut verschnellert .
so now we &apos;ve speeded up the time scales once again .
so we &apos;ve removed the timeline again .
so now we &apos;ve raped the time renewables .

ich werde ihnen einige beispiele dafür geben , was uns modernen fortschritt ermöglicht .
i &apos;ll give you some examples of what modern progress has made possible for us .
i &apos;m going to give you some examples of what makes us modern progress .
i &apos;m going to give you some examples of what makes us modern progress .

sie spüren , das ist die eigentliche wahrheit hinter der auskunft .
a young lad like that , he &apos;s not interested in putting out fires .
you feel that &apos;s the real truth behind the origins .
they feel that &apos;s the real truth behind the outcomes .

aber anstatt in panik zu geraten , hörte er einfach auf .
and instead of panicking , he just stopped .
but instead of asked in panic , he just stopped .
but instead of going into panik , he just stopped .

ich fragte ihn , wie er zu so einem fisch-experten geworden ist .
i asked him how he became such an expert on fish .
i asked him how he became a fish experts .
i asked him how he became a fish experts .

wir haben sein bett geneigt , damit er nach draußen sehen kann .
we kicked his bed so that he could see out .
we &apos;ve got his bed to see it outside .
we &apos;ve got his bed to see it out .

fotos wie dieses : eine baustelle entlang einer viel befahrenen straße .
photos like this : construction going on along a busy road .
photos like this : a construction station along a lot of bicycle .
photographs like this : a building along a lot of driving street .

und da haben wir dann so einen code-of-<unk> ct ausgearbeitet .
and then we worked on writing up a kind of code of conduct .
and then we &apos;ve been working as a cost-like cooperation .
and then we &apos;ve been working on this kind of cooperative era .

und bald darauf schrieb ich einen artikel über gentechnisch veränderte nahrungsmittel .
and soon after that , i wrote a story about genetically engineered food .
and soon , i wrote an article about genetic food .
and soon after that , i wrote an article about smart food production .

sie reden von der macht der natur um uns zu sagen wer wir sind .
they &apos;re talking about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
they talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
they talk about nature of nature to tell us who we are .

und deshalb glaube ich , dass die ted-gemeinschaft tapferer sein sollte .
and i actually believe that the ted community needs to be more courageous .
and that &apos;s why i think the ted community was supposed to be the ted horse .
and so i think the ted community should be horse .

ich mag viele schwarze farben , viele grautöne und so ein zeug .
i like a lot of black colors , a lot of grays and stuff like that .
i like a lot of black colors , lots of gray sounds and such a stuff .
i like a lot of black colors , a lot of gray notes and stuff like this .

und ich neige dazu , widrigkeiten als meinen schatten zu sehen .
and i tend to think of it like my shadow .
and i tend to see wits as my shadow .
and i tend to look at my shadow as my shadow .

bei unseren betrachtungen geraten wir in alle möglichen unbequemen bereiche .
as we look , we get into all sorts of uncomfortable areas .
in our views , we went into all sorts of uninconvenient areas .
in our views , we &apos;re in all sorts of uninconvenient areas .

nun , ich glaube , ich verstehe - wir hassen die pharmaindustrie .
well , i think i understand , we hate big pharma .
well , i think i understand -- we hate the pharmaceutical industry .
well , i think i understand -- we hate the pharmaceutical industry .

weil es etwas wachruft , das in gewisser weise verloren gegangen ist .
because it evokes something that in a sense has been lost .
because it crashes something that was lost in a certain way .
because it &apos;s something that &apos;s lost in a certain way .

die antwort – die kurze antwort auf all diese fragen ist : <unk> ja . <unk>
the answer -- the short answer to all those questions is , &quot; yes . &quot;
the answer -- the short answer to all of these questions is , well .
the answer -- the short answer to all these questions is : yes .

das zeigt die enorm große rolle , die ein meeresschutzgebiet spielen kann .
and hence , the enormous role that a marine protected area can play .
this shows the enormous role of large role that can play a marine area .
this shows the enormous role that can play a marine protective area .

die vereinigten staaten haben heute die höchste inhaftierungsrate der welt .
the united states now has the highest rate of incarceration in the world .
the united states today have the highest inheritance rate rate of the world .
the united states today have the highest infection rate of the world .

um uns erfolgreich an eine unbeständige welt anzupassen , müssen wir spielen .
in order to adapt successfully to a changing world , we need to play .
so to be successful in a free world , we need to play .
in order to adapt to a uncomfortable world , we need to play .

sie sagte : » und was werden sie tun , wenn sie hier sind ? «
and she &apos;d say , &quot; well what are you going to do when you get here ? &quot;
she said , &quot; and what are you going to do when you &apos;re here ? &quot;
she said , &quot; and what are you going to do when you &apos;re here ? &quot;

evolution bedeutet nicht zwangsläufig das längste leben zu bevorzugen .
evolution does not necessarily favor the longest-lived .
evolution doesn &apos;t mean to prefer the longest life .
evolution doesn &apos;t necessarily pretend to prefer the longest life .

wer kann einen fisch so gut schmecken lassen , nachdem er verkocht wurde ?
who can make a fish taste good after it &apos;s been overcooked ?
who can make a fish so good after he was coined ?
who can make a fish so well , after he was cook ?

was hat einflüsse auf unsere auf unser denken und auf unser erinnerungsvermögen ?
from the age of feudalism to the to the machine age .
what has our thinking on our thinking and on our memories ?
what does we know about our thinking and to our memories ?

ich weiss nicht , was jeder einzelne transistor in der verbindungsmaschine macht .
i don &apos;t know what every transistor in the connection machine does .
i don &apos;t know what every single transistor does in the connection machine .
i don &apos;t know what every single transistor is doing in the machine .

aber sagen sie auch bitte nicht , ich verstehe nichts von der klassischen musik .
but please don &apos;t say , i don &apos;t understand a thing about classical music .
but they don &apos;t even say , i don &apos;t understand anything from classical music .
but they don &apos;t please , i don &apos;t understand anything from classical music .

wir machen das in china zum beispiel , wo wir direkt die abfälle davon nehmen .
we do it in china for example , where we directly take the waste produced from it .
we &apos;re going to do this in china , for example , where we &apos;re going to take the cases of it .
we do this in china , for example , where we take the accidents of it .

das ist keine elektronenmikroskopaufnahme es ist eine reguläre mikroskopaufnahme .
this is not an electron micrograph ; this is just a regular photomicrograph .
this is not an electron microscope ; it &apos;s a moving microscope .
this is not electronic microscope , it &apos;s a single microscopic microscope .

und das können sie durch solche methoden erreichen , aber auch durch crowdsourcing .
and you can do this with techniques like this , but also by crowd-sourcing .
and you can do that through these ways , but also through crowdsourcing .
and you can do that by those methods , but also by crowdsourcing .

und dann geht &apos; s wieder nach hinten und dann wird &apos; s eigentlich erst gesehen .
and then it goes back to the back and it &apos;s not until then that whatever it is is actually seen .
and then it goes back to the back , and then it &apos;s actually seen .
and then it goes back to the back and then it &apos;s actually going to be seen .

es gibt allein im amazonasgebiet immer noch sechshundert milliarden bäume .
there are still six hundred billion trees in the amazon forest alone .
there &apos;s still billions of trees alone in the amazon area .
there &apos;s still seats in the amazon , still searching billions of trees .

die idee hinter littlebits ist , dass es eine wachsende bibliothek ist .
the idea behind littlebits is that it &apos;s a growing library .
the idea behind letta is that it &apos;s a growing library .
the idea behind litta is that it &apos;s a growing library .

. wissen sie , ich habe nie geglaubt , dass ich letztendlich bei microsoft arbeiten werde .
you know , i never thought that i &apos;d end up working at microsoft .
you know , i never believed i &apos;m going to work at microsoft .
you know , i &apos;ve never believed that i &apos;m going to work at microsoft .

und jemand , der ein solches künstlerisches potential hat , verdient so viel mehr .
and someone who has that kind of artistic potential deserves so much more .
and somebody who has an artistic potential , deserves so much more .
and someone who has an artistic potential , deserves so much more .

damit ist das baby kohlenstoffpositiv für das ganze leben , schon von anfang an .
that makes the baby carbon-positive for its whole life , right from the beginning .
so the baby is carbon positive for the whole life , already from the beginning .
so , the baby &apos;s carbon positive for the whole life , already from beginning .

also wir haben vorne die augen und jetzt denken sie , wir sehen von vorne nach hinten .
so we have our eyes at the front and now you think we see from front to back .
so we have the eyes forward , and now you think we &apos;re looking at the front of the back .
so we have the eyes right now , and now think , we see from the back to the back .

ich glaube , wenn man leute davon abhält , dann bringt man sie näher ans versagen .
i believe that when you push people away from that , you &apos;re pushing them more towards failure .
i think if you keep people from it , you get them closer to failure .
i think if you take people , you get them closer to failure .

sie spielten 18 jahre lang würfelspiele , wir spielen seit 16 jahren warcraft .
they played dice games for 18 years , we &apos;ve been playing warcraft for 16 years .
they played 18 years of play games for 18 years , we &apos;ve been playing for 16 years .
they played for 18 years , we &apos;ve been playing for 16 years .

passiert in diesem land überhaupt nicht , aber 160.000 mal auf der welt im letzten jahr .
doesn &apos;t happen in this country at all , but it happened 160,000 times in the world last year .
in this country , it &apos;s not happening at all , but 160,000 times in the world last year .
it doesn &apos;t happen in this country at all , but 160,000 times in the world in the last year .

und ich würde mich freuen , wenn ceg dabei helfen würde , dies zu verwirklichen .
and i would love for ceg to help make it happen .
and i would be happy if ceo would help to do this .
and i would love to be happy if ceos would help make this happen .

das taten wir dann auch und verschafften uns so eine zeitlang einen wettbewerbsvorteil .
and we actually did that and it gave us a competitive advantage for a while .
and then we did it , and we managed to do it as long as a newspatial advantage .
and then we did that , and then we managed to do a time-to-time advantage .

der andere ort , der sehr am städtebau interessiert war , ist singapur .
the other place that &apos;s very interested in city building is singapore .
the other place that was very interested in the urban building is singapore .
the other place that was very interested in the city was singapore is singapore .

es gibt anzeichen-funktionen , wo ich genau weiß , wo muss ich eigentlich greifen .
there are indicator functions , where i know exactly where i have to look .
there are sketches , where i know exactly where i have to attack .
there &apos;s signature functions where i know exactly where i actually have to attack .

wir reden ironisch davon , mit kleinen anführungszeichen darum : &quot; fortschritt &quot; .
we talk about it in ironic terms with little quotes around it : &quot; progress . &quot;
we &apos;re talking about ironically , with little leaders , &quot; progress . &quot;
we &apos;re talking about this with small leaders about this , &quot; progress . &quot;

im sommer 2009 litt honduras unter einer heftigen verfassungskrise .
in the summer of 2009 , honduras went through a wrenching constitutional crisis .
in the summer of 2009 , honduras could be under a hemissile crisis .
in the summer of 2009 , honey duras under a hemisphere crisis .

es ist nicht möglich , dass sich alles für immer und ewig so schnell wie jetzt weiterentwickelt .
things just can &apos;t possibly keep changing as fast as they are .
it &apos;s not possible that everything is always designed for forever and forever as fast as now .
it &apos;s not possible that everything is evolving for forever and forever as fast as we can now .

und dennoch gibt es in unserem land eine dynamik … wir sprechen nicht gerne über unsere probleme .
and yet , we have in this country this dynamic where we really don &apos;t like to talk about our problems .
and yet , in our country , there &apos;s a dynamic -- we don &apos;t like to talk about our problems .
and yet , in our country , there &apos;s a dynamic -- we don &apos;t like to talk about our problems .

das primärmedium war aber die sprache , etwas sehr natürliches , etwas sehr lebendiges .
but the primary medium was language , something very natural , and very lively .
the primarily medium was the language , something very natural , something very alive .
the primarily medium was the language , something very natural , something very alive .

vor einem jahr oder so , las ich eine studie , die mich wirklich richtig umgehauen hat .
i read a study a year or so ago that really blew my mind wide open .
a year or a year ago , i read a study that really got me right .
or a year ago , i read a study that really made me feel right .

wir wählen jedes jahr einige fellows aus und wir lassen sie mit stadtverwaltungen arbeiten .
we select a few fellows every year and we have them work with city governments .
we choose a few fields every year , and we let them work with urban administration .
we choose some rocks every year , and we let them work with urban administration .

nach drei monaten in einem flüchtlingslager landeten wir in melbourne .
after three months in a refugee camp , we landed in melbourne .
after three months in a refugee camp , we landed in melbourne .
after three months in a refugee camp , we ended up in melbourne .

sie finden verrückte beispiele aus aller welt , wie leute das system optimieren und raffinieren .
there are crazy examples from around the world of how people tweak and adjust the system .
they find crazy examples of all around the world , how people optimize the system and raffed .
they find crazy examples of all the world , like people are optimizing the system and rotating .

aber gibt es eine dritte möglichkeit , eine verlockende , faszinierende und erschreckende möglichkeit
but there &apos;s a third possibility , an enticing , intriguing and frightening possibility .
but there &apos;s a third opportunity , a lovely , fascinating , fascinating and terrifying possibility .
but there &apos;s a third opportunity , a lock-end , fascinating and terrifying opportunity .

sie sind durch etwas anderes motiviert - proteste etwa , eine meinung , oder durch ihr publikum .
they &apos;re motivated by something else -- motivated by protests , motivated by an opinion , motivated by the laughs .
they &apos;re motivated by something else -- protests like this , an opinion , or through their audience .
they &apos;re motivated by something else -- protests , a opinion , or by their audience .

ein zweiter kreis fängt schon an , gewisse ähnlichkeit zu korrelieren oder zu assoziieren .
a second circle is starting to correlate or associate a certain similarity .
a second circle begins to correct certain similarity , or associate .
a second circle starts to correspond to certain similarity or associate .

als ich mir dann als erwachsener einen beruf aussuchte , war es das filmemachen .
but when i chose a career as an adult , it was filmmaking .
so when i was looking at adult a profession , it was the filmmaker .
when i was looking at adult , when he was a job , it was the filmmaker .

mit 100 unterschiedlichen arten von jeans im schaufenster , gibt es keine entschuldigung für fehler .
with a hundred different kinds of jeans on display , there is no excuse for failure .
with 100 different types of jeans in the box , there &apos;s no excuse for mistakes .
with 100 different kinds of jeans in the shame , there &apos;s no excuse for mistakes .

und weil das so ist , gibt es eine grundlegende menschliche würde , die das gesetz respektieren muss .
and because of that there &apos;s this basic human dignity that must be respected by law .
and because that &apos;s so , there &apos;s a basic human dignity that has to respect the law .
and because that &apos;s so , there &apos;s a fundamental human being who has to respect the law .

und so wird der film diese ganze idee untersuchen -- das ist was ? in ewigkeit , für immer ?
and so the film explores this whole idea -- it &apos;s what ? in perpetuity , forever ?
and so the film is going to study this whole idea -- that &apos;s what ? in eternal , forever , forever ?
and so the film will study this whole idea -- that &apos;s what ? in eternal , forever ?

und hören sie , jeder hat ein recht auf seine meinung ; sogar ein recht auf seine meinung zum fortschritt ,
and , listen , everyone &apos;s entitled to their opinion ; they &apos;re even entitled to their opinion about progress .
and listen , everybody has a right on his opinion ; even a right on his opinion .
and listen , everyone has a right to his opinion , even a right to its opinion .

wir stossen zum beispiel auf die tatsache , dass wir mindestens 95 prozent unserer dna mit schimpansen gemeinsam haben .
we look , for example , about the fact that we share at least 95 percent of our dna with chimpanzees .
for example , the fact that we have at least 95 percent of our dna with chimpanzees .
so , for example , the fact that we have at least 95 percent of our dna together with chimpanzees .

und sie sind so gestaltet , durch das design , das ein bauer sie einfach bewirtschaften kann .
and they &apos;re designed in such a way that a farmer can farm them easily .
and they &apos;re so designed by design that can just build a construction system .
and they &apos;re so designed by design that can just build them out .

freitag : eine universelle wahrheit – fünf wörter : goldene pailleten passen zu allem .
friday : a universal truth -- five words for you : gold sequins go with everything .
friday : a universal truth -- five words : golden pailers fit all the time .
friday : a universal truth -- five words : golden papers fit to everything .

und danach , als ich darüber nachdachte , beschloss ich , negative energie aus meinem leben zu verbannen .
and after , as i reflected on that , i decided to eliminate negative energy from my life .
and after that , when i thought about it , i decided to keep negative energy from my life .
and after that , when i was thinking about it , i decided to banate negative energy from my life .

und was die marshmallow-challenge tut ist , sie hilft ihnen versteckte annahmen zu identifizieren .
and what the marshmallow challenge does is it helps them identify the hidden assumptions .
and what the marshmalpractice does is it helps you to identify it .
and what the marshmalland is doing is to identify them hidden assumptions .

in gewissem sinne ist die arktische eiskappe das schlagende herz unseres globalen klimasystems .
the arctic ice cap is , in a sense , the beating heart of the global climate system .
in a sense , the arctic application is the battle of our global climate system .
in a sense , the arctic capability is the sleeping heart of our global climate system .

und die vorbereitungen dazu waren enorm . wir mussten kameras und scheinwerfer und alles mögliche bauen .
and it took a lot of preparation , we had to build cameras and lights and all kinds of things .
and the preparation were enormous . we had to build cameras and lights and all kinds of things .
and the preparation were enormous . we had to build cameras and apparently build everything .

dass ich das nur anders gestalte und schöner mache , heißt nicht , dass es besser handhabbar ist .
making it differently or prettier doesn &apos;t mean it &apos;s easier to use .
that i just do it differently and beautiful , not that it &apos;s better trade .
that &apos;s just a different way of doing it and beautiful , it &apos;s not that it &apos;s better .

leider die nicht in offenbach , aber vielleicht können sie den frankfurtern ja mal ein bisschen helfen dabei .
unfortunately not the one on offenbach , but perhaps you can give the frankfurters a hand .
unfortunately , it &apos;s not in openness , but maybe you can help the fear of france a little bit .
unfortunately , not in open bach , but maybe you can help the france , you can help a little bit .

vielleicht zu einem altertümlichen verständnis über die beziehung zwischen menschen und dem mysterium des kreativen zurückzukehren .
maybe go back to some more ancient understanding about the relationship between humans and the creative mystery .
maybe to an age understanding about the relationship between people and the mystery of the creative process .
maybe at an aging understanding about the relationship between people and the mystery of the creative creative .

tatsache ist , diese programme sind so viel effizienter als jedes programm , das ich je von hand schreiben hätte können .
in fact , they are programs that are much more efficient than programs i could have ever written by hand .
the fact is , these programs are so much more efficient than any program i could ever write from hand .
the fact is , these programs are so much more efficient than any program i could ever write from hand .

wenn sie das goldfischglas zerbrechen , so dass alles möglich ist , senken sie die zufriedenheit .
if you shatter this fishbowl so that everything is possible , you decrease satisfaction .
if you break the goldfish glass so that everything is possible , you admit happiness .
if you break the goldfish glass , so everything is possible , you put the satisfaction .

wir hoffen , dass das keine pop-ups und anderen unsinn mehr bedeutet - das sollte nicht notwendig sein .
we hope that this means no more pop-ups and other kind of rubbish like that -- shouldn &apos;t be necessary .
we hope that this is not a pop-up and other nonsense -- that shouldn &apos;t be necessary .
we hope that this is not a pop-ups and other profits -- that should not be necessary .

wenn sie sich mit den richtigen menschen umgeben , werden sie es nicht nur verstehen , sie werden es auch schätzen .
if you are surrounding yourself with the right people , they will not only get it , they will appreciate it .
if you &apos;re surrounded with the right people , you &apos;re not just going to understand it , you &apos;re going to appreciate it .
if you give yourself with the right people , you &apos;re not just going to understand it , you &apos;re going to appreciate it too .

ich möchte ihnen mit diesem mechanismus heute etwas erklären oder etwas näherbringen , was ihnen unbewusst wahrscheinlich vertraut ist .
i would like to explain this mechanism to you today and make it a little more accessible to you , though you &apos;re probably quite familiar with it on an unconscious level .
i want to explain to you with this mechanism today , something or something that &apos;s unfamiliar with you .
i want to tell you about this mechanism today or something that &apos;s unfamiliar with you .

falls irgendwer eine 2,5cm hohe konstruktion gebaut hätte , hätte er den preis nach hause getragen .
if anyone had built , say , a one inch structure , they would have taken home the prize .
if any of those who had built a 5-high construction , he would have contributed the price for home .
if anyone who had built a 6-inch high school , he would wear the price at home .

so ist die leistung , mit prototypen zu arbeiten , wesentlich - aber sehen wir einmal , wie verschieden teams agieren .
so the capacity to play in prototype is really essential , but let &apos;s look at how different teams perform .
so the performance of working with prototypes , much -- but let &apos;s see how the teams act .
so the performance is to work with prototypes , very much -- but let &apos;s see how different teams work .

wir hatten ein team , das letztes jahr an einem projekt in boston arbeitete , für das drei leute zweieinhalb monate brauchten .
we had a team that worked on a project in boston last year that took three people about two and a half months .
we had a team working last year on a project in boston , for the three people two and a half months .
we had a team that was working on a project in boston for three and a half months .

hier und heute in alabama haben 34 prozent der männlichen schwarzen bevölkerung dauerhaft ihr wahlrecht verloren .
right now in alabama 34 percent of the black male population has permanently lost the right to vote .
here and today in alabama , 34 percent of the male black population have lost their voting right .
and here in alabama today , 34 percent of the male population lost their election .

wie sie sehen , war die lagune von palmen und von ein paar mangroven umsäumt .
and the lagoon was surrounded by palm trees , as you can see , and a few mangrove .
as you can see , the lagoggles of palms and some mangroves of some mangroves .
as you can see , it was the ladder of palms and a couple of mangroves .

die phantasie der natur kennt keine grenzen , ganz im gegensatz zu unserer eigenen , kläglichen menschlichen vorstellungskraft .
nature &apos;s imagination is so boundless compared to our own meager human imagination .
the phasm of nature knows no boundaries , as opposed to our own , clear human imagination .
the phantom of nature doesn &apos;t know limitations , as opposed to our own , smells of human imagination .

das ist nur ein beispiel von vielen , wie erwachsene in machtpositionen die vorstellungskraft eines kindes anregen können .
this is an example of how adults in positions of power can ignite the power of a child .
this is just an example of many , like adults in magical positions , the imagination of a child &apos;s imagination .
this is just one example of many , like adults in mainframe , the imagination of a child rain .

sie entscheiden sich eher für dinge , die sie selbst weniger zufrieden stellen , selbst , wenn sie es objektive besser machen .
they &apos;re more likely to choose things that make them less satisfied , even when they do objectively better .
they decide more for things that they make less peace , even if they make it more objective .
they decide more for things that they make themselves less satisfaction , even if they make it more objective .

und während ich spielte , fiel mir auf , dass in nathaniels augen eine vollkommene veränderung vor sich ging .
and as i played , i understood that there was a profound change occurring in nathaniel &apos;s eyes .
and while i was playing , i noticed that in nathanian eyes , there was a complete change in front of me .
and while i was playing , i noticed that in nathanian eyes , a complete change was going on .

ein paar tage später gingen wir in einen buddhistischen tempel in footscray und saßen um ihren sarg .
a few days later , we went to a buddhist temple in footscray and sat around her casket .
a few days later , we went to a buddhist temple in footprint and saddling around her sarg .
a few days later , we went to a buddhist temple in football and saves around her sarg .

sie fanden 500 unglaublich kreative lösungen , die sie nachlesen können , wenn sie &quot; superstruct &quot; googlen .
they came up with 500 insanely creative solutions that you can go online , if you google &quot; superstruct , &quot; and see .
they found 500 credit solutions that you can read , if you can read &quot; superconductor . &quot;
they found 1,500 creative solutions that they can read when they call &quot; superpeaceful . &quot;

wir finden männer in den marschierenden reihen der bürgerechtsbewegung , die sagen , &quot; ich bin ein mann . &quot;
we find men on the marching lines of the civil rights movement saying , &quot; i am a man . &quot;
we find men in the march rivers of citizens who say , &quot; i &apos;m a man . &quot;
we find men in the march of the citizens movement that say , &quot; i &apos;m a man . &quot;

dass der mensch vom affen abstammen sollte und , ja , es zumindest einen gemeinsamen vorfahren gäbe zwischen menschen und affen .
that humans are supposed to have descended from apes and that , yes , there is at least one ancestor shared by both humans and apes .
that the man of the monkeys should be restrained , and yes , at least there was a common ancestry between people and monkeys .
that the man of the monkeys should be abandoned and , yes , at least there was a common ancestry between people and monkeys .

dies ist eine karte , die ihnen all die chips zeigt , aus denen ein mac computer besteht , wie sie zusammen kamen .
this is a map that shows you all the chips that form a mac computer , how they came together .
this is a map that shows you all the chips from a mac computer , as they came together .
this is a map that shows you all the chips from which a mac computer is what they came together .

bei &quot; abyss &quot; konnte ich meine vorliebe für die unterwasserwelt und das tauchen mit dem filmemachen verbinden .
and with &quot; the abyss , &quot; i was putting together my love of underwater and diving with filmmaking .
in &quot; abyss , &quot; i could dive my role for the underwater world and connect with the filmeal .
in &quot; abyss , &quot; i could make my love for the underwater world and make the filming with the filmmaker .

nun können sie sich vorstellen , wie verblüffend es dann ist , wenn kinder geboren werden , die zwei personen in einem körper sind ,
well you can imagine how startling then it is when you have children that are born who are two people inside of one body .
now , you can imagine how amazing it is when kids are born , the two individuals are in a body .
now you can imagine how amazing it is when children are born , who are two people in a body .

man denkt sich in diese zeit hinein , indem man zum beispiel auch zeitgenössische bilder anschaut oder literatur liest .
you imagine the time by looking at images or reading literature from that period .
you think in these days by looking at contemporary images or literature or literature .
you think of yourself in this time , by looking for example , for example , for example , at the time-time images or literature .

und wegen dieser hilfe wurde ich in meinem letzten jahr des jurastudiums als junge australierin des jahres auserwählt .
and for that work , when i was a final year law student , i was chosen as the young australian of the year .
and because of this aid , i was chosen in my last year of jurace as a young australia of the year .
and because of this help , i was published in my last year of juracy as a young australian of the year .

in einem blutbefleckten kontinent , waren diese menschen die einzigen , die nie von den spaniern erobert wurden .
in a bloodstained continent , these people alone were never conquered by the spanish .
in a bloodbath , these people were the only people who have never been obtained by the spheres .
in a bloody continent , these were the only people who have never been obtained by the spain .

wir sind also die amöben und wir können noch nicht ganz ausmachen , was zur hölle wir hier eigentlich am kreieren sind .
so we &apos;re the amoebas and we can &apos;t quite figure out what the hell this thing is we &apos;re creating .
so we &apos;re the amputans , and we can &apos;t even do what we &apos;re doing here in the cave .
so we &apos;re the amps , and we can &apos;t really do what &apos;s going on here , we &apos;re actually able to do .

und , nebenbei , wir sind nun imstande eine ziemlich gute vorstellung zu bekommen vom glück des erlebenden selbst über die zeit .
and , by the way , now we are capable of getting a pretty good idea of the happiness of the experiencing self over time .
and by the way , we are now a pretty good idea to get happiness from the living themselves .
and by the way , we &apos;re now a pretty good idea of happiness from the life itself over time .

es gibt mehrere bekannte fälle von online-millionären , multimillionären , die ihr geld durch angriffe verdient haben .
we actually have several cases of millionaires online , multimillionaires , who made money with their attacks .
there are several familiar cases of online millionary , multimillionaire , who have earned their money through attacks .
there are several known cases of online millionaire , multimillionaire , who have earned their money through attacks .

und daher wird hier jedes buch und jede welt eine kleine murmel , die ich hierher ziehe zu dem magischen gerät im gerät .
and so over here , each book and each world becomes a little marble that i drag in to this magical device within the device .
and so every book is going to be here every book , and every world is a little murray that i &apos;m going to get here in the magic device .
and so every book and every world is going to be a little murder that i &apos;m getting here to the magic device in the device .

und die werden sind im laufe der jahrhunderte mehr und mehr überschrieben worden durch die einflüsse des maschinenzeitalters .
those are the declining influences of the pre-industrial cultures .
and they &apos;re going to be transferred over the centuries and more and more overwhelmed by the influences of the machine age .
and these are over the course of centuries more and more overall over the course of the machine .

und in dem anderen fall , trägt das sperma ein x chromosom , das auf das x chromosom der eizelle trifft .
and in the other case , the sperm is carrying an x chromosome , meeting the x chromosome of the egg .
and in the other case , the sperm is a chromosome that hits the x chromosome on the x chromosome .
and in the other case , the number one chromosome is a chromosome that hits the x chromosome of the cell .

ok , das sind also vier superkräfte , die zu einem einzigen ergebnis führen . spieler sind super-mächtige , hoffnungsvolle individuen .
okay , so these are four superpowers that add up to one thing : gamers are super-empowered , hopeful individuals .
ok , so these are four superpowers that lead to a single result . players are super-powerful , hopeful individuals .
ok , so these are four superpowers that lead to a single result . players are superpowerful , hopeful individuals .

und je mehr wir beim auswählen wählerisch sind , desto besser werden wir in der lage sein , die kunst der entscheidung zu üben .
and the more we &apos;re able to be choosy about choosing the better we will be able to practice the art of choosing .
and the more we choose to vote , the better we &apos;re going to be able to practice the art of the decision .
and the more we choose to choose chocolate , the better we will be able to practice the art of choice .

und wenn sie mit ihrem smartphone auf google suchen , haben sie mehr zugang zu wissen und informationen als präsident clinton vor 15 jahren .
and if they &apos;re on a smartphone on google , they &apos;ve got access to more knowledge and information than president clinton did 15 years ago .
and if you look at your smartphone on google , you have more access to knowledge and information than president clinton 15 years ago .
and if you look at your smartphone on google , you have more access to knowledge and information than president clinton 15 years ago .

es muss für mich im hier und jetzt stimmig sein , sonst kann ich mein publikum nicht davon überzeugen , dass das mein anliegen ist .
it has to make sense in the here and now , otherwise i won &apos;t convince my audience that this is my desire .
it &apos;s got to be here and now , i can &apos;t convince my audience that this is my anxiety .
it has to be in me here , and now i can &apos;t convince my audience to convince me that this is my case .

und abschließend kann ich die ganze sequenz ausblenden , indem ich den lautstärke-siftable nach links neige .
and now , finally , i can fade the whole sequence out using the volume siftable , tilted to the left .
and finally , i can end the whole sequence of sequence by adding the loutarian sidewalks to the left .
and finally , i can finish the whole sequence by ending the loud-up sized sickness to the left .

der künstler teilt ihnen in einem solchen portrait etwas mit , womit sie erst vertraut werden , wenn sie sich dieses kunstwerk immer wieder anschauen .
the artist is conveying something you can only get to know once you &apos;ve looked at the work of art again and again .
the artist divides them in such a portrait with something that they &apos;re going to be familiar with when they look at this piece of art .
the artist shares you in a portrait with a portrait that you &apos;re only going to be familiar with when you look at this piece of artwork .

und auf dieser kurve , auf dem rücken von moores gesetz , finden wir eine reihe außergewöhnlicher technologien , die allen zur verfügung stehen .
and on this curve , riding on moore &apos;s law , are a set of extraordinarily powerful technologies available to all of us .
and on this curve , on the back of moore &apos;s law , we find a series of extraordinary technologies that are available to everybody .
and on this curve , on the back of moore &apos;s law , we find a series of extraordinary technologies that are available to everyone .

es ist die romantische art , die art , bei der man , je besser man seinen fisch kennen lernt , man den fisch umso mehr liebt .
it &apos;s the romantic kind , the kind where the more you get to know your fish , you love the fish .
it &apos;s the romantic , the kind of thing you know , the better you know your fish , you love the fish .
it &apos;s the romantic way , the way you know , the better you learn your fish , you love the fish more .

und verstehen sie mich nicht falsch , das war wirklich faszinierend , wissen sie , die biotische gemeinschaft unplugged , so in der art .
and don &apos;t get me wrong , that was really fascinating , you know , the biotic community unplugged , kind of thing .
and you don &apos;t understand me , that was really fascinating , you know , the biotic community of unexplored , so in the way .
and you don &apos;t get me wrong , that was really fascinating , you know , the biotic community , so in the way .

darum kostet das mobiltelefon in ihrer tasche circa eine million mal weniger und ist tausendfach schneller als ein supercomputer aus den 70ern .
that &apos;s why the cellphone in your pocket is literally a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer of the &apos; 70s .
that &apos;s why the mobile phone costs about a million times less than a thousand times faster than a supercomputer from the &apos; 70s .
that &apos;s why the mobile phone costs about a million times less and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer from the &apos; 70s .

und wenn wir auch schon hier in frankfurt am main sind , dann erinnere ich an das max-planck-institut für hirnforschung .
and as we &apos;re here in frankfurt am main , i &apos;ll remind you of the max -planck-institute for brain research .
and if we &apos;re here in france in france , i remember the max institute institute for brain research .
and if we &apos;re already here in france , i remember the max plan institute for brain research .

katastrophal wegen dieser tatsache : die usa ist eines der einzigen länder auf der welt , in dem die impfrate für masern sinkt .
disastrous because here &apos;s a fact : the united states is one of the only countries in the world where the vaccine rate for measles is going down .
catastrophic hal because of this fact : the united states is one of the only countries in the world where the frames are declared for masses .
catl hal because of this fact : the united states is one of the only countries in the world , in which the vaccines for masses .

es ist kein tod , wenn sie schmelzen ; es ist kein ende , sondern eine fortführung ihres pfades entlang des lebenszyklus .
it is not a death when they melt ; it is not an end , but a continuation of their path through the cycle of life .
it &apos;s not a death , if it &apos;s melting ; it &apos;s not a end , it &apos;s an advanced leadership along the course of life .
it &apos;s not a death when it &apos;s melting ; it &apos;s not an end , it &apos;s a progressive of your life trajectory .

der schwierige schritt ist das bauen des ersten reaktors , weitere milliarden zu finden , die regularien und den ort der tatsächlich den ersten davon baut .
the tough thing is building the pilot reactor ; finding the several billion , finding the regulator , the location that will actually build the first one of these .
the hard step is to build the first reactor , another billion , the regularians and the place in fact , built the first of it .
the hard step is to build the first reactor , to find another billion , which is the prisoners and actually building the place of it .

erstaunlicherweise ist es so , dass wir wir uns hier ja mit etwas beschäftigen , was eigentlich &apos; ne selbstverständlichkeit wäre , aber gar nicht so ist .
incredibly enough , we we are dealing with something here that would be a matter of course , but isn &apos;t at all .
well , amazingly , we &apos;re going to be here with something that would actually be self-confident , but it &apos;s not that way .
amazingly , we &apos;re here with something that &apos;s actually a matter of self-knowledge , but not so .

aber bei den ersten drei faktoren , sind wir jetzt von 26 milliarden auf vielleicht allerbestes 13 milliarden tonnen gegangen . und das reicht einfach nicht aus !
but for these first three factors now , we &apos;ve gone from 26 billion to , at best , maybe 13 billion tons , and that just won &apos;t cut it .
but in the first three factors , we &apos;ve gone from 26 billion to maybe 13 billion tons of tons of tons , and that &apos;s just not enough .
but at the first three factors , we &apos;ve now gone from 26 billion to maybe 13 billion tons of tonight , and that &apos;s not enough .

und es ist nur nurmale selektion . wir können nach lebensfähigkeit selektieren , produktion von chemikalien oder treibstoffproduktion impfstoffproduktion und so weiter .
and it &apos;s just standard selection : we can select for viability , chemical or fuel production , vaccine production , etc .
and it &apos;s just natural selection . we can selective food production , production of chemicals or fuel production and so on .
and it &apos;s just five times selection . we can selectively select food production , production of chemicals or fuel vaccine and so on .

die evolution ist ein andauerndes thema hier auf der ted-konferenz gewesen , aber heute möchte ich ihnen die ansicht eines arztes zu dem thema geben .
evolution has been a perennial topic here at the ted conference , but i want to give you today one doctor &apos;s take on the subject .
evolution is an overall issue here on the ted conference , but today i want to give you the view of a doctor .
evolution is a serious topic here on the ted conference , but today i want to give you the view of an argentle topic .

in einer interaktion des buches wird man auf eine suche geschickt . man muss rausgehen und mit der kamera des ipads bilder natürlicher objekte sammeln .
one of the interactions in the book is that you &apos;re sent off on this quest where you need to go outside , take out your camera on the ipad and collect pictures of different natural objects .
in an interaction of the book , you &apos;re sent to search on a search . you have to go out and collect it with the camera of the ipads of natural objects .
in an interaction of the book , you &apos;re going to go to a search . you &apos;ve got to go out and collect the camera with the camera of ipads , natural objects .

das heisst , dass jedes atom zur gleichen zeit an zwei unterschiedlichen orten ist , was gleichzeitig heisst , dass das gesamte stück metall an zwei verschiedenen orten ist .
that means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which in turn means the entire chunk of metal is in two different places .
that means that every atom at the same time is at two different places , which means that the whole piece of metal is at two different places .
that means that every atom is at the same time in two different places , which is , at the same time , the whole piece of metal is in two different places .

wir haben das vertrauen in institutionen , in autorität , und manchmal in die wissenschaft an sich verloren , und es gibt keinen grund , warum das nicht so sein sollte .
we &apos;ve lost faith in institutions , in authority , and sometimes in science itself , and there &apos;s no reason we shouldn &apos;t have .
we have trust in institutions , in authority , and sometimes in science , and there &apos;s no reason why that shouldn &apos;t be that .
we have the trust in institutions , in authority , and sometimes in science , in science , and there &apos;s no reason why it shouldn &apos;t be so much .

wer kann etwas garantieren , was buchstäblich viele milliarden mal größer als jede art von müll , den man sich von nuklear- und anderen dingen vorstellen kann ?
who &apos;s going to guarantee something that is literally billions of times larger than any type of waste you think of in terms of nuclear or other things ?
who can guarantee something like a lot of billions of times larger than any kind of garbage that you can imagine from nuclear -- and other things ?
who can guarantee something that literally many billion times bigger than any kind of waste that you can imagine from nuclear and other things ?

manche menschen mit xx chromosomen , entwickeln etwas , das ovotestis heißt , wobei eierstockgewebe von hodengewebe umhüllt ist .
some people who have xx chromosomes develop what are called ovotestis , which is when you have ovarian tissue with testicular tissue wrapped around it .
some people with xx chromosomes , are developing something called the ois , which is irrigation , which is the egg tissue of hostile tissue .
some people with xx chromosomes develop something called obesity , where eggs of hostile tissue is filled with hostile tissue .

denn wenn alle sachen aus teilchen bestehen und all diese teilchen den regeln der quantenmechanik folgen , sollte dann nicht einfach alles den regeln der quantenmechanik folgen ?
because if everything is made up of little particles and all the little particles follow quantum mechanics , then shouldn &apos;t everything just follow quantum mechanics ?
because if all the things are made out of particles and all these particles of quantum mechanics , it should not just follow the rules of quantum mechanics ?
because if all the things from particles and all of these particles follow the rules of quantum mechanics , should not just follow the rules of quantum mechanics ?

und da sie nicht von mir gehört haben als die frau , die hier bei ted in ihrer unterwäsche herumläuft – heißt das , ich habe ein paar sachen gefunden .
and since you don &apos;t know me as the woman walking around ted in her underwear -- that means i found a few things .
and since you haven &apos;t heard about me as the woman who &apos;s walking around ted in your underwear -- that &apos;s what i found a few things .
and since you haven &apos;t heard of me as the woman who &apos;s walking around here in her underwear -- that &apos;s what i found a few things .

ich sage ja nicht , das wäre die antwort auf alle humanitären probleme -- denn das leben der bonobos besteht aus mehr als dem kama sutra .
now , i &apos;m not saying this is the solution to all of humanity &apos;s problems -- since there &apos;s more to bonobo life than the kama sutra .
i &apos;m not saying that &apos;s the answer to all humanitarian problems -- because the life of the bonobos is more than the championtra .
i &apos;m not saying that would be the answer to all the humanitarian problems -- because life is the bonobos of more than the camchoa sutra .

der rote faden , der diese alle verbindet , ist unsere abhängigkeit von kohlenstoff-basierenden kraftstoffen wie dreckige kohle und ausländisches öl .
the thread that links them all : our addiction to carbon based fuels , like dirty coal and foreign oil .
the red fact that all of these are connecting is our dependence based on carbon dioxide like dirty cows and foreign oil .
the red facts that connects all of these together is our dependence on carbon fuels like dirty coal and foreign oil .

es gibt ein erlebendes selbst , das in der gegenwart lebt und die gegenwart kennt , fähig ist , die vergangenheit wieder zu erleben , aber im grunde nur die gegenwart hat .
there is an experiencing self , who lives in the present and knows the present , is capable of re-living the past , but basically it has only the present .
there is a living living self that lives in the present and the present , is able to experience the past , but basically only has the present .
there &apos;s a living self that lives in the present , and the present is able to experience the past , but basically has the present .

und hackerspaces , also die computerhackerspaces , da der c-base in berlin war der erste , neunzehnhundertfünfundneunzig .
and hackerspaces , so computer hackerspaces , c-base in berlin was the first , in nineteen ninety-five .
and hacker , so the computer hackers , because the canyon berlin was the first , ninth of thousands of thousands .
and hackers , so the computer hazard , because the cup in berlin was the first one , nineted by hundreds of hundred inches .

ich habe also versucht die honduraner davon zu überzeugen , wenn man eine neue stadt bauen will , man mit einem gebiet von mindestens 1000 quadratkilometern beginnen muss .
so i was trying to persuade the hondurans , if you build a new city , you &apos;ve got to start with a site that &apos;s at least 1,000 square kilometers .
so i &apos;ve tried to convince the honors of building a new city if you want to build a new city , you have to start with a area of at least 1,000 square miles .
so i &apos;ve tried to convince the honors of this if you want to build a new city , you have to start with an area of at least 1,000 square kilometers .

also es geht darum , eben gene zu kopieren , zu vermehren , d.n.a , fragmente zu vermehren , damit man sie sichtbar machen kann .
this is about the copying of genes , replicating genes , dna , fragments , so that you can make them visible .
so it &apos;s about copying genes to cope , to semetroa , fraga , fragments , fragments , so you can make them visible .
so it &apos;s about copying genes to cope , d.c. , d.c , fragments , fragments to make them visible .

in einer welt , in der jede minute 2 tage videomaterial hochgeladen wird , kann nur wirklich einzigartiges und unerwartetes hervorstechen wie die erwähnten videos .
in a world where over two days of video get uploaded every minute , only that which is truly unique and unexpected can stand out in the way that these things have .
in a world where every minute of two days , video material can be highly unique and unexpected and unexpected videos like the video .
in a world where every minute , two days of video will be locked , only can really be unique and unexpected , like the videos .

und vielleicht schaffen wir es , widrigkeiten als etwas natürliches , stimmiges und nützliches zu sehen und fühlen uns so durch ihre präsenz nicht mehr so belastet .
and , perhaps , if we see adversity as natural , consistent and useful , we &apos;re less burdened by the presence of it .
and maybe we can do it , whispering a little bit of natural , mimic and useful and feel so uncomfortable with their presence .
and maybe we can do it as a natural act of something natural and useful and useful , and feel so through their presence , we don &apos;t do it anymore .

und man muss nicht -- als der angreifer -- muss man die nutzdaten nicht über einen usb- stick anbringen , wie wir es bei stuxnet gesehen haben .
and you don &apos;t have -- as an attacker -- you don &apos;t have to deliver this payload by a usb stick , as we saw it in the case of stuxnet .
and you don &apos;t have to -- when you &apos;re attacking -- you don &apos;t have to use the data on a usb , like we &apos;ve seen it at stuxts .
and you don &apos;t have to -- as the attacker -- you don &apos;t have to use the data on a etc . -- how we saw it in steps .

da geht es darum , wie man menschen in interaktiven medien begegnet , damit sie diese interaktiven medien benutzen können und damit sie ein möglichst befriedigendes erlebnis erzeugen .
there , the focus is on how to approach people in interactive media , so that they can use interactive media and can come to the most satisfying result possible .
it &apos;s about how to encounter people in interactive media so that they can use these interactive media , so that they can create a peaceful experience .
because it &apos;s about how to meet people in interactive media so that they can use these interactive media , and so they create a satisfying experience .

wir nehmen also etwas sehr kompliziertes , wandeln es in töne um , eine sequenz von tönen , und produzieren damit etwas sehr kompliziertes in den köpfen von anderen .
but we &apos;re taking something very complicated , turning it into sound , sequences of sounds , and producing something very complicated in your brain .
so we take something very complicated , turn it into daughters , a sequence of sound , and produce something very complicated in the heads .
so we take something very complicated , turn it into thumb , a sequence of notes , and produce something very complicated in the heads of others .

und was passiert ist , dass wenn sie über das leben in kalifornien nachdenken , denken sie an den unterschied zwischen kalifornien und anderen orten , und dieser unterschied besteht , sagen wir , im klima .
and what happens is when you think about living in california , you are thinking of the contrast between california and other places , and that contrast , say , is in climate .
and what happens is that when you think about life in california , you think about the difference between california and other places , and this difference , we say , in climate .
and what happens is that if you think about life in california , think about the difference between california and other places , and this difference , we say , in climate .

schon aus dem deutschen ins englische zu übersetzen , kann mehr wissen erfordern , zumal es wenn man wenn es dann um dichtung oder gar um poesie geht .
translating from german into english can already demand more knowledge , especially if it if one has to if it &apos;s the translation of literature or even poetry .
now , from the german to the english , more knowledge can be forgotten , once you get it when you go to poet or poetry .
now , from the german to the english , you can know more knowledge , once you get it , if you &apos;re about digestion or about poetry .

und wenn es uns gelingt , gelingt es uns natürlich für adidas , für nike , für hennes und mauritz und die ganze textilindustrie mit .
and if we manage to do it , we &apos;ll of course manage to do it for adidas , for nike , for hennes and mauritz and the whole textile industry .
and if we were paralyzed , of course , we were able to do this , for nike , for nike and mauritz and the whole textile industry .
and when it comes to us , of course , it makes us feel like , for nike , for nike and mauritz and the whole textile industry with us .

aber mitte der 90er jahre merkten wir doch , dass wir im creature- und <unk> ter-design - wofür wir die firma ja eigentlich gegründet hatten - zu langsam vorankamen .
but we found ourselves lagging in the mid &apos; 90s in the creature and character design stuff that we had actually founded the company to do .
but in the middle of the &apos; 90s , we realized that we were in the creaturial and design design design -- where we actually started the company -- we actually started to get forward .
but in the middle of the &apos; 90s , we realized that we were in the crew and design and design -- what we did is we actually created the company -- too slowly .

wir haben nur für zwei jahre phosphor und schon jetzt wird durch den phosphor-bergbau weltweit viel mehr uran in die umwelt gebracht , als in allen atomanlagen verwendet wird .
we only have phosphorus for two years and phosphorus mining worldwide is already emitting a lot more uranium into the environment than the amount that is used in all nuclear plants .
we &apos;ve only spent two years of phosphorus , and now , through the phosphorus mining mining around the world a lot more uranium in the environment than in all atomic facilities .
we &apos;ve only used for two phosphorus , and we &apos;ve now been put through the phosphorus of phosphorus worldwide around the world , much more urgent in the environment than in all atomic atoms .

und mich hat &apos; s dann mitte der achtziger jahre nach berlin verschlagen , weil ich erneuerbare energien machen wollte und das gab &apos; s in karlsruhe nicht .
and then i went to berlin in the mid-eighties because i wanted to study renewable energies and they didn &apos;t have that in karlsruhe .
and then i got the middle of the eighty years after berlin , because i wanted to do renewable energy , and that was in karln .
and then i went down to berlin years after berlin , because i wanted to make renewable energy , and i didn &apos;t have it in carlboard .

für das erinnernde selbst ist ein zweiwöchiger urlaub kaum besser als der einwöchige urlaub , weil da keine neuen erinnerungen hinzugefügt werden .
for the remembering self , a two-week vacation is barely better than the one-week vacation because there are no new memories added .
for the remembering self , a second whisper is hardly better than the wreck laugh , because there &apos;s no new memories .
for the memory itself , a two-weekly speaker lurb is hardly better better than the winner pencil , because there &apos;s no new memories to be added .

und wir beginnen , indem wir den müll nehmen , der bereits existiert , der in diesen kühlbecken oder trockenbehältern bei den reaktoren liegt . das ist unser startbrennstoff .
and we start off actually by taking the waste that exists today , that &apos;s sitting in these cooling pools or dry casking by reactors -- that &apos;s our fuel to begin with .
and we start by taking the waste that exists already in these refrigerators or drum reactor at the reactor . this is our fuel fuel .
and we start by taking the garbage , which is already exists in these refrigerators or drives on the reactor . that &apos;s our strong fuel .

ich habe eine firma , die design und animationen macht , graffiti ist also zwangsläufig ein komplexer teil dessen , was wir in der kunstwelt bewundern und achten .
i have a company that does design and animation , so obviously graffiti is definitely an intricate part of what we admire and respect in the art world .
i have a company that makes animations and animations , graffiti is a complex part of what we &apos;re looking at in the art world .
i have a company that makes design and animations , so graffiti is a complex part of what we &apos;re looking at in the art world .

wir haben diese ganzen superkräfte , glückselige produktivität , die fähigkeit , enge soziale netze zu knüpfen , dringlichkeits-optimismus und das verlangen nach epischer bedeutung .
we have all these amazing superpowers : blissful productivity , the ability to weave a tight social fabric , this feeling of urgent optimism and the desire for epic meaning .
we have all these superpowers , happily happier productivity , the ability to defend social nets , drouter optimism and desire for episode .
we have all these superpowers , happier productivity , the ability to acquire social networks , disseminate optimism optimism and the desire for episode .

ich habe nicht die haut meines geliebten fisches erwähnt , die köstlich war , und ich mag keine fischhaut . ich mag sie nicht sautiert . ich mag sie nicht knusprig .
i didn &apos;t mention the skin of my beloved fish , which was delicious -- and i don &apos;t like fish skin ; i don &apos;t like it seared , i don &apos;t like it crispy .
i didn &apos;t mention the skin of my beloved fish that was delicious , and i don &apos;t like fishing . i don &apos;t like it . i don &apos;t like it . i don &apos;t like it .
i didn &apos;t mention the skin of my loved fish that was delicious , and i don &apos;t like fish . i don &apos;t like them clean . i don &apos;t like them .

vielleicht ist das momentane konzept , das nur darauf achtet , was in einem kaputt ist , und wie wir das reparieren , für jeden einzelnen eine größere behinderung als die pathologie an sich .
perhaps the existing model of only looking at what is broken in you and how do we fix it , serves to be more disabling to the individual than the pathology itself .
maybe the momentous concept , which is just about it , which is broken in a broken , and how we repair that , for every single more disability than the pathology .
maybe the idea is the concept that &apos;s only indicating in a broken , and how we fix that , for every single one of the individual disability as the pathology of empathy .

die übergangsstelle ist nun dort , wo diese gemeinschaften so nahe zusammenrückten , dass sie sich entschlossen , das rezept für die ganze gemeinschaft in eine zeichenkette auf die dna zu schreiben .
now the transition point happened when these communities got so close that , in fact , they got together and decided to write down the whole recipe for the community together on one string of dna .
now , the overwhelmed place is where these communities are so close to be that they decided to write the recipe for the entire community in a labeled chain on dna .
now , the overlap is there where these communities are so close to their communities , that they decided to write the recipe for the whole community in a drawing chain to write the dna .

der neu definierte arzt ist ein mensch , weiß um seine menschlichkeit , akzeptiert sie , ist nicht stolz darauf fehler zu machen , aber setzt alles daran etwas aus ihnen zu lernen , sodass es weitergegeben werden kann .
the redefined physician is human , knows she &apos;s human , accepts it , isn &apos;t proud of making mistakes , but strives to learn one thing from what happened that she can teach to somebody else .
the new physician is a human being knows to embrace his humanity , she &apos;s not proud of making mistakes , but to learn everything from them so that it can continue .
the new doctor is a human being knows to be accepted to make his humanity , is not proud to make mistakes , but all of them learn from them to learn so that it can be connected .

falls sie schon einmal die yanomami gesehen haben , wie sie dieses zeug schnupfen , diese substanz , die sie aus verschiedenen arten herstellen enthält ebenfalls methoxydimethyltryptamin .
if you &apos;ve ever seen the yanomami blowing that snuff up their noses , that substance they make from a different set of species also contains methoxydimethyltryptamine .
if you &apos;ve seen the yanoe geoe , as you put this stuff , these substance , which contains them from different kinds of different kinds of methodic tamins .
if you &apos;ve seen the yanoi , you &apos;ve seen this stuff like this stuff , these substance that you &apos;ve also found out of different species that you &apos;ve also found out of different types of turkey .

wenn sich das dumme göttliche genie , das dir zur seite gestellt ist , entscheidet , für einen kurzen moment einen hauch von wunder durch deine anstrengung zu zeigen , dann <unk> olé ! <unk>
if the divine , cockeyed genius assigned to your case decides to let some sort of wonderment be glimpsed , for just one moment through your efforts , then &quot; ole ! &quot;
if the stupid gene divinity , the side of you are here , decides for a brief moment to show you a wonder of wonder through your effort , then you can make some coherent .
if the dutch divinity genius , which gives you to the page , is a short moment for a short moment to show you a miracle of wonder by your effort , then it &apos;s interesting .

stellen sie sich ihren nächsten urlaub vor , sie wissen , dass am ende des urlaubs alle ihre bilder vernichtet werden und sie bekommen ein amnestisches medikament , so dass sie sich an nichts erinnern werden .
imagine that for your next vacation , you know that at the end of the vacation all your pictures will be destroyed , and you &apos;ll get an amnesic drug so that you won &apos;t remember anything .
imagine your next urb , you know , at the end of the mutilates , you &apos;re going to cut all your images , and you get a neamic drug , so you &apos;re not going to remember anything .
imagine your next speaker , you know that at the end of the speaker , you get all the images and you get a nice drug drug that you &apos;re not going to remember .

es gibt aber auch symbolische funktionen , warum gibt jemand für so ein kleines täschchen , wo sowieso kaum was reinpasst , so horrende summen an geld aus , obwohl es gar nicht so praktisch ist ?
but there are also symbolic functions ; why does someone spend such horrendous sums of money on such a little bag that you can hardly fit anything into , even when it &apos;s not very practical ?
but there &apos;s also symbolic functions , why are someone so small for a little valid , where the soundscape doesn &apos;t fit so much money from money , even though it &apos;s not that practical ?
but there &apos;s also symbolic functions , why is somebody so small for a little bit of a little bit , where almost no matter what &apos;s going on , so horror money from money , even though it &apos;s not so practical ?

ich habe in meiner tasche einen scheck , ausgestellt auf die oberorganisation der ted-organisation , die sapling-stiftung -- einen scheck in höhe von $ 7100 , um meinen ted-auftritt im nächsten jahr zu finanzieren .
i have in my pocket a check made out to the parent organization to the ted organization , the sapling foundation -- a check for $ 7,100 to be applied toward my attendance for next year &apos;s ted .
i &apos;ve put a cup in my pocket , on the top of the ted organization , the sapling foundation -- a squck of $ 7,000-dollar in order to fund my ted year in the next year .
i &apos;ve spent a check in my pocket , on the top of the ted organization , the sacrifice foundation -- a check in height of $ 7,100 to funding my ted next year .

es sollte unser ziel sein , dass , wenn familien darüber nachdenken , wo sie leben und arbeiten wollen , ihnen die möglichkeit gegeben ist , zwischen mindestens einer hand voll verschiedener städte auszuwählen , die alle in konkurrenz um neue bewohner stehen .
our new goal should be that when every family thinks about where they want to live and work , they should be able to choose between at least a handful of different cities that were all competing to attract new residents .
it should be our goal that if families think about it , where they want to live and work and work , you know , the opportunity to choose between at least one of different cities that are all in competent to stand new residents .
it should be our goal that if families think about it , where they want to work and work with them , the opportunity to choose between at least one hand &apos;s full of different cities that are all competing in competition to stand up new resistance .

und schließlich , kurz bevor sie keine zeit mehr haben , nimmt jemand den marshmallow und sie setzen ihn behutsam auf die spitze , treten einen schritt zurück und &quot; ta-da &quot; ! bewundern sie ihre arbeit .
and then finally , just as they &apos;re running out of time , someone takes out the marshmallow , and then they gingerly put it on top , and then they stand back , and -- ta-da ! -- they admire their work .
and finally , before you don &apos;t have time to have time , somebody takes the marshmallow and put it on the top , put a step back and forth .
and finally , before you don &apos;t have time , somebody takes the marshmallow , and they put it back to the top , step back to a step back and &quot; ta-tape ! don &apos;t you do your work .

aber eigentlich ist diese note für die dinge die wir unternehmen , die nicht komplett zu den großen reduktionen führen , nur gleich , oder sogar etwas weniger wichtig wie die andere , welche die schnelligkeit der innovation für diese durchbrüche darstellt .
but in some ways , the grade we get there , doing things that don &apos;t get us all the way to the big reductions , is only equally , or maybe even slightly less , important than the other , which is the piece of innovation on these breakthroughs .
but in fact , this note is this note for the things that we do not have to remove the entire scale of large infections , or even less importantly , as much as the other ones that represent the speed of innovation for those breakthroughs .
but in fact , this note for the things that we do not lead to the corporations of the big lessons , or even less important as the other ones , which is the speed of innovation .

und was man damit machen kann und eben auch ganz gezielt auf die gesellschaft damit zuzugehen und zu fragen , so , okay , was wisst ihr , was was wollt ihr mitmachen , habt ihr interesse daran , euch damit so einzubringen ?
and what you can do with it and approaching society very targetedly and asking , right , okay , what do you know , what what do you want to get involved in , are you interested in getting involved in this way ?
and what you can do with it , and you can actually go around to society and ask questions like this , okay , what you know , what you want to do , what you want to be interested in trying to bring you interested in this ?
and what you can do with this , and you can go to the society and ask them , so okay , what you know , what you want to do , what do you want to do with it ?

und meine nase steckte immer in einem buch , einem science-fiction-buch , das meine gedanken in andere welten entführte und auf erzählerische weise meine tief in mir sitzende , unersättliche neugier befriedigte .
and i was always absorbed in a book , science fiction book , which took my mind to other worlds , and satisfied , in a narrative form , this insatiable sense of curiosity that i had .
and my nose always stepped in a book , an sciencing book , which led my thoughts in other worlds and led my narrative to my storytelling in me , inspiring curiosity .
and my nose always stepped in a book , a science book , which led my thoughts to other worlds , and my narrative in me deep , uncomfortable curiosity .

das ist die karte eines kleinen organismus , mycoplasma geitalium , der das kleinste genom einer spezies besitzt die sich selbst im labor replizieren kann . und wir haben versucht ob wir das mit einem noch kleineren genom erreichen können .
this is the map of a small organism , mycoplasma genitalium , that has the smallest genome for a species that can self-replicate in the laboratory , and we &apos;ve been trying to just see if we can come up with an even smaller genome .
the map is the map of a small organism , mycoplasma spider , the smallest genome of a species that can replicate themselves in the lab , and we &apos;ve tried to do this with a smaller genome .
so this is the map of a small organism , mycoplasma spiral , the smallest genome of a species of species that can replicate themselves in the lab , and we &apos;ve tried to achieve whether we can achieve the smaller genome .

und ich möchte etwas sagen , das für eine feministin etwas radikal ist , und zwar denke ich , dass es verschiedene arten einsichten geben könnte , die von verschiedenen arten der anatomie herrühren , insbesonders wenn menschen ein gruppendenken anwenden .
and i want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that is that i think that there may be different kinds of insights that can come from different kinds of anatomies , particularly when we have people thinking in groups .
and i want to say something that is a very radical thing for a feminist , and i think there might be different kinds of insight that might be given by different kinds of atomic anatomy , especially when people think of a group .
and i want to say something that is a feminist something radically radical , and i think there might be different kinds of insight that could be designed by various kinds of atoms of anatomy , especially if people do a group .

unmittelbar nach dieser wahl , zwischen dem 21. und dem 24. februar , reiste eine delegation von ungefähr 30 hunduranern an die zwei orte der welt , die am meisten daran interessiert waren , in das geschäft des städtebaus einzusteigen .
immediately after that vote , on february 21st to the 24th , a delegation of about 30 hondurans went to the two places in the world that are most interested in getting into the city building business .
unmediated by this election between the 21st and the 24th and february , a rice of about 30 famine allowed to the two places that were interested in most of the world , most of the business of the building .
immensely by this election , between the 21st and the 24th of 24th , one of the biggest election of about 30 famine on the two places that were most interested in the city of the city .

dies ist ein problem , da die erwärmung den gefrorenen grund um den arktischen ozean auftaut , in dem es grosse mengen an gefrorenem kohlenstoff gibt , welcher , wenn er auftaut , von mikroben zu methan umgesetzt wird .
this is a problem because the warming heats up the frozen ground around the arctic ocean , where there is a massive amount of frozen carbon which , when it thaws , is turned into methane by microbes .
this is a problem because the global warming is looking for the arctic ocean ocean , where there &apos;s huge amounts of hydrogen carbon , which is a huge amount of carbon , which if it &apos;s deployed by microbes of microbes .
this is a problem , because the global warming is frozen to look at the arctic ocean , where there &apos;s huge amounts of frozen carbon dioxide , which is when it comes from microbes to micromethane .

und da sieht man schon , dass man a unsere sieben sinne , die meisten denken wir haben nur fünf , mittlerweile sind &apos; s sogar schon sieben anerkannte , da kommt sicherlich in naher zukunft noch der nächste , achte sinn hinzu , und als erweiterung auch wieder unserer selbst .
and there you see that , that people a our seven senses , most people think we only have five , but today there are seven officially recognised senses , and in the near future the next , the eighth sense will probably be added to it and as an extension of ourselves again .
and there you can see that there &apos;s a seven senses that we think we &apos;re only five now , we &apos;re even seven in fact seven , there &apos;s certainly seven in the middle of the future that &apos;s going to be in the next future , and as extension of our self .
and since you can see that we have seven senses that we have only five years ago , but it &apos;s even seven , there &apos;s certainly been seven , there &apos;s certainly going to be in the next future , the next thing , and as an extension of our own self .

ich habe im abschluss und ich hoffe , das video funktioniert , ein sehr , sehr schönes projekt mitgebracht , das ist die bachelorarbeit von michael burk , ann-kathrin krenz , joris klause und jan-moritz müller .
to finish , i brought along , and i hope the video works , a very , very beautiful project , which are the final bachelor &apos;s projects by michael burk , ann-kathrin krenz , joris klause and jan-moritz <<unk>> ller .
i &apos;m in graduate , and i hope the video works , a very , very beautiful project , which is the bachelori work of michael burcan , annian cap , jordan , jordan and janityz .
and i &apos;ve done this in the degree , and i hope that the video works , a very , very beautiful project , which is the bachelan work of michael burks , bench , cocry , jori , jori and janitris .

ich möchte auch darauf hinweisen , dass ich nicht sicher bin , dass wir rechte in bezug auf menschen derart verteilen sollen , weil ich zugeben muss , dass ich eine reihe golden retriever kenne , die wahrscheinlich sozialleistungen eher verdienen als manche menschen , die ich kenne .
i also want to point out that i &apos;m not sure that is how we should distribute rights in terms of humans , because , i have to admit , that there are some golden retrievers i know that are probably more deserving of social services than some humans i know .
i also want to point out that i &apos;m not sure that we should be divided in terms of people in terms of ways , because i have to admit that i have to know that i know a series of trivial trivial , probably the socials are more likely than some people i know .
i also want to point out that i &apos;m not sure that we should be able to share with people in terms of people , because i have to admit that i &apos;ve got to know a series of options that are probably more likely to make soundscape than some people that i know .

und jetzt könnte man darüber reden , warum das eine täuschung ist , warum man nicht wahrnimmt , dass hier unten nur drei finger zu sehen sind : weil der verstand und die art , wie er informationen verarbeitet , sie nicht einzeln zählt , eins , zwei , drei , sondern sie als gruppe sieht .
and we could talk about why this is deceptive , why you don &apos;t notice there are only three fingers down here , because the mind , and the way it processes information , it doesn &apos;t count , one , two , three . it groups them .
and now you could talk about why this is a deception , why you don &apos;t perceive to see that there &apos;s only three fingers down here : because the mind and the way the information works , not counting it , one , two , three , but as a group .
and now you could talk about why this is a deception , why you don &apos;t perceive that there &apos;s only three fingers down here : because the sense of understanding and the way it works , it doesn &apos;t count information , two , two , but as a group .

diese neugier zeigte sich auch darin , dass ich immer , wenn ich nicht in der schule war , durch die wälder streunte , wanderte und &quot; proben &quot; sammelte , frösche und schlangen und käfer und teichwasser , alles nach hause brachte und unter dem mikroskop betrachtete .
and you know , that curiosity also manifested itself in the fact that whenever i wasn &apos;t in school i was out in the woods , hiking and taking &quot; samples &quot; -- frogs and snakes and bugs and pond water -- and bringing it back , looking at it under the microscope .
and this curiosity also showed up that i was always in school when i was not in school , through the forests of the wounds , and we went , &quot; samples &quot; samples , &quot; melting and frogs and snakes and snakes and snakes and beetles and water , and he brought home to the microscope .
this curiosity also showed me that when i was not in school , through the forests of the forests , traveled and &quot; samples , &quot; frozen , frozen and frogs and snakes and snakes , all of the water and all came home and looked at the microscope .

als folge davon ist er jetzt besonders anfällig für diese schizophrenen phasen . die sind manchmal so schlimm , und er tagelang verschwindet , in den straßen von skid row herumwandert , immer diesem horror und den folterqualen seines eigenen geistes ausgesetzt .
but as a result now , he is prone to these schizophrenic episodes , the worst of which can manifest themselves as and then disappearing for days , wandering the streets of skid row , exposed to its horrors , with the torment of his own mind unleashed upon him .
now , as a consequence of this , it &apos;s especially anxious for these schizophrenic stages , and sometimes it &apos;s so bad , and he &apos;s disappeared , and he &apos;s disappeared in the streets of skull around the street , and this horror and the horror of his own mind .
now , as a result of it , it &apos;s particularly devastating for these phases , and they &apos;re sometimes so bad , and he wasted in the streets of candy around the streets , and the horror of this horror and the horror of his own minds .

sie summieren das ausgestoßene co2 , welches zur temperaturerhöhung führt und diese temperaturerhöhung hat einige sehr negative folgen . effekte auf das wetter und vielleicht schlimmer , die indirekte folge , dass die natürlichen ökosysteme sich solch rapiden veränderungen nicht anpassen können und somit ganze systeme zusammenfallen .
if you sum up the co2 that gets emitted , that leads to a temperature increase , and that temperature increase leads to some very negative effects : the effects on the weather ; perhaps worse , the indirect effects , in that the natural ecosystems can &apos;t adjust to these rapid changes , and so you get ecosystem collapses .
so , you add up the summerized carbon , which has increased the temperature , and this temperature has increased a few negative consequences , and effects on the sky , and perhaps worse , the evidence that the natural sequence of natural ecosystems can &apos;t adapt to the natural systems , and so that all the systems can fall together .
so , they summarize the extinction of co2 , which leads to temperature , and that temperature has increased a very negative , very negative effects , and perhaps worse on the weather and perhaps worse , the indirection that the natural ecosystems can &apos;t adapt to change the natural systems , so that all the systems can fall together .

ich meine , die meisten augenblicke unseres lebens -- und ich habe das ausgerechnet -- sie wissen , die psychologische gegenwart gilt als ungefähr drei sekunden lang . was bedeutet , wissen sie , dass es in einem leben ungefähr 600 millionen davon gibt . in einem monat gibt es ungefähr 600.000 . die meisten von ihnen hinterlassen keine spur .
i mean , most of the moments of our life -- and i calculated , you know , the psychological present is said to be about three seconds long ; that means that , you know , in a life there are about 600 million of them ; in a month , there are about 600,000 -- most of them don &apos;t leave a trace .
i mean , most of the moments of our lives -- and i &apos;ve done this -- you know , psychological presentation for about three seconds , which means that you know , for about three seconds , which means , you know , there are about 600 million lives in a month . there are about 60,000 million of them , and most of you don &apos;t leave them .
i mean , i mean , most eyewitnesses of our life -- and i &apos;ve got this out -- you know , the psychological present is about three seconds , which means that you know , in a lifetime , there &apos;s about 600 million of them in a month . there are about 600,000 in a month . most of them don &apos;t leave them .

diese idee rettete mich als ich mitten im schreibprozess von <unk> eat , pray , love <unk> war . ich fiel in eine dieser gruben des zweifels in die wir alle fallen , wenn wir an etwas arbeiten und es nicht klappt . du fängst an zu denken , dass es ein desaster wird . das wird das schlechteste buch , das je geschrieben wurde .
this idea , it saved me when i was in the middle of writing &quot; eat , pray , love , &quot; and i fell into one of those , sort of pits of despair that we all fall into when we &apos;re working on something and it &apos;s not coming and you start to think this is going to be a disaster , this is going to be the worst book ever written .
and this idea saved me as i was in the middle of a writing process , pray , and i fell into one of the slice of the two , and i fell in one of the two branches that we fall in , when we all work on something , and we don &apos;t work on it . you think it &apos;s going to think that it &apos;s the most astonishing book that &apos;s ever written .
this idea was a review when i was in the midst of editor , pray , love , love . i was in one of the words of the two , we all fall in the two , when we &apos;re working on something , and we &apos;re not working on it , you &apos;re going to think it &apos;s going to be a book that it &apos;s written . the worst book was written .

gehen wir nun einen schritt zurück in die zeit des urknalls vor 14 billion jahren -- die erde , das sonnensystem , vor etwa viereinhalb milliarden jahren - die ersten anzeichen von lebewesen , vielleicht vor drei bis vier millarden jahren auf der erde - die ersten mehr-zelligen organismen , vielleicht so viel als 800 oder einer milliarde jahren - und dann die menschlichen spezies , welche sich in den letzten 130.000 jahre schließlich formt .
now let &apos;s take a step back in time to the big bang , 14 billion years ago -- the earth , the solar system , about four and a half billion years -- the first signs of proto-life , maybe three to four billion years ago on earth -- the first multi-celled organisms , perhaps as much as 800 or a billion years ago -- and then the human species , finally emerging in the last 130,000 years .
now , let &apos;s go back to the time of the big bang , 14 years ago -- the earth , the solar system , about four billion years ago -- the first sign of animals , maybe three or four billion years ago , until four billion years ago , on earth &apos;s earth -- perhaps the first multi-organisms , perhaps as much as a hundred or 800 years ago -- and then the species of the 130,000 years ago .
now , let &apos;s take a step back to the big bang in the last 14 billion years ago -- the earth , the solar system , about four and a half billion years ago -- the first signature of creatures , maybe three to four billion years ago on earth -- the first few years ago , perhaps as much as a species , or a billion years ago -- and then the species in the last 1300,000 years .

während ich im vergangenen jahr nach modellen dafür gesucht habe , um das zu tun , habe ich auch in der vergangenheit gesucht und ich habe versucht , andere gesellschaften zu finden , um zu sehen , ob sie eventuell bessere oder vernünftigere ideen darüber hatten als wir , wie man kreativen helfen kann , mit den emotionalen risiken umzugehen , die mit kreativität verbunden sind .
and , as i &apos;ve been looking over the last year for models for how to do that i &apos;ve been sort of looking across time , and i &apos;ve been trying to find other societies to see if they might have had better and saner ideas than we have about how to help creative people , sort of manage the inherent emotional risks of creativity .
during the past year i &apos;ve been looking for models for models for what i &apos;ve been doing , i &apos;ve also tried to do in the past , and i &apos;ve tried to find other societies to see whether they &apos;re better or better , or more reasonable ideas about how to help us deal with the creativity that are connected to creativity .
in the past year i &apos;ve been looking for models for models for the last year to do this , i &apos;ve also been looking in the past , and i &apos;ve tried to find other societies to see if they might be able to see whether they might have better or better ideas about how we could help with the emotional risks that are connected with creativity .

und so landete ich bei den leuten , die sich für den weltraum interessieren und die mit der nasa zu tun haben und im nasa-sachverständigenrat sitzen und richtige weltraummissionen planen . sie fahren nach russland , durchlaufen vor der mission das biomedizinische protokoll samt allem drum und dran , fliegen dann zur internationalen weltraumstation und nehmen unsere 3d-kamerasysteme mit .
and i wound up getting involved with the space community , really involved with nasa , sitting on the nasa advisory board , planning actual space missions , going to russia , going through the pre-cosmonaut biomedical protocols , and all these sorts of things , to actually go and fly to the international space station with our 3d camera systems .
and so i ended up looking at people who are interested in the worlds , and i ended up looking at people who are interested in the worlds and interested in the worlds that have to do with nasa and to do with nasa diarrhea , and the right space and the right dream of space , and they &apos;re going to go to russia , and they &apos;re walking around the country , and then we &apos;re going to go through the social protocod , and then we &apos;re going to take our dream of international , and then we &apos;re going to take our dream with the mum with the m.
and so i ended up with people who were interested in the space and i spent the people who are interested in the space and who have the dream of nasa and the nasa with nasa and the execution , and in the right currency , and they &apos;re going to plan . they &apos;re going to go through the country , they &apos;re going to go through the country , the country of all over the country , to the country , and then go into the cat the cat and then take 30s , and then we &apos;re going to go into the munior , and we &apos;re going to take the munior the munior , and we &apos;re going to do with the munions .

