ja .
yes .
yeah .
yes .

vielleicht nicht .
maybe not .
maybe not .
maybe not .

vielen dank .
thank you very much .
thank you .
thank you .

ich weiß nicht .
i don &apos;t know .
i don &apos;t know .
i don &apos;t know .

musik als sprache .
music as language .
music as language .
music as language .

die sonne geht auf
the sun is rising .
the sun goes on .
the sun goes to the sun .

lento , langsam .
lento , slow .
lento , slowly .
lento , slowly .

diese tage sind vorbei .
and those days are gone .
these days are over .
these days are over .

ziemlich gut , nicht ?
pretty good , right ?
pretty good , not ?
pretty good , right ?

warum tun wir das ?
why do we do that ?
why do we do that ?
why do we do that ?

dankeschön .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

in china war es anders .
it was different in china .
in china , it was different .
in china , it was different .

es hat milliarden von denen .
there are billions of them .
it has billions of people .
it has billions of those .

ooh , danke schön .
aww , thank you .
ooh , thank you .
oh , thank you .

es gibt online-kriminelle .
we have online criminals .
there are online criminals .
there are online criminals .

das kennen die meisten hier .
most people here have heard of them .
that &apos;s what most of you know .
this is what most of you know .

was was ist da eigentlich passiert ?
what what happened there ?
what &apos;s actually happening there ?
what &apos;s actually happening there ?

eigentlich machte ich zwei fehler .
actually , i made two more mistakes .
in fact , i made two mistakes .
in fact , i made two mistakes .

so was warum jetzt hacken ?
so what why hacking ?
so why now hack ?
so why now hacks ?

also lassen sie mich sie erinnern .
so let me remind you .
so let me remind you .
so let me remind you .

manchmal ist die perspektive die illusion .
sometimes the perspective is the illusion .
sometimes the perspective is the illusion .
sometimes the perspective is the illusion .

welches würden sie am meisten gefallen ?
which one would you like the most ?
what would you like most of them ?
what would you like to most ?

es war mein erster sonnenbrand .
this was my first sunburn .
it was my first sunlight .
it was my first sunfire .

das ist es , ganz einfach .
it &apos;s this , just like this .
that &apos;s it , very simple .
that &apos;s it , very simple .

was versuchen sie zu erreichen ? «
tell me what you &apos;re trying to do . &quot;
what are you trying to do ? &quot;
what are they trying to do ? &quot;

ihre familie versammelte sich .
and the family gathered .
her family melted .
their family gathered .

wird es weniger als 20 dollar kosten ?
will it be under $ 20 ?
will it cost less than 20 dollars ?
will it cost less than 20 dollars ?

mir schießt etwas durch den kopf .
something shoots through my head .
i &apos;m going to shoot something through the head .
i &apos;m going to shoot a little bit through the head .

er steht also genau in der mitte .
so it &apos;s right in the middle .
so he &apos;s right in the middle .
so it &apos;s right in the middle .

sie waren genetisch erdrückt worden .
they had been pushed genetically .
they were genetically armed .
they were embedded .

ein jahr lang hatten wir keinen cent .
for a year we were penniless .
for a year , we had no cents .
for a year , we had no cents .

nein , nein , das geht nicht .
no , no , that &apos;s not possible .
no , no , that &apos;s not going .
no , no , that &apos;s not .

die steine sind farbcodiert .
the bricks are color-coded .
the stones are color .
the stones are color codes .

und jeder in diesem raum muss hinein .
and everyone in this room has to get into it .
and everybody in this room has to be in .
and everybody in this room has to be in .

vor allem , wenn er schon gestorben ist .
especially if he &apos;s already dead .
most of all , if he died .
most of all , when he died .

damit können also männer keine schweine sein .
so humans can &apos;t be pigs .
so men can &apos;t be pigs .
so men can &apos;t be pigs .

ich denke , dass das richtig cool ist .
i think this is really cool .
i think that &apos;s really cool .
i think that &apos;s really cool .

sexuelle fortpflanzung tritt ins bild .
sexual reproduction enters the picture .
sexual nutrition comes into the image .
sexuality continues to the picture .

das ist so ein getragenes teil .
it &apos;s a solemn part .
this is such a contract part .
this is such a trajectory .

dies ist eine bescheidene kleine app .
this is a modest little app .
this is a small app .
this is a small app .

wir haben in diesem land jetzt masern .
we have measles in this country now .
we now have masses in this country .
we have in this country now .

dies ist ein jährlicher tauwasserfluss .
this is an annual melting river .
this is a year of water flow .
this is a year of water river .

das ziel des ganzen films ist transparenz .
the goal of this whole film is transparency .
the goal of the whole film is transparency .
the goal of the whole film is transparency .

für welche maßnahmen appelliere ich ?
what am i appealing to you to step forward and drive ?
what do i do ?
what kind of application i did ?

kannst du sie mir jetzt auch in blau spielen ?
can you play it in blue now ?
can you play me in blue ?
can you play me now in blue ?

inzwischen haben sich die instrumente fortentwickelt .
instruments have developed .
inherently , the instruments have evolved .
between content , the instruments evolved .

das heißt etwas was in der stadt gebaut ist .
that means something built in a city .
that &apos;s what &apos;s built in the city .
that &apos;s something that &apos;s built in the city .

sie befinden sich im hinteren teil unseres körpers .
they &apos;re in the back of our body .
they &apos;re in the back of our body .
they &apos;re in the back of our body .

unser ziel war es einfach zu sagen , okay ,
our objective was to simply say , okay ,
our goal was simple to say , okay .
our goal was easy to say , okay .

aber es hat eine unerwartete wendung .
but it has an unexpected twist .
but it has an unexpected waste .
but it has an unexpected point .

lassen sie es mich ihnen aus der nähe zeigen .
let me give you good close look at this .
let me show you it from the near .
let me show you from the near .

dass das thema ökologie ein globales ist .
that the theme of ecology is a global theme .
that the theme of ecology is a globally global .
that the theme of ecology is a global .

das geschichtenerzählen gebraucht immer mehr sinne .
storytelling is becoming more and more multi-sensorial .
the storyteller always needs more senses .
the storyteller needs more senses .

und alles ist ja verpackung oder inhalt .
and everything is either the packaging or the contents .
and everything is packaged or content .
and everything is kind of package or content .

sie investieren keine zeit in machtkämpfe .
they don &apos;t spend time jockeying for power .
they don &apos;t invest time in power .
they don &apos;t invest in mammals .

ich sagte : » worüber redest du ? «
i said , &quot; well , what are you talking about ? &quot;
i said , &quot; what are you talking about ? &quot;
i said , &quot; what are you talking about ? &quot;

also für ihn waren sie nur bauklötze .
so to him , they were just blocks .
so for him , they were just bloody .
so for him , they were just building blocks .

das triebe die u.s. für hunderte von jahren an .
that would power the u.s. for hundreds of years .
this is the u.s. for hundreds of years .
the u.s. government for hundreds of years .

gute nacht , süße beutelratte . &quot;
goodnight sweet opossum . &quot;
good night , sweet threshold . &quot;
good night , sweet rat . &quot;

denn andernfalls wäre unser problem sogar noch größer .
because otherwise , our problems would even be bigger .
because otherwise our problem is even bigger .
because otherwise our problem would be even bigger .

für nathaniel bedeutet musik seelische gesundheit .
and for nathaniel , music is sanity .
for nathaniel , music means sean health .
for nathaniel , music means seelian health .

der übergang geschieht . wir können es alle fühlen .
that transition is happening . we can all sense it .
the transition is happening . we can all feel it .
the transition happens . we can feel it all .

wir wollen masseninhaftierungen abschaffen . «
we &apos;re trying to end mass incarceration . &quot;
we want to create mass content . &quot;
we want to create mass inferences . &quot;

man macht etwas , das eigentlich ein wenig anders ist .
you &apos;re doing something that &apos;s actually a little bit different .
you do something that &apos;s actually a little bit different .
you do something that &apos;s actually a little different .

ich bin nicht teil dieser gruppe , muss ich sagen .
i &apos;m not part of that crowd , i have to say .
i &apos;m not part of this group , i have to say .
i &apos;m not part of this group , i have to say .

wieso mache ich das ? was kommt dabei heraus ? &quot;
why am i doing this ? what do i get out of it ? &quot;
why do i do that ? what &apos;s going on ? &quot;
why do i do that ? what &apos;s going on ? &quot;

hier sind also ein paar natürliche glühwürmchen .
so here we have some natural fireflies .
so here are some natural light bulbs .
so here &apos;s a couple of natural light worms .

diese frauen trafen sich also und unterhielten sich einfach .
and these women would get together and just talk .
so these women met , and they just went .
so these women were trading , and they just got themselves .

&quot; schau dir ihre bäuche an , pink .
&quot; look at their bellies , pink .
&quot; look at your bones , pink .
&quot; look at your sales , pink .

ich zeige ihnen hier einfach nur die new york times website .
i &apos;m just showing the new york times website here .
i just show you the new york times website .
i &apos;m just showing you just the new york times .

ich werde niemals mehr so spielen , wie in diesem moment .
i will never again play as i did in this moment .
i &apos;m never going to play more like this right now .
i &apos;m never going to play more like this right now .

er sagte : » ich bin so stolz auf sie . «
he said , &quot; i &apos;m so proud of you . &quot;
he said , &quot; i &apos;m so proud of you . &quot;
he said , &quot; i &apos;m so proud of you . &quot;

sie bekommen niemals eine aufgabe , die sie nicht lösen können .
they never give you a challenge that you can &apos;t achieve .
they never get a task that they can &apos;t solve .
you never get a task that you can &apos;t solve .

in wirklichkeit sind die noten sehr vage und ungenau .
in reality the notes are very vague and imprecise .
in reality , the notes are very , very unprecedented .
in fact , the notes are very fathers and not exactly .

und dann bieten wir einen dieser großartigen düfte an .
so we &apos;ll offer one of these fabulous scents .
and then we offer one of these great dust .
and then we offer one of these great dress .

viele sprechen von einer 80 % reduktion bis 2050 .
for 2050 , you &apos;ve heard many people talk about this 80 percent reduction .
many talk about 80 percent reduction to 2050 .
many of a 80 percent reduction by 2050 .

und der fisch hatte auch das glück , noch da zu sein .
and the fish also were happy to be there .
and the fish was also lucky to be there .
and the fish also had the happiness to be there .

für die unteren zwei milliarden aber ist es ein desaster .
the disaster is for that two billion .
for the bottom two billion , it &apos;s a disaster .
for the bottom two billion , it &apos;s a disaster .

es ist eine debatte über wörter , über metaphern .
it &apos;s a debate about words , about metaphors .
it &apos;s a debate about words , about metaphors .
it &apos;s a debate about words , about metaphors .

nun , der energiepreis ist über die zeit gefallen .
now , the price of energy has come down over time .
well , the energy source is over time .
well , the energy source is over time .

er ist ein biologe bei veta la palma .
he &apos;s a biologist at veta la palma .
he &apos;s a biologist at veta la ah palma .
he &apos;s a biologist at veteteta palma palma .

aber was , wenn man die pinselstriche sehen will ?
but what if you want to see brush strokes ?
but what if you want to see the paintings ?
but what if you want to see the slides ?

stellen sie sich vor diese bildpunkte könnten wirklich anfangen zu fliegen .
that &apos;s , imagine those pixels could actually start flying .
imagine making these imagery really could start flying .
imagine these imagery could really start flying into flies .

ich hoffe , sie freuen sich schon darauf . vielen dank .
i hope you &apos;re looking forward to that . thank you very much .
i hope you &apos;re very excited about this . thank you very much .
i hope you &apos;re excited about it . thank you very much .

und die ganz zeit sammelte ich mehr und mehr wissen .
and all the while , i was amassing more and more knowledge .
and the time i collected more and more knowledge .
and the very time i collected more and more knowledge .

und ich meine nicht nur weniger erfolgreich , obwohl das dazu gehört .
and i don &apos;t mean just good as in successful , although that &apos;s part of it .
and i don &apos;t just mean less successful , even though that &apos;s heard .
and i don &apos;t just mean less successful , even though that belongs .

heute möchte ich ihnen von kreisen und offenbarungen erzählen .
i &apos;m here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
today i want to tell you about circles and openness .
today , i want to tell you about circles and openings .

zweitens , wenn er recht hat , dann hat er keine seele .
these things are logically correct .
second , if he &apos;s right , he doesn &apos;t have a soul .
second , if he &apos;s right , he doesn &apos;t have a soul .

die kosten für solarenergie fielen im letzten jahr um 50 prozent .
the cost of solar dropped 50 percent last year .
the cost of solar energy last year was 50 percent .
the cost of solar energy over the last 50 percent .

denn ihr leben hing davon ab , ob sie den job richtig machten .
in fact , their life depended on doing the job .
because your life depends on whether you did the job right .
because your life depended on whether they did the job right .

wenn sie mich das heute fragen , bin ich mir nicht so sicher .
but if you ask me today , i &apos;m not so sure .
if you ask me this today , i &apos;m not so sure .
if you ask me this today , i &apos;m not so sure .

dieser zweite fisch , das ist eine andere art von liebesgeschichte .
this second fish , it &apos;s a different kind of love story .
this second fish , that &apos;s a different kind of history .
the second fish , that &apos;s a different kind of narrative .

und die leben lebten in der küstenregion von british columbia .
they live lived in the coastal region of british columbia .
and life lived in the coastal region of british columbia .
and life lived in the kitchen region of british columbia .

das ist ein faszinierendes abenteuer , auf das man geht .
this is an amazing story and adventure for you to go on .
this is a fascinating adventure where you go .
this is a fascinating adventure that you &apos;re going to do .

ich werde wahrscheinlich nicht alle von ihnen auf diese reise mitnehmen können .
i &apos;m not , probably , going to bring you all along with me on this .
i &apos;m probably not going to take all of you on this journey .
i &apos;m probably not going to take all of you on this journey .

da liegen uns fälle vor , wie der von diginotar .
and then we look at cases like what happened in diginotar .
there are accidents in front of us , like the inootar .
there we are accidents like the ingenious .

und das bedeutet freien zugriff , das bedeutet offen und produktiv .
and that means permissionless , it means open , it means generative .
and that means free access , which means open and productive .
and that means free , which means open and productive .

das heißt , es geht um effektivität , nicht um effizienz .
so it &apos;s about effectivity , not efficiency .
that is , it &apos;s about efficiency , not efficiency .
that means that it &apos;s about effective efficiency , not about efficiency .

also es ist meiner meinung nach ein sehr gelungener hack .
so that was a very successful hack in my opinion .
so i think it &apos;s a very yellow hack .
so i think it &apos;s a very unyellow hack .

das geheimnis ist , dass das spiel der schlüssel zu diesen fertigkeiten ist .
the secret is that play is the key to these capacities .
the secret is that the game of the key is to these skills .
the secret is that the game is the key to these skills .

aber eine menge leute verfangen sich in einer sehr eigenartigen position .
but a lot of people get stuck in a very strange position .
but a lot of people are caught in a very strange position .
but a lot of people start in a very strange position .

wie wäre es mit einem satz neuer , nie zuvor gehörter stimmen .
how about a set of voices that have never been heard from before .
how about a new sentence , never agreed to vote before .
it would be with a new sentence , never before hearing hearing hearing .

selbst wenn sie sich jetzt erschießen würden , hätten sie emissionen .
even if you were to shoot yourself now , you &apos;d still have emissions .
even if you were to shoot now , you would have emissions .
even if you were to shoot now , you would have emissions .

ich bin traurig , dass wir einander niemals als erwachsene kennen gelernt haben .
i &apos;m disappointed that we never got to know each other as adults .
i &apos;m sad that we never know each other as adults .
i &apos;m sad that we never learned as adults .

diese leute werden mit dem film in ewigkeit verbunden sein – für immer .
these people will be married to the film in perpetuity -- forever .
these people will be connected to the film in forever -- always for .
these people will be connected to the film in eternal -- always for .

und das ist etwas , das wir lernen müssen , und zwar sehr schnell .
and it &apos;s something we need to learn , and we need to learn it really soon .
and that &apos;s something we need to learn , and it &apos;s very fast .
and that &apos;s something we need to learn , and very quickly .

sie können nur nullemissionen haben , wenn sie nicht da sind .
you can only have zero emissions if you don &apos;t exist .
you can only have nuclear missions when you &apos;re not there .
you can only have zerleversions , if you &apos;re not there .

lassen sie uns anfangen mit der frage : wie werden wir uns selbst ernähren ?
let &apos;s start by asking : how are we going to feed ourselves ?
let &apos;s start with the question : how are we going to feed ourselves ?
let &apos;s start with the question : how are we going to feed ourselves ?

aber eine weiße pille ist nicht so gut wie eine blaue pille .
but a white pill is not as good as a blue pill .
but a white mushroom is not as good as a blue mushroom .
but a white mushroom is not as good as a blue mushroom .

wir kennen nun neun städte , die planen , diese app zu nutzen .
so we now know of nine cities that are planning to use this .
we now know nine cities that are planning to use these app .
we now know nine cities that plan to use these app .

und diese apps lassen uns unsere hände benutzen , um unsere gemeinden zu verbessern .
and those applications let us use our hands to make our communities better .
and these apps are using our hands to improve our communities .
and these apps let us use our hands to improve our communities .

und dort entwickelten sie tolle apps , arbeiteten mit städtischen mitarbeitern .
and there they make great apps , they work with city staffers .
and they developed great apps , working with urban workers .
and they developed great apps , worked with urban mitters .

das ist nicht politisch aktiv sein , das ist bürokratisch aktiv sein .
that &apos;s not being politically active , that &apos;s being bureaucratically active .
that &apos;s not political active , that &apos;s bureaucratic .
that &apos;s not political active , that &apos;s office table .

diese futterverwertung von 2.5 zu 1 &quot; , sagte er .
that feed conversion ratio ? 2.5 to one , &quot; he said .
this feed of 2.5 to one , said , &quot; he said .
this charter of 2.5 to one , &quot; he said .

heutzutage , mehr als je zuvor , bringt uns ein bisschen ehrlichkeit sehr weit .
today , more than ever , a little honesty is going to go a long way .
today , more than ever before , we have a little more ambiguity .
today , more than ever before , we have a little bit of honesty .

so ein kleiner bub , der interessiert sich doch nicht fürs feuerlöschen .
he &apos;s interested in setting fires .
so a little bub , who &apos;s not interested in firelions .
so a little bub that doesn &apos;t care about fire .

viele benutzen das wort , wissen aber gar nicht , was es dann en detail bedeutet .
many people use the word but don &apos;t know what it means in detail .
a lot of people use the word , but don &apos;t know what it means .
many people use the word , but don &apos;t know what it means .

sie würde ihr kind nicht gegen kinderlähmung impfen . auf keinen fall .
she wasn &apos;t going to vaccinate her kid against polio , no way .
she wouldn &apos;t vaccinate her child against child paralysis . no case .
she wouldn &apos;t have her child against child &apos;s infancy . no case .

sie verursachen so was wie einen wasservorhang mit bildpunkten aus wasser .
you create like a water curtain with pixels made of water .
they cause things like a water cursor with points of water .
they cause things like a waterfront of imagery with screens of water .

und es war nicht auf grund meines oberarztes , er war sehr lieb .
and it wasn &apos;t because of my attending ; he was a doll .
and it wasn &apos;t on my chief , it was very much .
and it wasn &apos;t at the bottom of my chief , he was very quietly .

ein chromosom ist so nebenbei nur ein stück inertes chemisches material .
a chromosome , by the way , is just a piece of inert chemical material .
a chromosome is just a piece of chemical material .
a chromosome is just a piece of chemical material .

die demokratie wuchs heran , aber zur selben zeit wuchs auch die wissenschaft heran .
and that was democracy growing up , but it was also science growing up at the same time .
democracy grew up , but at the same time , science grew up in science .
democracy grew up , but at the same time , science grew up .

hier brauchen sie etwas logik , aber auch die bereitschaft zu lügen .
namely to lie in such a way that you can simply implement this logic in the wrong way .
here you need something logic , but also to lie the willingness .
here you need something logic , but also the willingness to lie .

wir waren ja damals erst fünf leute , um eine um die gesellschaft wieder neu aufzubauen .
we were only a group of five people at the time , that could that could rebuild the <<unk>> .
we were only five people at the time to rebuild a society .
we were only five people at the time to rebuild a society again .

sie hat sich im laufe der evolution entwickelt , um unreinheiten aufzusaugen . &quot;
it evolved to soak up impurities . &quot;
it has evolved over evolution to look at uncertainty eyes . &quot;
it has evolved over the evolution of evolution to be native . &quot;

sie benutzen ihre hände , um anwendungen zu schreiben , die die arbeit der regierung verbessert .
they &apos;re using their hands to write applications that make government work better .
they use their hands to write applications that improve the work of government .
they use their hands to write applications that improvements the work of government .

weil steve jobs hat mal gesagt , you need to dig <unk> to <unk> how it <unk> .
like steve jobs once said : you need to dig deeper to understand how it works .
because steve jobs has said , you know , i mean , i think i think i &apos;m doing something that i &apos;m doing .
because steve jobs said , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you want to show it .

das bin ich , wie ich das &quot; in leben bin ich schlecht &quot; -gesicht mache .
this is actually me making the &quot; i &apos;m not good at life &quot; face .
this is me , as i &apos;m living in life , i &apos;m bad .
i &apos;m like , &quot; i &apos;m bad at life . &quot;

er sagte , &quot; sagen sie mir , was am feminismus weiblich ist . &quot;
he said , &quot; tell me what &apos;s feminine about feminism . &quot;
he said , &quot; tell me what &apos;s on feminism . &quot;
he said , &quot; tell me what &apos;s wrong with feminism . &quot;

das hier ist wladimir tsastsin aus tartu in estland .
here &apos;s vladimir tsastsin form tartu in estonia .
this is wwladiot me from targets in the country .
this is wladder me from targetown in estinian .

und ich möge doch vielleicht mein inselprojekt vorstellen , dass ich versuche euch vorzustellen .
and she said i should perhaps present my island project , which i will try to present to you .
and i probably want to imagine my insane project that i &apos;m trying to imagine you .
and i might be able to imagine my inrare project that i &apos;m trying to imagine you .

und eine menge leute fragen mich : &quot; was bekommt man für 10 milliarden bildpunkte ? &quot;
and i get a lot of people asking me : &quot; what do you get for 10 billion pixels ? &quot;
and a lot of people ask me , &quot; what do you get for 10 billion points ? &quot;
and a lot of people ask me , &quot; what do you get for 10 billion imagery ? &quot;

ihr könnt das dann gleich viel besser erklären , da steckt noch mehr viel mehr dahinter .
you can explain this much more elaborately later on , as there &apos;s more much more to this .
you can explain that much better than that , there &apos;s a lot more behind it .
you can actually explain the same a lot better , because there &apos;s a lot more behind it .

ich weiß , dass sie das gemacht haben , weil die hälfte der amerikaner das jeden tag macht .
i know you did because half of americans do every day .
i know you &apos;ve done that because half of americans are doing it every day .
i know you &apos;ve done that because the half of americans do this every day .

betrachten sie dies als die fortsetzung der arbeit von stephen lawlers an virtual earth .
think of this as the long tail to stephen lawler &apos;s virtual earth work .
look at this as the progress of stephen lawyer on earth .
look at this as the continuity of the process of stephen cancer earth &apos;s earth .

wie die meisten erwachsenen auf dem boot trug meine mutter eine kleine giftflasche bei sich .
like most adults on the boat , my mother carried a small bottle of poison .
like most adults on the boat , my mother was a little gibous bottle on her .
like most adults on the boat , my mother carried a little bottle in themselves .

sagte er : » herr stevenson , haben sie diesen verrückten antrag gestellt ? «
he said , &quot; mr. stevenson , did you write this crazy motion ? &quot;
he said , &quot; mr. stevenson , did you put this crazy contract ? &quot;
he said , &quot; mr. stevenson , did you put this crazy mission ? &quot;

sie schmeckte süß und rein , als ob man einen bissen vom ozean nehmen würde .
it tasted sweet and clean , like you were taking a bite of the ocean .
it swallows and breaks as if you would take a bite from the ocean .
it bumped and slaughed , as if you would take a bish of the ocean .

ein effekt , paradoxer weise , ist , dass er lähmt statt zu befreien .
one effect , paradoxically , is that it produces paralysis , rather than liberation .
one effect , paradoxically , is that it &apos;s paralyzed instead of free .
a paradox , paradoxically , is that he &apos;s paralyzed instead of free .

aber , wenn es ums schreiben geht denke ich seit kurzem darüber nach und frage mich : warum ?
but , when it comes to writing , the thing that i &apos;ve been sort of thinking about lately , and wondering about lately , is why ?
but , when it &apos;s about writing , i &apos;ve been thinking about it for recently and asking myself , why ?
but , if it &apos;s writing , i &apos;ve been thinking about this recently and question : why ?

ganz fremd ist es aber für laien , was wir musiker mit unserer musiksprache tun .
what we musicians do with our musical language is very alien to non-professionals .
it &apos;s alien , but it &apos;s for layland , what we &apos;re doing with our music language .
but it &apos;s very strange , but for lawrence , what we do with our music language .

es ist ein physikalisches gebilde in london , aber mit bildpunkten bedeckt .
it &apos;s a physical structure in london , but covered with pixels .
it &apos;s a physical image in london , but it &apos;s covered with imagery .
it &apos;s a physical image in london , but covered with imagery .

und wenn wir einen energieüberschuss haben , dann werden wir auch wasser im überfluss haben .
and if we have abundant energy , we also have abundant water .
and if we have a energy overwhelming , we will also have water in the river .
and if we have an energy overhead , we will also have water in the river .

kommen wir also zurück zu diesen zwei wesen die zu beginn des vortrags gezeugt worden sind .
so let &apos;s go back to those two beings conceived at the beginning of this talk .
so let &apos;s come back to these two creatures who have been in the beginning of the talk .
so let &apos;s come back to these two creatures that have been given to the beginning of the talk .

wollen wir auch unterstützen , aber wir glauben euch nicht , dass ihr das technische problem lösen könnt .
they said , we want to support it , but we don &apos;t think you can solve the technical problem .
we also want to support , but we don &apos;t believe that you can solve the technical problem .
we also want to support , but we don &apos;t believe that you can solve the technical problem .

extrem wichtig ist , jetzt schon extrem wichtig ist und noch viel , viel wichtiger werden wird in zukunft .
is of extreme importance today is already extremely important today and will become much more important in the future .
extremely important is , now extremely important , and more importantly , much more importantly , will be more important in the future .
extremely important now , is extremely important and more importantly , much more important in the future .

und dies führt zu weniger zufriedenheit mit den ergebnissen , auch wenn die ergebnisse gut sind .
and what that &apos;s going to produce is less satisfaction with results , even when they &apos;re good results .
and this leads to less satisfaction with the results , even when the results are good .
and this leads to less satisfaction with the results , even though the results are good .

nun , es gibt alle möglichen spielereilösungen wie diese , aber sie bringen alle nicht viel .
now , there &apos;s all sorts of gimmicky solutions like that one , but they don &apos;t really add up to much .
well , there are all kinds of playful solutions like this , but they don &apos;t get all a lot .
well , there are all kinds of playful solutions like this , but they don &apos;t all get a lot .

nun , warum zeichnen wir graphen in der technik auf semi-logarithmischen kurven ?
now why do we draw technology curves in semi-log curves ?
now why do we draw graves in technology on semi-logarithmic curves ?
now , why do we draw graphin in technology on semi-logarithmic curves ?

er bekam intravenöse antibotica und erholte sich ein paar tage später .
he was placed on intravenous antibiotics and he recovered after a few days .
he got intraveness antibodria and got a few days later .
he got intraceutica , and he got a few days later .

ich denke , das genre , der stil , den ich habe , ist wohl &quot; dark glamour &quot; .
i guess what kind of genre , style i am would be like dark glamor .
i think the genius , the style i have , is probably glamour .
i think this is the gene , the style i have , is probably &quot; glamour . &quot;

erzählen sie mir einfach ein wenig , wie das mit ihren gedanken und gefühlen über sie selbst verbunden ist .
so tell me a little bit how it relates to your thoughts and feelings about who you are .
tell me a little bit about how to connect with their thoughts and feelings about them .
just tell me a little bit about how this is connected to your thoughts and feelings about yourself .

und an diesem abend lag ich im bett und dachte : was zur hölle ist ein nachhaltiges protein ?
and that night , i was lying in bed , and i thought : what the hell is a sustainable protein ?
and at this evening , i was in bed , and i thought , what &apos;s a sustainable protein ?
and at that evening , i was in bed , and i thought , what &apos;s the hell of the hell ?

als so etwas damals geschah , wussten die leute was das war . sie nannten es bei seinem namen .
and when this happened , back then , people knew it for what it was , you know , they called it by its name .
when something happened then , people knew what that was . they called it in his name .
when something happened then , people knew what this was . they called it in his name .

aber zu der zeit , als mehrzelligen organismen auftauchten , begannen sich die dinge zu ändern .
but at the time multi-celled organisms come online , things start to change .
but at the time , as a multi-lifespan of organisms , the things started to change .
but at the time , as a multiplotted organisms , the things started to change .

aber wir wissen , wenn wir das aussprechen , sind die sozialen verhältnisse sehr empfindlich gestört .
we can &apos;t just do that .
but we know when we &apos;re talking about this , social relations are very sensitive .
but we know if we &apos;re talking about this , social relations are very sensitive .

sie werden &apos; s nie mehr vergessen , weil ich zeige ihnen , wo der dalmatiner ist .
you &apos;ll never forget it again , because i &apos;m showing where the dalmatian is .
you will never forget , because i &apos;m going to show you where the dalmaer is .
you will never forget anymore , because i &apos;m showing you where the dalmaciner is .

sie haben bestimmt von &quot; level hoch &quot; und &quot; + 1 stärke &quot; gehört oder &quot; + 1 intelligenz &quot; .
you guys have heard of leveling up and plus-one strength , and plus-one intelligence .
you &apos;ve probably heard about &quot; high &quot; and &quot; power &quot; is one &quot; or &quot; + 1 intelligence .
you &apos;ve heard of &quot; high level &quot; and &quot; a strength &quot; or &quot; + 1 intelligence . &quot;

das war unser erster versuch , beginnend mit der digitalen information , des genoms phi x 174 .
and this was our first attempt , starting with the digital information of the genome of phi x174 .
this was our first attempt to start with the digital information , the genomphi x 174 .
this was our first attempt , starting with the digital information , the genome of the genomphi x 174 .

und was wir tatsächlich gemacht haben , wir , die menschheit , ist , wir haben zu abstrahieren begonnen .
and so , in fact , what we &apos;ve done is we , humanity , have started abstracting out .
and what we &apos;ve actually done is we &apos;ve started to abstract humanity .
and what we &apos;ve actually done is we &apos;ve done humanity , is we &apos;ve started to abstract abstract .

sie kämpfen nicht diesen kampf , den wir alle kämpfen , darum , wer sprechen darf ; sie alle dürfen sprechen .
they &apos;re not fighting that battle that we &apos;re all fighting about who gets to speak ; they all get to speak .
they don &apos;t fight this fight that we all fight , about who &apos;s going to speak ; they all have to speak .
they don &apos;t fight that battle that we all fight about who can speak ; they all have to speak .

also , ich schreibe für kinder , und bin wahrscheinlich amerikas meist gelesener kinderbuchautor .
you know , what i do is write for children , and i &apos;m probably america &apos;s most widely read children &apos;s author , in fact .
so , i write for kids , and i &apos;m probably in america , most of america &apos;s national accountability .
so , i write for kids , and i &apos;m probably a lot of america &apos;s most safer children .

wenn jemand sie bitten würde , ihre markenidentität zu beschreiben , ihre markenpersönlichkeit , wie wäre sie ?
if somebody asked you to describe your brand identity , your brand personality , what would you be ?
if somebody asked you to describe your brand identity , your brand personality , how would you be ?
if somebody would ask you to describe your brand identity , your brand personality , how would you be ?

nun , morgan , im namen der transparenz dies : was ist nun genau mit den $ 7100 passiert ?
so , morgan , in the name of transparency , what exactly happened to that $ 7,100 ?
well , morgan , in the name of transparency , this is : what &apos;s happening right now with the $ 7100 ?
well , morgan , in the name of transparency , this is what &apos;s happening now with the $ 7100 ?

sagen sie , dass es negative auswirkungen gibt , die mit den wolken zu tun haben , die dinge verschieben ?
are they saying that there &apos;s negative feedback effects that have to do with clouds that offset things ?
do you say that there are negative effects that have to do with the clouds that are different ?
tell you that there are negative implications that have to do with the clouds that make things different ?

das bedeutet , wir haben einen gemeinsamen vorfahren , eine evolutionäre großmutter , die vor etwa sechs millionen jahren lebte .
that means we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived around six million years ago .
that means we have a common ancestor , a evolutionary grandmother who lived about six million years ago .
that means we have a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago .

impfstoffe , moderne medizin , unsere fähigkeit , milliarden menschen zu ernähren , das sind erfolge der wissenschaftlichen methode .
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , those are triumphs of the scientific method .
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , these are successes of scientific method .
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , these are success of scientific method .

die nervenzellen sind also der informationsverarbeitungsapparat , den diese zellengemeinschaften aufgebaut haben .
so neurons are the information processing apparatus that those communities of cells built up .
so the nerve cells are the information workforce that these cellular communities have built .
so the nerve cells are the information processing workers that have built these cell communities .

der menschliche teil dieses busches , weit am ende , ist natürlich das , woran wir am meisten interessiert sind .
the human part of this branch , way out on one end , is , of course , the one that we are most interested in .
the human part of this book , far beyond , is , of course , what we &apos;re interested in most .
the human part of this book , far at the end , of course , is what we &apos;re most interested in .

also , im großen und ganzen sind wir sehr zuversichtlich , dass wir tatsächlich bestimmt haben , was das ziel ist .
so in all , we are very confident that we have actually determined what the target is .
so , in the large and all of us , we &apos;re very reliable that we &apos;re actually determined what the goal is .
so , in large and all of us , we &apos;re very promising that we actually have determined what the goal is .

es gibt ein altes afrikanisches sprichwort : &quot; wenn du schnell sein möchtest , geh alleine .
there is an old african proverb that says , &quot; if you want to go quickly , go alone .
there &apos;s an old african saying , &quot; if you want to be fast , let alone .
there &apos;s an african span saying , &quot; if you want to be fast , alone .

durch meine arbeit versuche ich auszudrücken , dass menschen nicht von der natur getrennt sind und dass alles miteinander verbunden ist .
through my work i &apos;m trying to articulate that humans are not separate from nature and that everything is interconnected .
through my work , i &apos;m trying to express that people are not separated by nature , and that everything is connected to each other .
through my work , i &apos;m trying to realize that people are not separated by nature , and that everything is connected .

selbst nach dem völkermord in ruanda gab es diese bereitschaft , aber nicht in diesem unseren land .
in rwanda , even after the genocide , there was this commitment , but in this country we haven &apos;t done that .
even after the genocide in rwanda , there was this willingness , but not in this country .
even after the genocide genocide in rwanda , there were these issues , but not in this country .

widrigkeiten sind kein hindernis , das wir umkurven müssen , um mit unserem leben besser klar zu kommen .
adversity isn &apos;t an obstacle that we need to get around in order to resume living our life .
wities are not an obstacle that we need to have a curve to get with our lives better .
widrill are not obstacles that we need to be able to come up with our lives better .

jeder von ihnen , jeder – gleich ob reich oder arm , ob sie ein tolles haus haben – spielt keine rolle .
any one of you , anybody -- doesn &apos;t matter if you &apos;re rich , if you &apos;re poor , if you have a fancy house -- doesn &apos;t matter .
every one of you , every one of you -- if you &apos;re rich or poor , whether you have a great house -- no role .
every one of you , everybody -- whether it &apos;s rich or poor , whether you have a great house -- no role .

leider war ich noch viel zu jung , sodass er schon emeritiert war , als ich endlich anfing zu studieren .
i was much too young at the time unfortunately , so he had already retired before i finally started studying .
unfortunately , i was too much too young , so he was already approached when i finally started studying .
unfortunately , i was too much too young , so he was unexplored when i finally started studying .

die idee wurde für sie wirklich greifbar , wissen sie , dass es menschen gibt , die mit moskitos leben .
it really got them involved in the idea of , you know , there are people who live with mosquitos .
the idea was really tangible for you , you know that there are people living with mosquitos .
the idea was really tangible to you , you know that there are people who live with mosquitos .

was ich ihnen erzähle ist , dass diese teuren , komplizierten entscheidungen -- es ist nicht einfach , das sie nicht helfen .
what i &apos;m telling you is that these expensive , complicated choices -- it &apos;s not simply that they don &apos;t help .
what i &apos;m telling you is that these tears , complicated decisions -- it &apos;s not easy to help them .
what i tell you is that these expensive decisions -- it &apos;s not easy to help them .

es könnte jeder einzelne bildpunkt einen impuls haben , der von menschen kommt , von den bewegungen der menschen oder dergleichen .
you can have each pixel having an input that comes from people , from people &apos;s movement , or so and so .
it could have any single screening to have a impulse that comes from people , from the movements of people or the same .
it could have every single picture of a impulse that comes from people , from the movements of people or the same .

diese geistige orientierung ist der kern dessen , wovon ich glaube , dass auch die ted-gemeinschaften sich dafür engagieren müssen .
well that orientation of the spirit is very much at the core of what i believe even ted communities have to be engaged in .
this mental orientation is the core of what i believe is that the ted communities need to be engaged .
this mental orientation is the core of what i believe is also the ted communities need to engage themselves .

mein bruder sagte : » nun mach schon . heute machen wir das , du machst doch auch sonst alles , was wir tun .
my brother said , &quot; come on . we &apos;re doing this today ; you always do what we do .
my brother said , &quot; well , let &apos;s do that today , we do it , but we do everything we do .
my brother said , &quot; well , let &apos;s do that . today we do that , you do anything else we do .

es gibt also einige anatomische trennungen , die für mich sinn machen , und die wir , denke ich , behalten sollten .
so there are some anatomical divisions that make sense to me and that i think we should retain .
so there are some anatomic separations that make me sense of , and i think we should keep .
so there are some anatomic separation that make sense of me , and that we think i should keep .

und hier , hier sieht er ein muster von bündeln , das ihn an die tansanische giraffe erinnert .
and here , here he sees a grouping pattern that reminds him of the tanzanian giraffe .
and here , here he sees a pattern of bars that reminds him on the tone rape .
and here , he &apos;s looking at a pattern of bones that reminds it to the existing radar .

ganz wunderbar ist auch , wenn ich mit einem duo-partner auf der bühne stehe und wir haben die gleiche wellenlänge .
it &apos;s also really wonderful when i &apos;m on stage with my musical other half and we &apos;re on the same wavelength .
very wonderful is , if i stand with a dutch partner on stage , and we have the same wavelength .
it &apos;s wonderful , if i stand with a stupid partner on the stage , and we have the same wavelength .

dann , nach ungefähr 30 sekunden , wird wieder gemischt und man hat eine neue buchstabenkombination und neue möglichkeiten auszuprobieren .
then , after about 30 seconds , it reshuffles , and you have a new set of letters and new possibilities to try .
then , after about 30 seconds , you &apos;re mixed again , and you have a new letter combination and new possibilities .
then , after about 30 seconds , again , and you &apos;ve got a new piece of letters and new possibilities .

das heißt , wenn man bei siebzig prozent erneuerbare ist , dann wird man das nicht ohne speicher machen können .
that means that if you &apos;re at seventy percent renewable energies , then you won &apos;t be able to do that without a reservoir .
that means , if you &apos;re in seventh percent renewable , you won &apos;t do that without storage .
that means that if you &apos;re in seven-percent renewable , you &apos;re not going to make that without memory .

so ein anderes projekt , das aus von der französischen gruppe da aus paris , das hat geklappt , das ist ziemlich cool .
another project , that came from from the french group in paris , did work , and that &apos;s pretty cool .
so another project that comes from the french group from paris in paris , which is pretty cool .
so another project that came out of the french group of paris , that was very cool .

und doch , in diesem land von gewalt und chaos kann man ein verborgenes lachen hören , dass die bäume erschüttert .
yet , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear hidden laughter swaying the trees .
and yet , in this country of violence and chaos , you can hear a hidden circuit that the trees are shaking .
and yet , in this country of violence and chaos , you can hear a hidden laugh that the trees are shaped .

aber wenn sie biologischen evolution akzeptieren , bedenken sie folgendes : ist es nur über die vergangenheit , oder geht es auch um die zukunft ?
but if you do accept biological evolution , consider this : is it just about the past , or is it about the future ?
but if you accept biological evolution , remember this : it &apos;s just about the past , or it &apos;s also about the future ?
but if you accept biological evolution , think about this : is it just about the past , or is it about the future ?

tatsache ist , dass die medien es bevorzugen , uns negative themen zu zeigen , weil unser verstand genau diesen themen aufmerksamkeit schenkt .
the point is that the news media preferentially feeds us negative stories because that &apos;s what our minds pay attention to .
the fact is that the media prefer to show us negative topics , because our minds are very familiar with these subjects .
the fact is that the media pretends to show us negative themes because our minds are the same thing about these themes .

entweder wird daraus eine klassische s-kurve wie hier , bis etwas völlig neues daherkommt , oder es wird das hier geschehen .
either it &apos;s going to turn into a sort of classical s-curve like this , until something totally different comes along , or maybe it &apos;s going to do this .
either it &apos;s going to be a classic curve like this , until something completely new daytime comes , or it &apos;s going to happen here .
either it &apos;s going to come up with a classic curve like this , until something completely new , or it &apos;s going to happen here .

sie haben mehr informationen über world of warcraft im internet zusammengetragen als über irgendein anderes thema in jedem anderen wiki der welt .
they have compiled more information about world of warcraft on the internet than any other topic covered on any other wiki in the world .
you have more information about the world of warcraft in the internet than any other subject in every other wiki .
they have more information about the world warning warning in the internet than any other topic in every other wiki in the world .

und im grunde , ist es ein system , das aus zwei teilen besteht – einem spürenden teil und einem reagierendenteil .
and basically , it &apos;s a system made of two components -- a sensing and an actuating component .
and basically , it &apos;s a system that &apos;s made out of two parts -- a senior part and a reacting act .
and basically , it &apos;s a system that is made out of two parts -- a part and a reacting .

verarmten phantasie , eine kurzsichtige sicht der welt -- und dass ist die art wie ich es zuerst gelesen habe .
impoverished imagination , a myopic view of the world -- and that &apos;s the way i read it at first .
formula , a short-lived view of the world -- and that &apos;s the way i read it first .
misphasy , a short-term view of the world -- and that &apos;s the way i read it first .

ich fuhr darauf mit und wir machten erhebungen im ganzen südlichen südchinesischen meer und besonders in der javasee .
and i went sailing on it , and we did surveys throughout the southern south china sea and especially the java sea .
i went to this , and we went to the entire south south chinese seas and especially in javasane .
and i went to this , and we did the whole south south chinese sea , and especially in the javasee .

am ende sandte er uns eine e-mail mit folgendem inhalt : &quot; zum ersten mal seit sieben jahren habe ich etwas gezeichnet .
so at the end of this , he sent us an email , and this is what the email said : &quot; that was the first time i &apos;ve drawn anything for seven years .
at the end of the sand , he gave us an email with the content : &quot; for the first time for seven years , i &apos;ve recorded something .
at the end of the sand , he took us an email with the content , &quot; for the first time , i &apos;ve recorded something for seven years .

und so sagt jemand wie al gore , einer unserer großen helden , es gibt nichts wichtigeres , als die menschliche bevölkerung zu stabilisieren .
and so you have someone like al gore , one of our great heroes , saying : there is nothing more important than stabilising the human population .
and so somebody says al gore , one of our great heroes , there &apos;s nothing important to stabilize human population .
and so someone says al gore , one of our big heroes , there &apos;s nothing important to stabilize the human population .

und die katastrophen überall auf der welt haben in einem wirklich ausserordentlichen und vorher nie dagewesenen ausmass zugenommen .
and the disasters around the world have been increasing at an absolutely extraordinary and unprecedented rate .
and the catastrophes all over the world have actually taken out into a really extraordinary and never before .
and the disasters around the world have actually taken out in a really extraordinary and never before .

ich trug meine beute zurück nach unten , wo ich an der haustür meinen erzfeind und den geliebten hund traf .
i carried my payload back downstairs where i met my nemesis and the precious dog by the front door .
i was going back to the bottom , where i met my house hooks and the loved dog .
i carried back to the bottom , where i met at the door of my chunk and met the dog .

allein schon einen menschen achtlos als kind zu bezeichnen , könnte ausreichen , sie einzuschränken und ihnen vorstellungen überzustülpen .
by casually doing something as simple as naming a person , a child , we might be putting lids and casting shadows on their power .
just a human being , just to say , as a child as a child , could be rich , put them together and give them ideas .
just to give you an eighty as a child , it might be enough to confront them and to overcome them .

sie versetzten uns in die lage , dinge zu bauen , die größer waren als wir , gebäude , brücken , ein stein nach dem anderen .
they enabled us to to build things that were larger than us , buildings , bridges , one brick at a time .
they put us into building things that were bigger than we , buildings , a bridges .
they put us in the able to build things that were bigger than we , buildings , bridges , a stone after the other .

heute möchte ich ihnen das , was ich sonst musikalisch übersetze , also interpretiere , noch einmal in eine verbale sprache übersetzen .
today i &apos;d like to verbally translate what i usually translate into music , or interpret .
today , i want to show you what i &apos;m going to show you else musical transmits , so interpret animals , even in a connected language .
today , i want to tell you what i &apos;m going to transfer to musicians , so i &apos;m interpreting animals , again , in a connected language .

und was passiert , wenn man ein stück heute spielt , das ursprünglich vor hundert , vor zweihundert oder gar vor dreihundert jahren geschrieben worden ist ?
and what happens when you play a piece today that was originally written a hundred , two hundred or even three hundred years ago ?
and what happens if you play a piece today that originally has been written for a hundred or a hundred or a hundred years ago ?
and what happens when you play a piece of a piece today that was originally a hundred or a hundred or a hundred years ago .

wir haben heutzutage sehr schwierige auseinandersetzungen -- vielleicht nicht so öffentlich wie in der medizin -- über die frage , wann jemand tot ist .
we have very difficult conversations nowadays -- probably not out in the open as much as within medicine -- about the question of when somebody &apos;s dead .
we now have very difficult things today -- maybe not as open to medicine as well as in medicine -- about the question when somebody is dead .
we now have very difficult conversations -- maybe not as opposed to medicine -- about the question when somebody &apos;s dead .

das sind über 580.000 buchstaben an genetischem code . es ist das größte molekül mit definierter struktur das jemals von menschen erschaffen wurde .
this is over 580,000 letters of genetic code ; it &apos;s the largest molecule ever made by humans of a defined structure .
this is over 50,000 letters on genetic code , and it &apos;s the largest molecule that has ever been created by humans .
this is over 580,000 letters of genetic code , and it &apos;s the biggest molecule in defined with the structure ever created by humans .

hier links unten ist eine gruppe in indonesien , house-of-natural-fibers heißt die , die gibt es aber schon ziemlich lange .
here in the bottom left there &apos;s a group in indonesia , house of natural fibers it &apos;s called , but they &apos;ve been around for quite some time .
here on the left is a group in indonesia , traditional traditional science , which means that there &apos;s pretty long .
here on the left is a group in indonesia , housemicry marks , which means that there &apos;s quite a long time .

und es verbindet uns alle zusammen zu etwas , das viel grösser ist , und auch fähig ist sich schneller weiter zu entwickeln , als wir es bisher waren .
and it all connects us together into something that is much bigger and much faster and able to evolve than what we were before .
and it connects us all together to something that &apos;s much bigger , and it &apos;s also able to develop faster than we &apos;ve been able to develop .
and it connects us all together , which is much bigger , and is able to evolve faster than we &apos;ve been .

ich bin politisch progressiv , ich verteidige menschen mit ungewöhnlichen körpern , aber ich muss zugeben , es macht mich nervös .
i &apos;m a political progressive , i defend people with unusual bodies , but i have to admit to you that it makes me nervous .
i &apos;m political progressive , i &apos;m defending people with unusual bodies , but i have to admit it makes me nervous .
i &apos;m political progressive , i defense people with unusual physical bodies , but i have to admit it makes me nervous .

und ich habe oben in auf dem anderen bild eine vorlesung in in kopenhagen im medizinischen museum in kombination mit einer ausstellung zum thema .
and in this other image at the top i have a lecture in in copenhagen at the medical museion in combination with an exhibition on the topic .
and i &apos;ve come up in the other image , and i have a lecture in copenhagen in the medical museum in an exhibition with an exhibition .
and i &apos;ve got up on the top of the other image in copenhagen in copenhagen in the medical museum with an exhibition .

dies kindheitsritual wird zurückgebracht . man muss rausgehen , um in einem kapitel ein foto von einer blume zu machen und zu markieren .
so in bringing back this childhood ritual , you need to go out and , in one chapter , take a picture of a flower and then tag it .
this is going to be called a childhood ritual . you have to go out and go out into a chapter of a flower and tag a photograph of flower .
this is a childhood ritual being brought back . you have to go out to make a picture of a flower to a flower and tag .

und das ist etwas , das durch die komplexität , mit der die menschen es verwenden , wächst und dessen nutzen für den benutzer mit der anwendung immer größer wird .
and this is something that grows in complexity as people use it , and whose benefits become greater to the users as they use it .
and this is something that is produced by complexity , with the people who are using it , and whose use for the user &apos;s used to be bigger with the use .
and that &apos;s something that &apos;s used by the complexity of using the people who are using it , and it &apos;s used to use for the user using the use of the use .

und dann gab es diese momente – den teil werde ich nie vergessen – sie sagte , dass es augenblicke gab in denen sie es fast verpasste .
and then there were these times -- this is the piece i never forgot -- she said that there were moments where she would almost miss it , right ?
and then there were these moments -- the part i will never forget -- they said that there were moments of moments where they were almost passing .
and then there were these moments -- the part i will never forget -- she said that there were eye expressions in which they were almost passing .

ich möchte , dass sie sich zwei paare vorstellen , mitte 1979 , am genau gleichen tag , im genau gleichen moment , jedes zeugt ein baby -- okay .
i want you to imagine two couples in the middle of 1979 on the exact same day , at the exact same moment , each conceiving a baby -- okay ?
i want you to imagine two pairs in 1979 , in the middle of 1979 , exactly the same day , right now , every baby -- okay .
i want you to imagine two pairs in 1979 , in the middle of 1979 , exactly the same day , at the same moment , every baby -- okay .

und ich frage mich , was sie wählen würden , weil ich meinen freunden in letzter zeit häufig diese frage gestellt habe , und sie wollten alle in die vergangenheit gehen .
and i wonder what you &apos;d choose , because i &apos;ve been asking my friends this question a lot lately and they all want to go back .
and i wonder what you would choose , because i often asked my friends in the last time this question , and they all wanted to go into the past .
and i wonder what they would choose , because i asked my friends in the last time to ask this question , and they wanted to go all the past .

ich war derjenige , der jede woche in der jungentoilette grün und blau geschlagen wurde , bis eine lehrerin mein leben rettete .
i was the guy beaten up bloody every week in the boys &apos; room , until one teacher saved my life .
i was the one week in the virgin of the virgin green and blue , until a teacher saved my life .
i was the one that every week was beaten in the virgin green and blue , until a teacher told my life .

sie nennen sich die älteren brüder und sagen , dass wir , die wir die jüngeren brüder sind , für die zerstörung der welt verantwortlich sind .
they call themselves the &quot; elder brothers &quot; and they say we , who are the younger brothers , are the ones responsible for destroying the world .
they call themselves the older brothers and say that we are the younger brothers that are responsible for destroying the destruction of the world .
they call the older brothers and say that we are the younger brothers , for the destruction of the world .

sie können wissen , wie zufrieden jemand mit seinem leben ist , und das lehrt sie wirklich nicht viel darüber , wie glücklich er sein leben lebt und umgekehrt .
you can know how satisfied somebody is with their life , and that really doesn &apos;t teach you much about how happily they &apos;re living their life , and vice versa .
you can know how satisfied someone is with his life , and it doesn &apos;t really teach you how happy his life lives and vice versa .
you can know how satisfying someone with his life , and that &apos;s not really a lot about how happy he lives and lives .

und natürlich gibt es auch teams die viel mehr &quot; ta-da &quot; -gebilde haben und unter den besten sind frische absolventen des kindergartens .
and of course there are teams that have a lot more &quot; ta-da &quot; structures , and among the best are recent graduates of kindergarten .
and of course , there &apos;s a lot of teams that have been a lot more &quot; ta-trained , &quot; and under the best frogs are frozen of the child .
and of course , there &apos;s a lot of teams that have more than &quot; ta-word &quot; billboard , and under the best frozen lives of the child &apos;s children .

ich gehe ins untersuchungsgefängnis und besuche einen mandanten , der 13 oder 14 jahre alt sein mag , und der als erwachsener vor gericht stehen soll .
and i go to the jail and i see my client who &apos;s 13 and 14 , and he &apos;s been certified to stand trial as an adult .
i go to study jazz prison and visit a mandatory , which may be 13 or 14 years old , and the one to stand as an adult court .
i &apos;m going to go to college and visit a mandela who might be 13 or 14 years old , and the adult is supposed to stand up .

und wenn sie in urlaub sind und jemand zusammenbricht , sei es ihre eigene verwandtschaft oder irgendjemand anders , können sie so einen aed finden .
that whenever you &apos;re on holiday and somebody collapses , might it be your own relative or someone just in front of you , you can find this .
and if you &apos;re in vacation and somebody together , it &apos;s your own relational relativity or somebody else , you can find a aed .
and if you &apos;re in vacation , and somebody &apos;s breaking together , it &apos;s your own relativity or somebody else , you can find a aed .

wenn menschen freiheit haben , dann handelt jeder von uns für sich selbst um die dinge zu tun , die unser gemeinwohl maximieren und niemand hat für uns zu entscheiden .
and because if people have freedom , then each of us can act on our own to do the things that will maximize our welfare , and no one has to decide on our behalf .
if people have freedom , each one of us is for themselves to do things that our common maxities and nobody has to decide for us .
if people have freedom , each of us is to do things for ourselves to do the things that we need to do , and no one has to decide for us .

ich denke , wir würden alle die stimmung , die woody allen zum ausdruck brachte verstehen , als er sagte : &quot; ich möchte nicht unsterblichkeit durch meine arbeit zu erreichen .
i think we would all understand the sentiment that woody allen expressed when he said , &quot; i don &apos;t want to achieve immortality through my work .
i think we would all understand the mosquito all the words of the expression , as he said , &quot; i don &apos;t want to achieve immortality through my work .
i think we would all be able to understand the mood of all the time he said , &quot; i don &apos;t want to achieve immortality through my work .

bei den nächsten planmäßigen wahlen , gewann pepe lobo in einem umschwung , dessen programm sowohl neuerungen , als auch schlichtung versprach .
at the next regularly scheduled election , pepe lobo won in a landslide on a platform that promised reform , but reconciliation as well .
in the next plank elections , peacebo winner in a vibration program , whose program was talking about both new and shame .
in the next planner , won peacubo in a pig , whose program both recommendation and reconciliation .

und jetzt gebe ich ihnen ein paar sekunden um sie zu lesen und danach bitte ich sie zu klatschen , wenn sie bereit sind gary &apos; s angebot anzunehmen .
and now i &apos;ll give you a few seconds to read it and then i want you to clap your hands if you &apos;re ready to take gary up on his offer .
and now i &apos;ll give you a couple of seconds to read them , and then i ask them to clap them , if they &apos;re ready to take gary gary .
and now i &apos;m going to give you a few seconds to read them , and then i ask you to clap you when you &apos;re ready to take gary .

weil es 50 investmentfonds sind , die zur auswahl stehen , ist es so schwer zu entscheiden welchen man wählen soll , dass sie es auf morgen aufschieben .
because with 50 funds to choose from , it &apos;s so damn hard to decide which fund to choose that you &apos;ll just put it off until tomorrow .
because it &apos;s 50 mental stations that are available to choice , it &apos;s so hard to choose which one is to vote on tomorrow .
because it &apos;s 50 investments that are elected to choice , it &apos;s so hard to decide what you &apos;re supposed to pick it up tomorrow .

und auch wenn die antwort zu der frage &quot; nein , &quot; ist wird es sicherlich ihre erfahrung des fussballspiels ihres kindes prägen sehr anders als es gewesen wäre .
and even if the answer to the question is &quot; no , &quot; it &apos;s certainly going to make the experience of your kid &apos;s soccer game very different than it would &apos;ve been .
and even if the answer to the question , &quot; no , &quot; it will certainly be your experience of the feature of your child &apos;s child &apos;s child was very different than it was .
and even if the answer to the question , &quot; no , &quot; it &apos;s certainly going to be your experience of the football game of your child &apos;s footage as it was very different .

was sie zurückwiesen war ein anatomisches konzept , und sie ersetzten es durch ein anderes , das radikal und schön war , und 200 jahre für uns maßgeblich war .
what they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and held us for 200 years .
what they proved was a anatomic concept , and they put it through another , which was radical and beautiful , and 200 years for us .
what she was rejected was an anatomic concept , and she put it through another , which was radical and beautiful , and 200 years for us .

aber neueste dna-beweise zeigen , dass die etrusker , die später das römische reich bildeten , die gleiche dna wie die alten lydier aufweisen .
but recently , dna evidence has shown that the etruscans , who then led to the roman empire , actually share the same dna as the ancient lydians .
but the latest dna evidence is that the etrushman , who later did the tumbling rich , the same dna as the old poetry .
but neural evidence show that the etrators that later , later , the tumist empire , the same dna as the old lythier .

es gibt eine reihe von leuten , die viel mehr &quot; uh-oh &quot; -momente haben als andere , und unter den schlechtesten sind frische bwl-absolventen .
so there are a number of people who have a lot more &quot; uh-oh &quot; moments than others , and among the worst are recent graduates of business school .
there &apos;s a series of people who have a lot more &quot; uh-oh moments than others , and under the worst frozen whales .
there &apos;s a series of people who have much more &quot; uh-oh , &quot; moments than others , and under the worst , frozen whales are frared .

aber das hier hält mich nachts wach -- eines der dinge , die mich nachts wach halten . wir haben wissenschaftlichen fortschritt noch nie so dringend gebraucht wie jetzt , noch nie ,
but here &apos;s the thing that keeps me up at night -- one of the things that keeps me up at night : we &apos;ve never needed progress in science more than we need it right now . never .
but this is what i &apos;m going to stop at night -- one of the things i &apos;m holding at night , and we &apos;ve never had scientific progress as well as now .
but this is what i &apos;m going to wake up at night -- one of the things that i &apos;m waking at night , and we have never needed scientific progress in the night .

an dieser stelle und wenn sie lachen , erkennen sie , wie wichtig diese lüge ist und wie viel zeit sie brauchen , um etwas zu erfahren , was künstler sehr gut uns mitteilen können .
at this point and if you &apos;re laughing , you &apos;ll recognize how important this lie is and how much time you need to experience what artists are very good at telling us .
at this point and when you laugh , you realize how important this gap is , and how much time you need to experience something that artists can share with us .
and in this place , if you laugh , you can see how important this lie is , and how much time you need to learn something to know what artists can share very well .

die andere note sagt , ob wir die null-emissionen technologie einsetzen , ob sie in allen entwickelten ländern eingesetzt ist und wir auf dem weg sind , sie zu dem rest zu bekommen .
so , the other grade is : are we deploying this zero-emission technology , have we deployed it in all the developed countries and we &apos;re in the process of getting it elsewhere ?
the other note is that we &apos;re using the zero-sum emissions , whether it &apos;s used in all developed countries , and we &apos;re on the way to get them to the rest .
the other note says we &apos;re using the zero-carbon emissions , whether it &apos;s used in all developed countries , and we &apos;re on the way to get them to the rest .

in den letzten 100 jahren hat sich die durchschnittliche lebenserwartung mehr als verdoppelt , das an die inflation angepasste durchschnittseinkommen der weltbevölkerung hat sich verdreifacht .
over the last hundred years , the average human lifespan has more than doubled , average per capita income adjusted for inflation around the world has tripled .
in the last 100 years , the average life expectancy has doubled more than doubling , which has tribal income income income income in the world &apos;s population .
in the last 100 years , the average life expectancy has been doubling more than doubling , which has tripled to the average income of the world &apos;s population .

ich habe vor kurzem eine umfrage mit über 2.000 amerikanern gemacht und die durchschnittliche anzahl von entscheidungen , die angabegemäß ein typischer amerikaner an einem tag macht ist 70 .
i recently did a survey with over 2,000 americans , and the average number of choices that the typical american reports making is about 70 in a typical day .
i recently did a question about 23,000 americans , and the average number of decisions that are attacked a typical american in a day .
i recently made a question about 25,000 americans , and the average number of decisions , the angular americans are a typical american day .

tja , ich hoffe , dass sie mir darin zustimmen , dass spieler menschliche ressourcen sind , die wir zur arbeit im echten leben einsetzen können , und dass spiele eine große bedeutung für veränderung haben .
well i hope that you will agree with me that gamers are a human resource that we can use to do real-world work , that games are a powerful platform for change .
well , i hope that you agree with me that the players are human resources that we can use to work in real life , and that games have a big meaning for change .
well , i hope that you agree with me that people are human resources that we can use to work in real life , and that games have a great meaning for change .

ich habe einige leute die anzahl der bücher zählen lassen , die mit &quot; happiness &quot; im titel in den letzten fünf jahren veröffentlicht wurden und sie gaben nach ungefähr 40 auf , und es gab noch viel mehr .
i had somebody count the number of books with &quot; happiness &quot; in the title published in the last five years and they gave up after about 40 , and there were many more .
i &apos;ve taken some people &apos;s number of books that were published with &quot; title &quot; in the title of the last five years , and they gave them about 40 , and there were still a lot more .
i &apos;ve got some people who are counting the number of books that were published in the last five years , and they gave them about 40 years , and there were much more .

das offizielle dogma funktioniert so : wenn unser ziel das maximieren des gemeinwohls unserer bürger ist , geht dies vor allem durch die maximierung der freiheit des einzelnen .
and the official dogma runs like this : if we are interested in maximizing the welfare of our citizens , the way to do that is to maximize individual freedom .
the official dogma works like this : if our goal is the maximizing of our citizens , this is all about by the maximizing of the freedom of freedom .
the official dogma works like this : when our goal is the maximics of our citizens , this is all about the maximics of freedom .

aber es dauert meistens bis sie die pubertät erreicht und ihre brüste wachsen und sich entwickeln , sie aber nicht ihre periode bekommt , bis jemand darauf kommt , dass hier etwas anders ist .
and it &apos;s often not until she hits puberty and she &apos;s growing and developing breasts , but she &apos;s not getting her period , that somebody figures out something &apos;s up here .
but most of the time it takes the puberty and their brothers grow , and they don &apos;t develop their periodity , until somebody comes out there is something different .
but it takes mostly until you get the puberty and grow your brothers , but it doesn &apos;t get your periode , until someone comes to it , that there &apos;s something different .

aber dann könnte das ganze nur eine 3d wolke aus bildpunkten sein , auf die sie zugehen können und durch die sie sich hindurch bewegen , die sie aus vielen , vielen richtungen betrachten können .
but then the whole thing can be just a 3d cloud of pixels that you can approach and move through it and see from many , many directions .
but then this could be just a 3d cloud from points that you can go to and move through them through , which you can look for many directions .
but then it could be just a 3d cloud of imagery that you can go to and move through them through , which you can look out of many directions .

ich habe den eindruck , dass wenn wir urlaub machen das sehr häufig der fall ist , das heißt , wir machen urlaub weitestgehend im dienste des erinnernden selbst .
i have that sense that when we go on vacations this is very frequently the case ; that is , we go on vacations , to a very large extent , in the service of our remembering self .
i &apos;ve got the impression that when we &apos;re doing vacation , it &apos;s very often the case that we &apos;re doing , we &apos;re doing vacation in the service of the service itself .
i have the impression that if we do it very often , it &apos;s very often the case of the case , that &apos;s called , we &apos;re going to make urrence on the test of the memory itself .

die unterscheidung zwischen dem glück des erlebenden selbst und der zufriedenheit des erinnernden selbst ist in den letzten jahren erkannt worden , und jetzt bemüht man sich , die beiden separat zu messen .
the distinction between the happiness of the experiencing self and the satisfaction of the remembering self has been recognized in recent years , and there are now efforts to measure the two separately .
the distinction between happiness and the satisfaction of the rememberation itself has been recognized in the last few years , and now you &apos;re trying to measure the two .
the distinction between the happiness of life itself and the satisfaction of memory itself has been recognized in the last few years , and now you &apos;re trying to measure the two .

ich kam also mit dem bedürfnis , einfach nur einen scheck auszustellen und stattdessen stellte ich einen scheck aus , von dem ich nicht die leiseste ahnung hatte , wie ich ihn einlösen sollte .
so i showed up with the desire to just write a check , and instead , i wrote a check that i had no freaking idea how i was going to cash .
so i came up with the need , just put a check , and instead i put a check from which i didn &apos;t have the quiet idea of how to solve it .
so i came up with the need of the need to just put a check and instead i made a check out of which i didn &apos;t know how to solve it .

darum wurde ich von dem präsidenten von honduras gebeten , der meinte , dass wir dieses projekt verwirklichen müssen , dass es wichtig ist , und dass dies der weg ist unser land voran zu bringen .
so i was asked by the president of honduras who said that we need to do this project , this is important , this could be the way forward for our country .
that &apos;s why i was asked by the president of honduras by honduras , who meant that we need to do this project that it &apos;s important , and that this is the way to bring our country to the country .
that &apos;s why i was asked by the president of honduras who meant that we need to do this project , that it &apos;s important , and that this is the way to bring our land .

es sei denn , man ist sehr kurz vor einem kostendurchbruch und finanziert nur noch die lernkurve . ich glaube wir sollten mehr dinge versuchen , die das potential haben , sehr viel günstiger zu sein .
unless you &apos;re very close and you &apos;re just funding the learning curve and it &apos;s going to get very cheap , i believe we should try more things that have a potential to be far less expensive .
it &apos;s because you &apos;re very short about a free breakthrough , and it &apos;s just the learning curve , and i think we should try to be more things that have the potential to be much less expensive .
it &apos;s because you &apos;re very short in front of a free breakthrough , and only the learning curve , and i think we should have more things that have the potential to be very cheap .

natürlich beschäftigen sich die gestalter nicht nur mit dem thema wahrnehmungen und neuronale verarbeitungen oder kognitionsergonomie , sondern primär natürlich mit dem thema der mensch-objekt-beziehung .
of course designers don &apos;t only look at the topic of perceptions and neural processes or cognitive ergonomics , but primarily at the topic of the relationship between man and object of course .
of course , the age of age is not just with the perceptions and neural processing , or cognitive delusion , but primarily primarily with the theme of human objects .
of course , the age of age is not just about the subject and neural processing or cognitive seromics , but of course , primarily with the humanity of humanity .

mit anderen worten haben sie in dieser geistlosen , evolutionären art einen weg gefunden , der ihnen erlaubte , niederzuschreiben woraus sie bestanden , so dass diese information gespeichert und kopiert werden konnte .
so in other words , they worked out , in this mindless sort of evolutionary way , a form of writing that let them write down what they were , so that that way of writing it down could get copied .
in other words , they found it in this mental , evolutionary way , a way that allowed them to write dedicated , so that they could be copied and copied and copied .
in other words , they found in this mental , evolutionary way , a way that allowed them to write devastating them , so that this information could be sucked and copied .

von einem evolutionären standpunkt aus , sind sie und ich wie booster raketen entwickelt , um die genetische fracht in die nächste stufe der umlaufbahn zu schicken , um sich dann ins meer fallen zu lassen .
from an evolutionary point of view , you and i are like the booster rockets designed to send the genetic payload into the next level of orbit and then drop off into the sea .
from a evolutionary standpoint , they are , and i developed how facebook rockets to send the genetic frames into the next stage of the orbit to go to the sea .
from a evolutionary standpoint of view , they &apos;re like facebook rockets to send the genetic fragile to the next stage in the next step , to fall into the ocean .

man kann durch &apos; n smart-grid , man kann durch ausbau der netze , ja , das sollte man auf jeden fall auch tun , den anteil erhören , aber man wird niemals auf speicher komplett verzichten können .
you can heed the share by using one of these smart grids , by developing the networks , yes , that should definitely be done , but you &apos;ll never be able to do without the reservoir completely .
you can get through smarter , you can build through construction , yes , you should do it in any case , you can hear the percentage , but you will never be able to be able to get in complete storage .
you can go through the smartphone , you can build through the nest maintenance , yes , you should do it in any case , the share of your share , but you &apos;re never going to be able to be able to restored .

und was wir uns ansahen , war ob die anzahl der fondsangebote , die ein einem rentensparplan möglich waren , der 401 plan , die wahrscheinlichkeit beeinflusst , ob mehr für morgen gespart wird .
and what we looked at was whether the number of fund offerings available in a retirement savings plan , the 401 plan , does that affect people &apos;s likelihood to save more for tomorrow .
and what we looked at was whether the number of federal boxes that were possible to be a rent plan , the 401 plan , which is more likely to be saved tomorrow .
and what we looked at was whether the number of fongments that were able to be a routine plan , the 401 plan , the probability of whether more tomorrow is going to be healthy .

ich hatte einen daumen , ich hatte 85 dollar , und es schlug mich nach san francisco in kalifornien – ich fand einen liebhaber – und damals in den 80ern fand ich es wichtig eine arbeit bei aids-organisationen aufzunehmen .
i had a thumb , i had 85 dollars , and i ended up in san francisco , california -- met a lover -- and back in the &apos; 80s , found it necessary to begin work on aids organizations .
i had a thumb , i had 85 dollars , and i got it to san francisco in california -- i found a love -- and at the time in the &apos; 80s , i found it important to take a job of aids organizations .
i had a thumb , i had 85 dollars , and it suggested me to san francisco in california -- i found a lover -- and then in the &apos; 80s , i found a work in aids organizations .

vor dem hintergrund habe ich mich eben damit beschäftigt zu gucken , was heißt es denn eigentlich , was ist für uns noch natürlich , was haben wir vielleicht auch verlernt , was ist für uns aber auch instinktiv , also was macht den unterschied aus ?
against that background i looked into what this means , what is still natural to us , what have we perhaps forgotten , and what is instinctive for us , so what difference does it make ?
so in front of the background , i &apos;m just trying to look at what it means , because actually , what is it for us , of course , what we may have been able to do , which is also instinctively , but also instinctively , what makes the difference ?
so before the background , i &apos;m going to look at what it means , because , in fact , what &apos;s true for us , of course , what we might have lost education for us , but also instinctively , what makes the difference ?

okay ? da waren wir und kämpften uns durch die feuchtgebiete und ich keuche und schwitze , habe matsch bis zu meinen knien , und miguel hält in ruhe eine biologievorlesung .
okay ? there we are slogging through the wetlands , and i &apos;m panting and sweating , got mud up to my knees , and miguel &apos;s calmly conducting a biology lecture .
okay ? we were there , and we were fighting through the wetlands , and i used to swim and sweet and sweet , to my knees , and mice in rubble to a rubble reader .
okay ? we were there , and we were fighting through the wetlands and i &apos;m going to swim and swimming , mature to my knee , and benigh is holding a bike .

wenn sie diese vorstellung haben , dass man also in der natur irgendwie getrieben wird , determiniert wird , von den größeren haufen , die einen sofort anziehen , dann haben sie auch schnell das gefühl , dass es so etwas wie einen freien willen geben muss .
if you imagine this , that in nature you are somehow driven , determined by the larger haystack that immediately attracts you , you will also quickly have the feeling that there must be something like a free will .
so if you have this idea that you &apos;re kind of driven in nature , you &apos;re going to be reminded by the larger pioneer , which is going to pull a pile immediately , then you also have to feel that there &apos;s something like a free will be free .
so if you have this idea that you &apos;re kind of pushed in nature , you &apos;re defined by the larger pile , which you have to pull out immediately , you also have to feel that it has to be a free will be .

vielleicht haben sie tatsächlich ihr volk durch spielen gerettet , indem sie sich 18 jahre lang in spiele geflüchtet haben und dann diese eingebung hatten und so viel über das miteinander spielen lernten , dass sie dadurch die gesamte zivilisation gerettet haben .
they might have actually saved their culture by playing games , escaping to games for 18 years , and then been so inspired , and knew so much about how to come together with games , that they actually saved the entire civilization that way .
you may have actually saved your people through play by playing 18 years in games for 18 years , and then they had built this congestion , and so much about the learning that they &apos;ve taught the whole civilization .
maybe they actually saved their people by playing by playing 18 years in games for 18 years , and then they had so much about playing with each other , so they learned the whole civilization .

das heißt , man hat sich gefunden , dadurch dass man eine gemeinsame sprache gesprochen hat , konnte man miteinander kommunizieren , ist in die gleiche höhle gezogen oder in andere bereiche , hat städte gebildet oder dörfer und hat so &apos; nen stammesgesellschaft sozusagen kreiert .
that means people related to each other because they spoke the same language , they were able to communicate with each other , move into the same cave or another place together , build cities and villages and basically created this tribal society .
that &apos;s what you &apos;ve found was that by talking to a common language , you could communicate with each other , in the same caves , or in other areas , cities , or villages or villages , and so you &apos;ve created messages in a way .
that means that you &apos;ve found that you &apos;ve talked about a common language , you could communicate with each other , you &apos;ve moved in the same cave , or in other areas , or you know , cities , or villages and so forth .

und so erhalte ich von der stadt einen ganz anderen anblick , einen ganz anderen eindruck , nämlich ich sehe negative und positive zonen einer stadt und erhalte so auf diese art und weise eine ganz andere , virtuelle landkarte von einer sehr realen stadt .
and so i can have a very different view of the city , a very different impression , because i see negative and positive zones of a city and , in this way , have a very different , virtual map of a very real city .
and so , i think , from the city , a very different view , a very different impression , which is that i see negative and positive religions of a city and in this way , in a way , a very different virtual map of a very real city .
and so i think of the city a very different view , a very different impression , which i see negative and positive electrons of a city and a way of being in this way , a different kind of virtual map of a very real city .

angenommen sie leben in einer bestimmten abgelegenen gegend und sie haben einen geliebten menschen mit verstopften herzkranzgefäßen und ihr hausarzt überweist diesen zu einem kardiologen , dessen durchschnittsleistung bei gefäßdarstellung bei 200 liegt .
now suppose you live in a certain part of a certain remote place and you have a loved one who has blockages in two coronary arteries and your family doctor refers that loved one to a cardiologist who &apos;s batting 200 on angioplasties .
suppose you &apos;re living in a certain remote area , and you have a loved ones with oblivious heart disease , and your house physician transmitted to this doctor , which is the average performance of the average performance in 200 .
suppose you live in a certain remote area , and you have a loved people with heart disease , and you have your homeowned doctor to a cardiac whose average performance is at 200 times .

was , wenn wir diese situation umdrehen könnten und das internet auf den kopf stellen , so dass wir anstatt immer von einem zum anderen zu gehen , beginnen von vielen dingen zu vielen dingen gehen zu können , und dadurch muster erkennen , welche ansonsten verborgen geblieben wären ?
what if we can actually turn that upside down and turn the web upside down , so that instead of navigating from one thing to the next , we get used to the habit of being able to go from many things to many things , and then being able to see the patterns that were otherwise hidden ?
what if we could rotate this situation and put the internet on the head , so that instead of going from one to another , we &apos;re starting to go from many things to many things to many things to many things to many things , and by seeing patterns that would be located ?
what if we could turn this situation up and put the internet on the head , so that instead of always going from one to another , to start to go from many things to many things to many things , and see patterns that would love .

weil es mir egal ist , ob es der gesundheitsminister ist , der sagt : &quot; hmm , ich werde die belege meiner experten zu mammographie nicht annehmen &quot; oder irgendein krebs-quacksalber , der seinen patienten mit kaffe-einläufen behandeln will .
because i don &apos;t care if it &apos;s the secretary of hhs who &apos;s saying , &quot; hmm , i &apos;m not going to take the evidence of my experts on mammograms , &quot; or some cancer quack who wants to treat his patient with coffee enemas .
because it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s the health minister , says , &quot; hmm , i &apos;m going to take the lightweight of my experts to mammography , &quot; or any creator , who wants to treat his patients with cap .
because it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s the minister of health , says , &quot; hmm , i &apos;m not going to take the evidence of my mammography , &quot; or some creator saltfish who wants to treat his patients with caffs .

ich glaube nämlich , dass die interaktiven medien in uns archaische , kognitive modelle adressieren , also denkmuster , die in unserem biologischen gedächtnis vor sehr , sehr langer zeit einprogrammiert worden sind und dass wir die eben gerade durch interaktive medien wieder hervorrufen können .
i think that interactive media address archaic , cognitive models in us , in other words thought patterns that were programmed into our biological memory a very , very long time ago and can be elicited through interactive media .
because i think that the interactive media in us in archaeology , cognitive models , cognitive models , patterns that have been thinking in our biological memory , very long time ago , have been programmed , and that we can just call the interactive media .
now , i think that the interactive media in us , cognitive models , cognitive models , so patterns , patterns that have been programmed in our biological memory very long , very long time , and that we &apos;re just able to reform the interactive media .

was wir aus kulturübergreifenden studien erfahren haben , ist , dass frauen , im durchschnitt -- nicht jede , aber im durchschnitt -- eher dazu neigen komplexen sozialen beziehungen und der fürsorge für menschen , die innerhalb der gruppe verwundbar sind , sehr viel aufmerksamkeit zu geben .
and what we know from cross-cultural studies is that females , on average -- not everyone , but on average -- are more inclined to be very attentive to complex social relations and to taking care of people who are basically vulnerable within the group .
what we &apos;ve learned from cultural overwhelming studies is that women , in average -- not every average , but in average -- are more complex and more complex social relationships and worry for people who are in the group of the group , are very attention to give us a lot of attention .
what we &apos;ve learned from cultural studies is that women , in average -- not any average , but in average -- tend to be more complex social relations and worry about people who are in the group , are very careful to give you a lot of attention .

wissen sie , der genozid , das phyische aussterben von menschen wird allgemein verurteilt , aber der ethnozid , die zerstörung der lebensweise der menschen , wird nicht nur nicht verurteilt , sondern allgemein und vielerorts als teil einer entwicklungsstrategie gefeiert .
you know , genocide , the physical extinction of a people is universally condemned , but ethnocide , the destruction of people &apos;s way of life , is not only not condemned , it &apos;s universally , in many quarters , celebrated as part of a development strategy .
you know , the genocide , the physical extinction of people will be convicted by general , but the ethnicity of ethnicity , the destruction of the human lifestyle , is not only convicted not only , but generally , and my general strategy as part of a developmental strategy .
you know , the genocide , the physical extinction , the physical extinction of people is empowered by general , but the ethnowhere , the destruction of life , the destruction of life , is not only being convicted , but not only in general , but my general and a part of a strategy .

der hauptgrund hierfür ist , dass wir es vielleicht geniessen uns diese riesigen regale voller mayonaise , senf , essig und marmelade anzusehen , aber wir faktisch nicht die vergleiche und abgrenzungen ziehen können und dann tatsächlich etwas aus dem fantastischen angebot wählen können .
the main reason for this is because , we might enjoy gazing at those giant walls of mayonnaises , mustards , vinegars , jams , but we can &apos;t actually do the math of comparing and contrasting and actually picking from that stunning display .
and the main reason for this is that we might be eating this huge amount of mayan age of mayan a.m. , mug and marg , but we don &apos;t see the same thing , and then , in fact , we can pick up something fantastic .
the main reason for this is that maybe we enjoy this huge shelf of mayonia , senior , senior , senior and marg and march , but we can &apos;t move the same , and then we can actually choose something that &apos;s really amazing .

und dann kam die renaissance und alles änderte sich . wir hatten diese große idee . und diese große idee war : lasst uns das menschliche individuum ins zentrum des universums stellen – über alle götter und mysterien . und es gibt keinen raum mehr für mystische kreaturen , die befehle vom göttlichen annehmen .
and then the renaissance came and everything changed , and we had this big idea , and the big idea was let &apos;s put the individual human being at the center of the universe above all gods and mysteries , and there &apos;s no more room for mystical creatures who take dictation from the divine .
and then the renaissance and everything changed . we had this big idea . and this big idea was : let &apos;s put the human individual in the center of the universe -- about gods and mysteries and mysteries , and there &apos;s no more for mystic , the felity of golity .
and then the renaissance and everything changed . we had this great idea . and this great idea was : let &apos;s put the human individual in the universe to the center of the universe -- all of the gods and mysteries , and there &apos;s no space for mycelium .

mit der totalen transparenz , was das neue denken ist , was auf das alte denken knallt , sag ja nicht , dass in der lasagne pferdefleisch und kein rindfleisch mehr ist oder andere phänomene , nämlich ich will das gerade eben vertuschen und will das gar kundtun .
with its complete transparency , which is the new kind of thinking that clashes with the old kind of thinking : don &apos;t say that there &apos;s now horse meat in the lasagne and not beef or other phenomena , because i want to cover that up and not confess to it .
with the total transparency of total transparency , what the new thinking is , what &apos;s on the old button , yes , doesn &apos;t tell you that in the laser horn horse and meat is no longer a meat of meat or other phenomena , which i want to do , and i want to do it in a minute .
now , with the total transparency of what the new thinking is , what the new thinking is , what &apos;s on the old button , is not saying that in the laser cerebral and not a meat , it &apos;s no longer a meat , or other fruit , because i just want to do that , and that &apos;s what i want to do .

die neolithische revolution , die uns die landwirtschaft brachte , und uns in diesem moment dem kult des saatkorns unterwarf , die poesie des schamanen durch die prosa der priesterschaft ersetzte und hierarchie , spezialisierung und überschuss schuf -- fand vor lediglich 10.000 jahren statt .
the neolithic revolution -- which gave us agriculture , at which time we succumbed to the cult of the seed ; the poetry of the shaman was displaced by the prose of the priesthood ; we created hierarchy specialization surplus -- is only 10,000 years ago .
the neolithic revolution that brought us to agriculture , and in this moment , the cult of safatal corresponds , the poetry of the poetry of the smellie &apos;s proposes through the prosthetic and the hierarchy , and hierarchy , specialization and only 10,000 years ago , we found 10,000 years ago .
the neolithic revolution , which brought us to agriculture , and in this moment of the secular corn , the poetry of the koran , the poetry of the poetry of the anesthesia , through the proposal of the pink and the archastery and the archy , and i found it just 10,000 years ago -- was just 10,000 years ago .

nun heutzutage , benötigen sie , wenn sie ein rennen gewinnen wollen , tatsächlich so etwas wie dieses hier – etwas was das auto in echtzeit überwacht , einige tausend sensoren hat , die informationen aus dem auto , diese informationen an das system weitergeben und sie dann verarbeiten und diese dann nutzen um diesem auto entscheidungen zurück zu senden und dinge in echtzeit verändern während information gesammelt werden .
now today , if you want to win the race , actually you need also something like this -- something that monitors the car in real time , has a few thousand sensors collecting information from the car , transmitting this information into the system , and then processing it and using it in order to go back to the car with decisions and changing things in real time as information is collected .
now , now , today , you need , if you want to win a race , in fact , something like this -- something like this -- which has the car in real time in real time , some thousand sensors of sensors that information from the car , give the information to the system to the system , and then you use these things to take back into this car and make things happen in real time .
now , today , you need , if you want to win a race , in fact , something like this -- something that has overwhelmed the car in real time , some thousand sensors that have information from the car , and then you &apos;re going to use this system , and then you &apos;re going to use this car to make things back and change in real time .

margaret mead , die große anthropologin sagte bevor sie starb , dass es ihre größte angst ist , dass während wir uns in richtung einer faden , gestaltlosen , generischen weltsicht bewegen , wir nicht nur die gesamte bandbreite der menschlichen vorstellungskraft auf eine eingeengte denkweise reduziert sehen würden , sondern dass wir eines tages aus einem traum aufwachen , und vergessen haben , dass es jemals anderen möglichkeiten gab .
margaret mead , the great anthropologist , said , before she died , that her greatest fear was that as we drifted towards this blandly amorphous generic world view not only would we see the entire range of the human imagination reduced to a more narrow modality of thought , but that we would wake from a dream one day having forgotten there were even other possibilities .
margaret garet mead , the great anthropologist in before she died that her biggest fear is that while we &apos;re moving towards the direction of the fact that we &apos;re moving forward to the fast-forward world view , we &apos;re not just moving the whole range of human imagination in a wide variety of human imagination , but we would see that one day , we &apos;ve forgotten out of a dream , and that there have ever been other opportunities .
margaret margarad , the great anthropologist , before she said that it was the biggest fear that as we move in a direction , we move around the world , we don &apos;t just move the whole range of human imagination to a imagination , but that we would never forget that one day , ever , have a dream of a dream .

ich werde meine abschließenden worte einem englischen wissenschaftler überlassen . humphrey davy , der , wie ich vermute , als er die nutzlosen experimente seines lehrlings verteidigte , sein lehrling war michael faraday , folgendes sagte : &quot; nichts ist so gefährlich für die entwicklung des menschlichen geistes , als anzunehmen , dass unsere wissenschaftlichen vorstellungen endgültig sind , dass es keine mysterien in der natur gibt , dass unsere triumphe vollzählig sind , und dass es keine neuen welten zu erobern gibt . &quot;
i will leave the final word to an english scientist , humphrey davy , who , i suspect , when defending his protege &apos;s useless experiments -- his protege was michael faraday -- said this , &quot; nothing is so dangerous to the progress of the human mind than to assume that our views of science are ultimate , that there are no mysteries in nature , that our triumphs are complete , and that there are no new worlds to conquer . &quot;
i &apos;m going to leave my final words to leave a english scientist . humphrey daisy , as i suspect , as he used the experiments of his experiments of his academic defense , his teacher was michael farake , &quot; this is not so dangerous for the human development of human mind , as a scientific idea that our appears are not mysterious , there &apos;s no mystery of nature , that our persistence are in the world &apos;s future , and that there &apos;s no new hope . &quot;
i &apos;m going to leave my final words to a english scientist . humphony dawn , who i suspect , as he used to be the useless experiments of his defense , michael hunter-day , who said , &quot; nothing is so dangerous for human spirit , that our scientific thinking is not that there &apos;s no mystery of the world . &quot;

einfach das wissen , dass jaguar-schamanen noch immer jenseits der milchstraße reisen oder die bedeutung der mythen der ältesten der inuit noch voller bedeutung sind , oder dass im himalaya die buddhisten noch immer den atem des dharma verfolgen , bedeutet , sich die zentrale offenbarung der anthropologie ins gedächtnis zu rufen , das ist der gedanke , dass die welt , in der wir leben , nicht in einem absoluten sinn existiert , sondern nur als ein modell der realität , als eine folge einer gruppe von bestimmten möglichkeiten der anpassung die unsere ahnen , wenngleich erfolgreich , vor vielen generationen wählten .
just to know that jaguar shamans still journey beyond the milky way , or the myths of the inuit elders still resonate with meaning , or that in the himalaya , the buddhists still pursue the breath of the dharma , is to really remember the central revelation of anthropology , and that is the idea that the world in which we live does not exist in some absolute sense , but is just one model of reality , the consequence of one particular set of adaptive choices that our lineage made , albeit successfully , many generations ago .
now , if you look at the stake of the human stakeholders , the most of the time , the most common sense of hearts , are still in the case of the harm of the harm of the world , that the harm of the harm of the harmful space is still in which we know that the harm of the harm of the harm of the harm of the harm of the harm , is still beyond the harm of the harm of the harm of the harm of the harm of the harm , that the harry , the harm of the harm of the harm of the harm of the birds are still in the world , the harm of the harst-born , the harst-born , the harst-born , that are still in which are still in the most likely to be a sense of the harm of the harm of the harm of the harm ,
now , the most proliferation of the world is that , in fact , the most significant sense of the world , the most proliferation of the world , the most proliferation of the world , the most confrontiers , are still the most significant , the most significant , the world , the most confrontal of the world , the exceptions that we don &apos;t know that it &apos;s still alive , the most significant , or the world , or the most significant , the world , the most inheritant of the most of the most of the most of the world , the most inheritage of the world , the most degrace of the world , the most devastatement of the most conies of the women , are still , the most of the souls , the souls , the first thing , the world , the first thing that we know that we still in a bit of the most inland of the animals ,

