ja ?
you see ?
yes ?
yes ?

ja ?
right ?
yes ?
yes ?

gut .
all right .
good .
all right .

danke schön .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

sind das alle ?
is that all ?
are they all ?
are these all ?

wunderbar , &apos; ne ?
wonderful , right ?
wonderful , ne ?
wonderful , &apos; does it ?

ich weiß nicht .
i don &apos;t know .
i don &apos;t know .
i don &apos;t know .

gute arbeit ! ja !
good job ! yeah !
good work ! yes !
good work ! yes !

was ist hier passiert ?
so what happened here ?
what &apos;s happening here ?
what happened here ?

irgendwie funktioniert das nicht .
somehow this isn &apos;t working .
somehow it doesn &apos;t work .
somehow that doesn &apos;t work .

sie tun sogar weh .
they actually hurt .
they &apos;re actually going to do it .
they actually do weh .

warum passiert das überhaupt ?
why does this happen in the first place ?
why does this happen at all ?
why does that happen at all ?

mein bauchgefühl wieder .
my hunches again .
my building feeling again .
my blueprint again .

lassen sie mich zusammenfassen .
so let me recap .
let me summarize you .
let me summarize .

was glauben sie passierte nun ?
what do you think happened then ?
so what happened now ?
what do you believe ?

es ist nicht unser kampf .
it &apos;s not our struggle .
it &apos;s not our fight .
it &apos;s not our fight .

ich war am boden zerstört .
i was devastated .
i was destroyed on the ground .
i was destroyed in the ground .

ich kann alles behaupten .
what is decisive , if i &apos;m right , then it &apos;s valid .
i can claim everything .
i can claim everything .

und letztendlich , epische bedeutung .
finally : epic meaning .
and finally , epic meaning .
and finally , epic meaning .

das ist also die gute nachricht .
so that &apos;s the good news .
so this is the good news .
so that &apos;s the good news .

dieses bild ist von diesem ort .
this picture &apos;s from there .
this picture is from this place .
this picture is from this place .

das kraftwerk kann explodieren .
your plant can blow up .
the power plant can explode .
the power plant can exploit .

wie sollte unser zeugnis aussehen ?
what should our report card look like ?
what should our beliefs look like ?
what should we look like ?

und schon haben sie ein problem .
and you &apos;ll have a problem right away .
and you have a problem .
and you have a problem .

italien gewinnt . yeah .
italy wins . yeah .
italy wins . yeah .
italy wins . yeah .

und sie schlägt eine 257 .
and she &apos;s hitting a 257 .
and you &apos;ll notice a 257 .
and it &apos;s a 257 .

aber ganz und gar effektiv , ja ?
but totally effective , right ?
but very effective , yes ?
but all right and effective , right ?

ich mag dinge , die anders sind .
i like things that are different .
i like things that are different .
i like things that are different .

und wissen sie was ich gelernt habe ?
and you know what i &apos;ve learned ?
and you know what i learned ?
and you know what i learned ?

weiß jemand , was drei sekunden sind ?
does anyone know what three seconds are ?
anybody know what three seconds are ?
anyone know what three seconds are ?

sie haben die regierung nicht aufgegeben .
they haven &apos;t given up on government .
they didn &apos;t give up the government .
they didn &apos;t give up the government .

und ich musste weg aus der stadt .
and i had to get out of town .
and i had to get out of the city .
and i had to go away from the city .

wir spielen seit 1994 warcraft .
we &apos;ve been playing warcraft since 1994 .
we &apos;ve been playing in 1994 .
we &apos;ve been playing in 1994 .

und jeden morgen springe ich darauf .
and every morning i hop on it .
and every morning i jumped on it .
and every morning i jump to it .

wir haben schon eine menge verfahren laufen .
and we &apos;re actually doing some litigation .
we &apos;ve been running a lot of procedures .
we &apos;ve already got a lot of procedures .

sie durchbohrten sich gegenseitig .
they speared each other .
they went through each other .
they went through each other .

es geht um eine neuversorgung von amerika .
it &apos;s about repowering america .
it &apos;s a neutral of america .
it &apos;s about a neural supply of america .

sogar katzen schauen sich dieses video an .
even cats were watching this video .
even cats look at this video .
even cats look at this video .

hinter den sieben bergen und so weiter .
over the hills and all that .
behind the seven mountains and so on .
behind the seven mountains and so forth .

sie zapfen ihre internetverbindung an .
they will tap your internet connection .
they helped their internet connection .
they appointed their internet connection .

machen sie es möglich – sie alle hier .
make it possible , everyone in this room .
make it possible -- you &apos;re all here .
make it possible -- all of you here .

wie sieht das hier aus ? ziemlich gut .
how &apos;s that look out there ? pretty good .
what does this look like ? pretty good .
what does this look like ? pretty good .

lassen sie uns jetzt etwas anderes herausholen .
so let &apos;s pull up , now , something else .
let &apos;s get something else out there .
let &apos;s get something else out .

wir haben einige fantastische präsentationen gesehen .
and we &apos;ve had some fantastic presentations .
we &apos;ve seen some amazing representations .
we &apos;ve seen some amazing representations .

das ist übrigens nur der arbeitstitel .
that &apos;s just a working title , by the way .
this is just the workforce .
this is just the employer .

und das problem ist nicht die technologie an sich .
and the problem is not technology itself .
and the problem is not the technology .
and the problem is not the technology .

dies ist die maschine unterhalb von genf .
this is the machine below geneva .
this is the machine below geneva .
this is the machine below geneval .

sie wissen , dass die wissenschaft keine firma ist .
you know science isn &apos;t a company .
you know that science is not a company .
you know that science is not a company .

und es gibt das lagerungsproblem .
and , finally , this storage problem .
and there &apos;s the laughing problem .
and there &apos;s the lake process .

oh , jesus , was für ein gedanke !
oh , so jesus , what a thought !
oh , jesus , what a thought !
oh , jesus , what a thought !

niemand muss euren ideen grünes licht geben .
no one has to green-light your idea .
no one has to give you ecological ideas .
no one has to give up your ideas .

normalerweise würde ich jetzt die nadel herausnehmen .
normally now , i would take the needle out .
usually i would take the needle out .
now , i would usually take the needle .

das ist alfred gonzalez .
this is alfred gonzalez .
this is alfred gonzalez .
this is alfred zalez .

die erste ist ein klassiker , apple .
the first on here is the classic , apple .
the first is a classic , apple .
the first is a classic , apple .

mit 16 begann ich bücher zu illustrieren .
i &apos;ve been illustrating books since i was 16 .
with 16 , i started illustrating books .
at 16 , i started to illustrate books .

komm , tanz mit mir . vielen dank .
come , dance with me . come , dance with me . &apos; &quot; thank you .
come on , dance with me . thank you very much .
come , dance with me . thank you very much .

die letzten drei der fünf habe ich zusammengefasst .
the last three of the five , i &apos;ve grouped together .
the last three of the five , i put together .
the last three of the five of the five i did .

also , wir können diese dinge gar nicht ertragen .
so we can &apos;t bear these things .
so , we can &apos;t wear these things at all .
so , we can &apos;t wear these things .

weil es sich nicht wir wirkliches geld anfühlt .
because it doesn &apos;t feel like real money .
because it doesn &apos;t feel real money .
because it doesn &apos;t feel real money .

man verliert also keine häufig vorkommenden tiere .
so you don &apos;t lose abundant animals .
so you don &apos;t often overcome the animals .
so you don &apos;t lose a lot of prevention animals .

das handelt nicht davon , wie glücklich eine person lebt .
this is not about how happily a person lives .
that &apos;s not how happy is alive .
it &apos;s not about how happy a person lives .

denn die noten sind die einzige verbindung direkt zu ihm .
because the notes are the only direct connection to him .
because the notes are the only connection directly to him .
because the notes are the only connection to him .

das ist nur online -- keine presse , kein fernsehen .
that &apos;s only online -- no print , no tv .
this is just online -- no press , no television .
this is just online -- no press , no tv .

hier waren wir , und dies ist das gemälde .
here is where we were , and this is the painting .
here we were , and this is the painting .
here we were , and this is the painting .

heute werde ich von unerwarteten entdeckungen berichten .
today i &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
today i &apos;m going to tell you about unexpected discoveries .
today i &apos;m going to tell you about unexpected discoveries .

das ist die art von lehrreicher scham .
that &apos;s the kind of shame that is a teacher .
this is the kind of curriculum .
this is the kind of educational shame .

und genauso war es dann nach den drei monaten auch .
and that &apos;s what happened at the end of that three-month period .
and it was also after the three months .
and it was also after the three months .

also , ziehen sie los und fangen sie an zu erfinden .
so go ahead and start inventing .
so , go out and start to invent them .
so , pull them out and start inventing them .

wie viel geld wird benötigt , um das zu realisieren ?
how much money does it take to do this ?
how much money is needed to reconcile that ?
how much money will need to remind that ?

das ist die konsequenz , der wir uns stellen müssen .
that &apos;s the consequence that we have to face .
this is the consequence that we need to ask ourselves .
this is the consequence that we need to ask ourselves .

und die welt in der wir jetzt leben sieht so aus .
and the world we now live in looks like this .
and the world we now look like this .
and the world in which we now look like this .

sie haben vielleicht gehört dass wir waterzeichen eingebaut haben .
you may have read that we put watermarks in .
you may have heard that we have built watermarks .
you may have heard that we &apos;ve built watermarks .

wir sollten den bär in den käfig stecken .
we &apos;ve got to put that bear in a cage .
we should put the baker in the cage .
we should put the bear in the box .

frankreich macht ein tor . italien macht ein tor .
france scores . italy scores .
france makes a tor . italy makes a tor .
france makes a tor . italy makes a tor .

und die frage ist , sind das gute oder schlechte nachrichten ?
and the question is , is this good news , or bad news ?
and the question is , is that good news or bad news ?
and the question is , are the good news or bad news ?

das ist großartig . hier trifft das digitale das physische .
so this is great . this is the digital meeting the physical .
this is great . here &apos;s the digital physicist .
that &apos;s great . here &apos;s the digital physically .

1m ist das höchste , was ich gesehen habe .
thirty-nine inches is the tallest structure i &apos;ve seen .
1m is the highest thing i saw .
11m is the highest thing i saw .

ich sagte : &quot; hühnchen-pellets ? &quot;
i said , &quot; chicken pellets ? &quot;
i said , &quot; chicken pellets ? &quot;
i said , &quot; chicken ppers ? &quot;

nun , weil sie nicht wissen , dass es einmal anders war .
well because they don &apos;t know that it was different .
well , because they don &apos;t know that it was different .
well , because you don &apos;t know that it was different .

versorge amerika neu . es ist zeit , realität zu akzeptieren .
repower america . it &apos;s time to get real .
providing america . it &apos;s time to accept reality .
energy new america . it &apos;s time to accept reality .

und haben dann eine ganze menge von simulationen angestellt .
and then we tried out a whole load of simulations .
and then there &apos;s a whole bunch of simulations .
and then there &apos;s a whole lot of simulations of simulations .

und die vorhersagen , wie sie sie gelesen haben , sind ernst .
and the predictions , as you &apos;ve read , are serious .
and the predictions that they read are seriously .
and the predictions of how they read them are serious .

in der tat sind wir auch eine solche mehrzellige gemeinschaft .
and in fact , we &apos;re such a multi-cellular community .
in fact , we &apos;re also one of the majority community .
in fact , we &apos;re also a majority community .

dass unser aller überleben mit dem überleben jedes einzelnen verknüpft ist .
that all of our survival is tied to the survival of everyone .
that our survival is associated with every single one of them .
that our survival of the survival of every single individual is connected .

und dann fällt mir sofort ein , das ist ungerecht .
and then it comes to me straight away , it &apos;s unfair .
and then immediately , i &apos;m going to think that &apos;s unfair .
and then i &apos;m going to fall immediately , that &apos;s unaware .

es gibt also keine entschuldigung für jemanden hier in diesem publikum .
so there is no excuse for any of us here in this audience .
so there &apos;s no excuse for someone here in this audience .
so there &apos;s no excuse for somebody here in this audience .

wenn man glücklich ist , zieht man andere glückliche menschen an .
if you are happy , you are going to attract other happy people to you .
when you &apos;re happy , you &apos;re pulling other happy people .
if you &apos;re happy , you turn to other happier people .

zweitens , was ökonomen oppertunitätskosten nennen .
second , what economists call &quot; opportunity costs . &quot;
secondly , what economists call an opera scale .
second , what economists call oppersian tune east .

drin sind sie , sie wollen bis ans ende des gangs .
you &apos;re in there , you want to go to the end of the corridor .
they &apos;re in there , they want to go to the end of the gangs .
they &apos;re inside , they want to end up to the end of the gangs .

ich wünschte mir nur , ich könnte meine kinder aufwachsen sehen .
i only wish i could see my kids grow up .
i just wish i could grow my kids up .
i just wish i could see my kids growing up .

er sagte , er wisse das nicht . er werde nachfragen .
he said he didn &apos;t know . he would ask around .
he said he didn &apos;t ask that . he will ask questions .
he said , he doesn &apos;t know that . he will ask questions .

die offenbarung ist , das tod ein teil des lebens ist .
the epiphany is that death is a part of life .
the openness is , death is a part of life .
the openness is , death is a part of life .

wenn du das nicht machst , kann ihn dir jemand wegnehmen .
and if you don &apos;t , someone can steal it from you .
if you don &apos;t do that , somebody can take you away .
if you don &apos;t do that , somebody can take it away .

dennoch kommen wir immer noch auf die galápagos-inseln .
but the point is , we still come to galapagos .
yet , we still come to the galapagos islands .
yet we &apos;re still coming to the galapagos islands .

der mächtigste bergarbeiter ist der leiter von massey coal .
the largest mountaintop miner is the head of massey coal .
the most powerful mountain worker is the head of massey .
the most powerful mountain worker is the head of massey .

ich meine , was bringt jemand mit so vielen outfits mit ?
i mean , what does somebody with all these outfits bring with her ?
i mean , what does somebody do with so many outlets ?
i mean , what does anybody do with so many outcomes ?

ich weiß aber nicht , wie empfänglich leute sein werden .
i don &apos;t know how receptive people are going to be to it , though .
i don &apos;t know how emphasis people will be .
but i don &apos;t know how empire people will be .

die haben heute einen erneuerbaren energieanteil von fünfzehn prozent .
they have a renewable energy share of fifteen percent at the moment .
now , this is a renewable energy percentage of five percent .
they have a renewable energy of five percent .

glühwürmchen in einem glas fand ich immer ganz aufregend .
this idea of fireflies in a jar , for some reason , was always really exciting to me .
light bulbs in a glass , i always found very exciting .
light worms in a glass , i always found quite exciting .

denn letztlich hängt unsere menschlichkeit , von unser aller menschlichkeit ab .
because ultimately , our humanity depends on everyone &apos;s humanity .
because ultimately our humanity depends on our humanity , from our humanity .
because ultimately , our humanity depends on our humanity &apos;s humanity .

der komponist wird immer mehr zum freund , mit dem man zusammen lebt .
the composer increasingly becomes like a friend you &apos;re living with .
the component is becoming more to the friend , with which you live together .
the component is getting more and more to the friend that you live together with .

das hier ist meine haut . das ist kein spezialeffekt aus hollywood .
that &apos;s my skin right there . this is not a hollywood special effect .
this is my skin . this is not a special effect of hollywood .
this is my skin . this is not a special effect of hollywood .

warum ist es wichtig , neuzustarten ? was repräsentiert das rot ?
why is it important to reboot ? what does the red represent ?
why is it important to start ? what represents red ?
why is it important to start ? what is the red ?

und da machte ich meinen ersten fehler ; ich schickte sie nach hause .
and that &apos;s when i made my first mistake ; i sent her home .
and i made my first mistake ; i sent them home .
and i made my first mistake ; i sent them home .

die menschen hier haben zu der entwicklung vieler dieser wunder beigetragen .
so , the people here have participated in the creation of many miracles .
people here have contributed to the development of this miracle .
people here have contributed to the development of this miracle .

dies ist heute alles realität und in der zukunft wird viel mehr möglich sein .
these are all reality today , and &#91; in &#93; the future , will be evermore possible .
this is all reality today , and in the future , it &apos;s going to be much more possible .
this is all reality today , and in the future , it will be much more possible .

aber wenn ich sie frage , wie geht &apos; s ihnen so mit ihrer frau ?
but if i would ask you , how is your wife ?
but when i ask you , how do you do with your wife ?
but when i ask you , how about your wife ?

das wären nämlich nur die buchstaben , die man gelernt hat , zu malen .
those would just be the letters you learned to write .
that &apos;s just the letters you &apos;ve learned to paint .
that would only be the letters that you learned to paint .

was sie benötigen ist eine umgebung , welche sie in der lage dazu versetzt .
what they need is an environment to be able to do that .
what you need is an environment that you put in the situation .
what you need is a environment that you put in the situation .

den sinn der buchstaben erkennt man erst , wenn man die sprache dazu kann .
you don &apos;t recognize the sense behind the letters until you know the language .
the sense of letters you can only see if you can do the language .
the sense of letters you only recognize when you can do the language .

das ist jetzt hier ein dreisatz , der uns eine logik beschreibt .
this , by the way , is the most complicated part of my presentation .
this is now a three-dimensional that describes us a logic description .
this is now a three-sentence that describes us a logic .

wie sollen wir also die frage nach den eigenschaften des charakter operationalisieren ?
so how do we operationalize the question of content of character ?
so how do we ask the question for the characteristics of the character ?
so how should we ask the question of the character of character ?

aber erst als ich 30 wurde , habe ich wirklich verstanden , was das bedeutet .
but it wasn &apos;t until i turned 30 that i really got what this meant .
but only when i became 30 , i really understood what that means .
but only when i became 30 , i really understood what that means .

das sind die fragen , mit denen wir uns die nächsten 50 jahre beschäftigen müssen .
and these are the questions that we have to worry about for the next 50 years .
these are the questions that we need to do the next 50 years .
these are the questions that we need to deal with the next 50 years .

aus sicht des erlebenden selbst hatte b eindeutig eine schlechtere zeit .
from the point of view of the experiencing self , clearly , b had a worse time .
from the living life itself , it was clearly a bad time .
in terms of living itself , a bad time had a bad time .

die menschen sind immer beunruhigt wenn ich sage , &quot; beschränken . &quot;
people are always upset when i say , &quot; cut . &quot;
people are always concerned when i say , &quot; limits . &quot;
people are always worried when i say , &quot; limited . &quot;

sie sagte : » ehrenwort ? « ich sagte : » ja . «
she said , &quot; now you make sure you don &apos;t do that . &quot; i said , &quot; sure . &quot;
she said , &quot; honor ? &quot; i said , &quot; yes . &quot;
she said , &quot; honor &quot; ? &quot; i said , &quot; yes . &quot;

und dies gab uns große zuversicht für das , das wir hier untersuchten .
and this gave us very high confidence for what we were looking at .
and this gave us a big deal for this , which we studied here .
and this gave us great insights for what we &apos;re studying here .

hast du keine angst , dass dich die demütigung einer absage umbringt ?
aren &apos;t you afraid the humiliation of rejection will kill you ?
do you have no fear that you get the decent of a statement ?
do you have no fear that you &apos;re going to defeat you ?

ganz entscheidend bei dieser studie war , dass die lehrer nicht eingeweiht waren .
a crucial part of this case study was that the teachers were duped too .
in fact , in this study , the teachers were not soft .
the very important thing about this study was that the teachers were not aware of .

bonobos -- wie menschen -- lieben es , ihr leben lang zu spielen .
bonobos , like humans , love to play throughout their entire lives .
bonobos -- like humans -- love to play their lives long .
bonobos -- like people -- love to play their lives long .

mit anderen worten : jeder schritt hier entspricht einer potenz in der leistungsskala .
in other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude in performance scale .
in other words , every step here is one of the potential in the power scale .
in other words , every step here is one of the potential in scale .

und ich möchte sagen , &quot; ja , das klingt wie eine richtig gute idee . &quot;
and i want to say , &quot; yeah , that sounds like a really good idea . &quot;
and i want to say , &quot; yes , it sounds like a really good idea . &quot;
and i want to say , &quot; yes , that sounds like a really good idea . &quot;

aber gleichzeitig hatten sie eine klare kenntnis des waldes , die erstaunlich war .
but at the same time they had a perspicacious knowledge of the forest that was astonishing .
but at the same time , they had a clear knowledge of the forest , which was amazing .
but at the same time , they had a clear statement of the forest that was amazing .

sie war auch der ausgangspunkt vieler streitigkeiten in unserer familie .
she was the beginning of a lot of arguments in our family .
she was also the point of view of many arguments in our family .
she was also the starting point of a lot of arguments in our family .

sie ist etwas , was nicht von stopp stofflicher , materieller natur ist .
and when you are with people who are firmly convinced that you have a soul , or , you might say , who believe that the soul brought us to life , then imagine something along these lines : the soul is an incorporeal framework around you , and it &apos;s not material , and you are just made of flesh and blood , are solid , so to speak , bound to the earth , ephemeral , subject to decay , insignificant , dead really .
it &apos;s a little bit of what &apos;s not being oblivious , material nature .
it &apos;s something that &apos;s not sticky , material nature .

ich möchte nicht sagen , dass wir von der anatomie ganz abstand nehmen sollten .
i don &apos;t want to say we give up entirely on anatomy .
i don &apos;t want to say that we should take off anatomy from anatomy .
i don &apos;t want to say that we should take anatomy from anatomy .

christentum , islam , buddhismus , judaismus oder was auch immer .
christianity , islam , buddhism , judaism , whatever .
christmas , islam , buddhism , judaism or whatever .
christium , islam , buddhism , judaism or whatever .

soll ich später heiraten ? soll ich erst kinder haben , oder erst karriere machen ? &quot;
should i get married later ? should i have kids first , or a career first ? &quot;
should i get married later ? should i have children , or do it first ? &quot;
should i get married later ? should i just have kids , or just do it ? &quot;

die also , die musik funktioniert also für mich so ähnlich wie die gesprochene sprache .
the so , music functions a lot like spoken language in my opinion .
so , the music works for me as much as the spoken language .
so the music works for me as similar as the spoken language .

aber ist es eine schwierige sache wegen des films oder eine schwierige sache wegen mir ?
but is it a tough sell because of the film or a tough sell because of me ?
but is it a difficult thing because of the film or a difficult thing for me ?
but is it a hard thing because of the film or a difficult thing because of me ?

wir haben auch etwas an der ecke dieser speziellen ausgabe des the guardian gemacht .
we &apos;ve also done a little something with the corner of this particular issue of the guardian .
we also did something in the corner of this particular representation of the guardian .
we also did something about the corner of this particular copy of the guardian of the guardian .

da vorn auf den deponien , aber auch sonst in der landschaft , ja ?
they &apos;re on the rubbish tips , but also elsewhere in the landscape , right ?
there &apos;s the deposters , but otherwise in the landscape , yes ?
because there &apos;s the depots , but otherwise in the landscape , right ?

warum müssen wir verhindern , dass menschen kenntnis von etwas erlangen , wenn es wahr ist ?
why do we need to prevent people from finding out something that is true ?
why do we have to prevent people &apos;s knowledge of something long when it &apos;s true ?
why do we have to prevent people from something long when it &apos;s true ?

den restlichen tag , den abend hatte ich dieses nagende gefühl in meinem magen .
all the rest of that day , that afternoon , i had this kind of gnawing feeling inside my stomach .
the rest of the day , the evening i had this native feeling in my stomach .
the rest of the day i had this nasty feeling in my mammals .

ich komme gerade von einer gemeinschaft zurück , die das geheimnis des fortbestands der menschheit kennt .
i just came back from a community that holds the secret to human survival .
i &apos;m just coming back from a community that knows the secret of the progressive of humanity .
i &apos;m just coming back from a community who knows the secret of the continuity of humanity .

es stimmt , wir haben ein riesiges nahrungsproblem , aber das ist nicht wissenschaft .
it &apos;s true , we &apos;ve got a huge food problem , but this isn &apos;t science .
it &apos;s true , we have a huge nutritional problem , but it &apos;s not science .
it &apos;s true , we have a huge food process , but that &apos;s not science .

oder sogar duzende von diesen städten zu bauen , oder hunderte auf der ganzen welt verteilt ?
or to build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these , around the world ?
or even dumping from these cities , or hundreds of people around the world ?
or even enough to build these cities , or hundreds of people around the world ?

also , wir brauchen nicht klimaneutral sein , wir können klimapositiv sein .
so we don &apos;t need to be climate neutral , we can be climate-positive .
so , we don &apos;t need climaneur , we can be climate .
so , we don &apos;t need climate change , we can be climate change .

also unglücklicherweise liegt die größte nummer von zielen für solche angriffe nicht im mittleren osten .
so unfortunately , the biggest number of targets for such attacks are not in the middle east .
so unfortunately , the largest number of goals is not in the middle east .
so unfortunately , the biggest number of resources is not in the middle east .

ich gab ihr aspirin . ich gab ihr medizin um den druck vom herzen zu nehmen .
i gave her aspirin . i gave her medications to relieve the strain on her heart .
i gave her aspire . i gave her medicine to take care of the heart of the heart .
i gave her aspiration . i gave her medicine to take the pressure from heart .

in einer notfallschicht habe ich zwei mal eine blinddarmentzündung übersehen .
twice in one emergency shift , i missed appendicitis .
in an emergency layer , i &apos;ve seen two times a blindfold .
in an emergency layer , i have two times a blind mental disorder .

und wenn ihre angestellten sie nicht auseinanderhalten können , können es ihre kunden auch nicht . &quot;
and if your employees can &apos;t tell them apart , neither can your consumers . &quot;
and if they can &apos;t hold their employees , they can &apos;t do their customers . &quot;
and if their employees can &apos;t help them , they can &apos;t do their customers . &quot;

es geht um die werte , die in diesen worten stecken , und wie wir diese werte konstruieren .
it &apos;s about the values behind the words , and how we construct those values .
it &apos;s about the values that are in these words , and how we construct these values .
it &apos;s about the values that put in these words , and how we construct this values .

bei der coalergy sehen wir klimaveränderung als eine ernste gefahr für unser geschäft .
at coalergy we view climate change as a very serious threat to our business .
in coalergy , we see climate change as a serious danger for our business .
in coalery , we see climate change as a serious danger for our business .

&quot; tu es einfach &quot; , sagte sie . &quot; und sei nicht , was du nicht bist . &quot;
&quot; just do it , &quot; she said , &quot; and don &apos;t be what you &apos;re not . &quot;
&quot; make it easy , &quot; she said . &quot; and not what you &apos;re not . &quot;
&quot; take it simple , &quot; she said . &quot; and not what you &apos;re not . &quot;

oh , und nebenbei sollten diese flamingos von vornherein nicht einmal da sein .
oh , and by the way , those flamingos , they shouldn &apos;t even be there in the first place .
oh , and by the way , this florgos should be not even there .
oh , and by the way , these flesgos should be not even there .

bedienen sie in einer suppenküche , räumen sie einen park in der nachbarschaft auf ,
serve food at a soup kitchen . clean up a neighborhood park .
do they serve in a weekly kitchen , ringing a park in the neighborhood .
put it in an envelope , you have a park in the neighborhood .

wir könnten nur als amorphe mollusken durch die weltmeere gleiten .
we &apos;d only be able to float in the earth &apos;s seas as amorphous molluscs .
we could only be as an amorphous pillar through the world &apos;s ocean .
we could just look at amorppers as amorn and so through the world meets .

aber dann erinnerte ich mich daran , wie tom in den freien himmel gesprochen hatte und ich versuchte es .
but then i remembered tom talking to the open air and i tried it .
but then i remembered how tom had talked about the free sky , and i tried to do it .
but then i remembered how tom was talking about in the free sky , and i tried it .

die leute sind dabei , anzuerkennen , dass sie an glück denken sollten , wenn sie an politik denken .
people are recognizing that they ought to be thinking of happiness when they think of public policy .
people are here to realize that they should be lucky if they think about politics .
the people are realizing that they should think of happiness when they think about politics .

deshalb sind die komponisten auf uns interpreten angewiesen , die die stücke wieder neu erfinden .
that &apos;s why composers depend on us interpreters to reinvent the pieces again and again .
that &apos;s why the composers are focused on us recommended the pieces that reinvent the pieces .
that &apos;s why the composers are interpreted to us that reinvent the pieces again .

aber sukzessive zog dann eben diese schrift als primärmedium , erhielt einzug .
but gradually the written form became the primary medium , and gained a foothold .
but sucessive , then this script moved as a primarily medium .
but sukish then moved this script as primarily as a primarily .

die amygdala ist also unser frühwarnsystem , unser gefahrendetektor .
now the amygdala is our early warning detector , our danger detector .
so the amygdala is our early warning system , our driving detector .
so the amygdala is our early warning system , our geometric detector .

und die wirklichkeit jenes ausdrucks erreicht uns alle , und bewegt , inspiriert und vereint uns .
and the reality of that expression reaches all of us and moves us , inspires and unites us .
and the reality that &apos;s really reaching us all , and is inspired , inspired and compelling us .
and the reality is that it reaches all of us , and moving , inspired and agreed us .

oder besser , wie können wir bedingungen schaffen , die jede gemeinschaft befähigen , sich selbst zu ernähren ?
or better : how can we create conditions that enable every community to feed itself ?
or better , how can we create conditions that feed every community to feed themselves ?
or better , how can we create conditions that feed each community to feed themselves ?

wenn sie voneinader umgeben sind , bemerken sie das auch und können etwas nervös werden .
if they get surrounded , they notice that too , they might get a little flustered .
if you &apos;re surrounded in the surrounds , you notice that and you can become something nervous .
if you &apos;re surrounded by the surroundings , you &apos;ll notice that , and you can become something nervous .

sie sie ein up-attribut ? sind sie etwas , dass das blut in wallungen bringt ?
are you an up attribute ? are you something that gets the blood flowing ?
you &apos;re a up-triangle ? are you something that brings blood into whales ?
they &apos;re a upchatter ? are they something that brings blood into whales ?

und die farbtöne und -schattierungen erinnern sie vielleicht an &quot; avatar &quot; .
and you will have noticed that the hues and tones are like &quot; avatar . &quot;
and the color sound and shatters , you may remember , &quot; avatar . &quot;
and the color daughters and shattitudes you might remember &quot; avatar . &quot;

für bonobos und menschen gleichermaßen besteht das leben nicht aus zähnen und klauen allein .
for bonobos and humans alike , life is not just red in tooth and claw .
for bonobos and people , the life isn &apos;t counted from teeth and claws alone .
for bonobos and people , life is not made out of teeth and sound alone .

mir kam es so vor , als hielten uns unsere schicken uhren und kameras davon ab zu träumen .
so i felt like our cellphones and our fancy watches and our cameras had stopped us from dreaming .
i came up with it as our ears and cameras came out of it .
i came up with the way that we were sending our send and cameras out of it .

wir sind an einem punkt angelangt , an dem wir nicht das selbe verhältnis zum fortschritt haben wie früher .
we &apos;re at a point in this world where we don &apos;t have the same relationship to progress that we used to .
we &apos;ve come to a point where we don &apos;t have the same relationship to progress like earlier .
we got to a point where we don &apos;t have the same relationship to progress as before .

damit wir uns gegenseitig auch verstehen , möchte ich ihnen jetzt einen elementaren , ganz einfachen zaubertrick zeigen .
in order for us to understand each other , i want to start by showing you a rudimentary , very simple magic trick .
so we also understand each other , i want to show you a fundamental , very simple magic trick .
so we also want to understand each other , i want to show you a fundamental , very simple magic trick .

ich kann die ganze sequenz beschleunigen , indem ich das tempo in die eine oder andere richtung kippe .
i can speed up the whole sequence by tilting the tempo one way or the other .
i can accelerate the whole sequence by putting the speed into the one or another .
i can accelerate the whole sequence by putting the tempo in one or another .

ich erinnerte mich an letztes jahr , als ich moskitos brachte und irgendwie mochten die leute das .
i thought back to a year ago when i brought mosquitos , and somehow people enjoyed that .
i remembered last year when i brought mosquitos , and somehow people liked that .
i remembered myself last year when i brought mosquitos and somehow liked the people .

nun , wenn ich je den ordner geöffnet hätte mit den 600 bildern darin hätte ich eine weitere stunde verbracht .
now , if i had ever opened the folder with the 600 pictures in it , i would have spent another hour .
well , if i &apos;d ever opened the one with the 600 images in it , i would have spent another hour .
well , if i ever opened the loans with the 600 images in it , i would have spent another hour .

und dies greift wirklich diese ideen auf , diese beschränkungen für den verfügbaren platz auf dem bildschirm abzuschaffen .
and this really gets at some of these ideas about really doing away with those limits on screen real estate .
and this really grows these ideas to create these limitations for the space of the screen on the screen .
and this really leads to these ideas to create these restrictions for the available place on the screen .

denn wenn wir das herausfinden könnten , hätten wir quasi vorher nie da gewesenes menschliches potenzial zur verfügung .
because if we could figure that out , we would have a virtually unprecedented human resource on our hands .
because if we could find that , we would never have been able to provide human potential .
because if we could figure that out , we wouldn &apos;t have access to human potential .

in dem moment war es , als ob ein filmregisseur einen bühnenwechsel verlangt hätte .
at that moment , it was as if a film director called for a set change .
in the moment , it was like a movie shelter had a bureaucracy shift .
in the moment , it was as if a film shelf would have landed a curve shift .

ich würde also sagen , dass es drei einfache regeln zu befolgen gibt , um ein realistisches resultat zu erreichen .
so i would like to say that there are three simple rules to follow to achieve a realistic result .
so i would say that there are three simple rules to follow to achieve a realistic outcome .
so i would say that there are three simple rules to follow to achieve a realistic outcome .

ah , was man hier sehen kann , entschuldigung , ist noch eine kleine erklärung von dem , was sie gleich sehen .
ah , what you can see here , sorry , is a short explanation of what we &apos;re about to see .
ah , what you can see here , sorry , is a little explanation of what you see in the same way .
ah , what you can see here , sorry , is a little explanation of what you see .

möglicherweise ist genau das der sinn von widrigkeiten , eine wahrnehmung des ichs , ein gefühl für unsere eigene kraft .
maybe that &apos;s what adversity gives us : a sense of self , a sense of our own power .
maybe that &apos;s exactly the sense of funny , a perception of istence , a sense of our own power .
maybe that &apos;s exactly the sense of wider , a perception of i.d , a sense of our own power .

die nächste folie , die ich ihnen zeige , ist eine zeitrafferaufnahme was in den letzten 25 jahren passiert ist .
the next slide i show you will be a rapid fast-forward of what &apos;s happened over the last 25 years .
the next slide i &apos;m going to show you is a time-time recording what &apos;s happened in the last 25 years .
the next slide i &apos;m going to show you is a time-lapse recording of what &apos;s happened in the last 25 years .

also er sagt , das ergibt tatsächlich sinn , denn spieler können in online-welten mehr erreichen als im echten leben .
but he says that this makes perfect sense , because gamers can achieve more in online worlds than they can in real life .
so he says that it actually makes sense , because players can achieve more than real life .
so he says that actually makes sense , because players can achieve more online worlds than in real life .

und ich dachte mir , &quot; wow , das ist genauso , als wäre ich in einem science-fiction-film .
and i thought like , &quot; wow . i &apos;m like , living in a science fiction movie .
and i thought , &quot; wow , that &apos;s the same as if i was in a scienarian film .
and i thought , &quot; wow , that &apos;s just as if i was in a science movie .

jimmy kimmel sendete den tweet , der das video letzten endes so populär machte .
jimmy kimmel posted this tweet that would eventually propel the video to be as popular as it would become .
jimmy kimbored the tweet , who made the last video so popular .
jimmy kimmy knight sensed the tweet that made the last video so popular .

wenn wir aber fotos kombinieren , ist es wirklich wichtig , daran zu denken , denn sonst sehen sie einfach irgendwie falsch aus .
but when combining photographs , this is really important to consider , because otherwise it just looks wrong somehow .
but when we combine photos , it &apos;s really important to think about it , because otherwise you just see it wrong .
but if we combined photographs , it &apos;s really important to think about it , because otherwise you just look wrong .

hier ist ein deutscher autohersteller , der ihnen die möglichkeit bietet , ihr auto komplett selbst zu konfigurieren .
here &apos;s a german car manufacturer that gives you the opportunity to completely custom make your car .
here &apos;s a german automaker who offers you the opportunity to contain your car completely .
here &apos;s a german car manufacturer who gives you the opportunity to confront your car completely .

das heißt , in dem moment müssen sie dafür sorgen , dass die erneuerbaren energien sozusagen das gesamte netz übernehmen können .
that means that at that moment you have to see to it that the renewable energies can take over the entire network .
that means that , in the moment , you have to worry that the renewables are able to take the entire grid .
that means , in the moment , you have to worry about the renewable energy that the whole net can be able to take the whole net .

wir wollen uns das bestmögliche ergebnis vorstellen . und dann menschen dazu ermächtigen , diese vorstellung in die realität umzusetzen .
we want to imagine the best-case scenario outcome , and then we want to empower people to make that outcome a reality .
we want to think about the best outcome . and then people tend to make this idea in reality .
we want to imagine the best possible result , and then people tend to encounter this idea in reality .

wissen sie , das ist mir recht , denn wenn das die zukunft guter lebensmittel ist , wird sie köstlich sein .
you know , i &apos;m okay with that , because if that &apos;s the future of good food , it &apos;s going to be delicious .
you know , that &apos;s me right , because when the future of good food is , it will be delicious .
you know , that &apos;s right to me , because if that &apos;s the future of good food , it &apos;s going to be delicious .

und dann rennte sie rannte sie zu ihrem mann und sagte , das ist doch wohl nicht wahr , was charles da schreibt .
then she ran ran to her husband and said , surely what charles has written is not true .
and then they ran them to their man and said that &apos;s not true what charles said .
and then she ran to her husband , and she said , &quot; that &apos;s not what charles write . &quot;

wir besitzen einen kognitiven fehler , so dass wir einen perfekten krankheitsverlauf für einen patienten mit brustschmerzen nehmen kann .
we have our cognitive biases , so that i can take a perfect history on a patient with chest pain .
we have a cognitive mistake so that we can take a perfect disease on a patient with breast pain .
we have a cognitive mistake so that we can take a perfect disease for a patient with breast cancer .

wir haben hier drei perfekt vorstellbare physische objekte , mit denen wir uns alle identifizieren können in einer dreidimensionalen welt .
here we have three perfectly imaginable physical objects , something we all can relate to living in a three-dimensional world .
we have three perfect physical objects that we can identify in a three-dimensional world .
we have three perfect physical objects here with which we can identify all in a three-dimensional world .

aluminium war zu dieser zeit das wertvollste metall auf dem planeten , wertvoller als gold und platin .
you see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet , worth more than gold and platinum .
aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet , full of gold and plate .
aluminum to this time was the most valuable metal on the planet , valuable as gold and bills .

das war der stand der physik vor einigen jahren ; man brauchte quantenmechanik um die kleinen , winzigen teilchen zu beschreiben .
and so that &apos;s where physics was at a few years ago ; you needed quantum mechanics to describe little , tiny particles .
this was the physics of physics a few years ago ; you needed quantum mechanics to describe the little tiny , tiny particles .
this was the physics of a few years ago ; you needed quantum mechanics to describe the little particles .

tatsächlich verbrennt man den müll , und man kann sogar den abfall von heutigen reaktoren als antriebsstoff benutzen .
you actually burn up the waste , and you can actually use as fuel all the leftover waste from today &apos;s reactors .
in fact , you burn the garbage , and you can actually use the waste of today &apos;s reactor as a generator .
in fact , you burn the garbage , and you can actually use the waste of reactor today as a operating fuel .

und es ist spannend , weil ich meinen schülern afroamerikanische geschichte beibringe . ich rede über sklaverei .
and it &apos;s interesting , when i teach my students about african american history , i tell them about slavery .
and it &apos;s exciting , because i teach my students african-american history . i &apos;m talking about slavery .
and it &apos;s exciting because i teach my students rose american history . i talk about slavery .

wir gehen also raus und spielen damit und schauen dann wie es reagiert . und dann fangen wir dort an unsere intuition zu entwickeln .
so we go out and play with it , and then we see how it acts , and then we develop our intuition from there .
so we go out and play with it , and then look like it reacting , and then we start developing our intuition .
so we go out and play with it , and then look how it responds , and then we start developing our intuition .

auf der ganzen welt gibt es 700 millionen menschen , die angeben , dass sie gerne dauerhaft an einem anderen ort leben möchten .
around the world , there &apos;s 700 million people who say they &apos;d like to move permanently someplace else right now .
all over the world there are 700 million people who want them to be permanent in a different place .
all over the world , there are 700 million people who want them to live permanent in a different place .

es stellt sich heraus , dass das wort glück einfach kein nützliches wort mehr ist , weil wir es auf zu viele unterschiedliche dinge anwenden .
it turns out that the word &quot; happiness &quot; is just not a useful word anymore , because we apply it to too many different things .
it turns out that the word is simply not a useful word , because we apply it to a lot of different things .
it turns out that the word happiness is simply not a useful word , because we apply it to many different things .

nicht veränderung und technologie bedrohen die integrität der ethnosphäre . es ist macht . das hässliche gesicht der herrschaft .
it &apos;s not change or technology that threatens the integrity of the ethnosphere . it is power , the crude face of domination .
not change and technology threats the integrity of ethnosphere . it &apos;s power . this is ugly face face .
not change and technology threats the integrity of ethnosphere . it &apos;s power . the ugly face of dominance .

darum geht es nicht darum , das bestehende ein bisschen weniger schlecht zu zu machen , sondern es geht darum , etwas richtig zu machen .
that &apos;s why the point is not to to make what already exists a little less bad , but to do something right .
it &apos;s not about making a little less bad , but it &apos;s about doing something right .
it &apos;s not about making a little bit less bad to do , it &apos;s about doing something right .

ein erstaunliches beispiel , wie eine nation , ein staat , die wiedergutmachung mit seinen einwohnern suchen und erreichen kann .
an amazing example of how a nation-state can seek restitution with its people .
an amazing example of how a nation , a state , a state that can be able to searching with his apartment , and can do it .
an amazing example of how a nation , a state , a state that can seek with his apartment and reach .

was wir hier gemacht haben ist , wir haben jede einzelne wikipediaseite genommen und sie auf eine kleine zusammenfassung reduziert .
what we &apos;re done here is we &apos;ve taken every single wikipedia page and we reduced it down to a little summary .
what we &apos;ve done here is we &apos;ve taken each individual pedian egg and reduced it into a small constitution .
what we &apos;ve done here is we &apos;ve taken every single wider pedier and reduced them to a little bit together .

wir trugen unsere schätze nach draußen zur hausbesitzerin , wo , nicht überraschend , seiner wesentlich mehr aufmerksamkeit bekam als meiner .
we took our treasures outside to the homeowner , where , not surprisingly , his received much more attention than did mine .
we troop our estimates out to the house where , not surprising , much more of his attention than my attention .
we trusted our estimates out to the households where , not surprisingly , he got more attention than my own .

da ist das uffizi , das moma , die hermitage , das rijks , das van gogh .
you &apos;ve got the uffizi , you &apos;ve got the moma , the hermitage , the rijks , the van gogh .
there &apos;s the uffizi , the moma , the hermites , the rift jolgh , van gogh .
there &apos;s uffizi , the moma , the hermitage , the right-jks , the van gogh .

also hab ich mir sofort die online-ausgabe von 2009 aufgerufen und erwartet , dass ich hier einen ansprechenderen beitrag finde .
so , i immediately went to look up the 2009 online edition , expecting to find a revision worth noting .
so i immediately went to the online record of 2009 , and i expect to find a lawyer that i find a contribution of their contribution .
so i immediately called up the online copy of 2009 , and i expected to find a contract of their contribution .

ich hab da so &apos; ne kognitive rückkoppelung , du hast was projieziert , was du sehen möchtest .
i have this cognitive feedback , you projected something you want to see .
i &apos;ve got such cognitive surgeries , you &apos;ve got what you &apos;re seeing .
i &apos;ve got so cognitive feedback , you &apos;ve got what you see , what you see .

und eines der dinge , die wir an der radboud-universität eingeführt haben , war , einen haupt-zuhörer anzustellen .
and one of the things we did at radboud university is we appointed a chief listening officer .
and one of the things that we introduced in the bike university was to put a major listener .
and one of the things that we introduced to the bike university university was to ask a major audience .

dann nahm er einen schluck bier und bot meiner schwester eines an , und sie nahm an , und dann boten sie mir eins an .
and he had a sip of this beer and he gave some to my sister and she had some , and they offered it to me .
then he took a beer , and he took one of my sister , and he took them , and then she took me one .
and then he took a beer and he gave my sister to one , and she took it , and then he would give me one .

und wenn man bonobos beim spiel beobachtet , sieht man die evolutionären ursprünge menschlichen lachens , tanzes und von ritualen .
and when you watch bonobo play , you &apos;re seeing the very evolutionary roots of human laughter , dance and ritual .
and if you look at bonobos on the game , you see the evolutionary density of human lakes , dance and rituals .
and when you look at bonobos at play , you see the evolutionary origin of human beings , dancing and rituals .

oder fotos wie diese – dunkel und farbenfroh zugleich , aber alle mit dem gemeinsamen ziel , eine realistische ebene zu behalten .
or photos like these -- both dark and colorful , but all with a common goal of retaining the level of realism .
or photos like this -- dark and colorful frog , but all with the common goal , to keep a realistic level .
or photos like this -- dark and colorful frog , but all of the common goal to keep a realistic level .

dies ist , denke ich , so tief in unserer wasserversorgung verankert , dass es keinem in dem sinn kommen würde es zu hinterfragen .
this , i think , is so deeply embedded in the water supply that it wouldn &apos;t occur to anyone to question it .
this is , i think , deep in our water supply , that it would come in a sense .
this is , i think , as deep in our water supply , that it would come to a sense of what it would be .

&quot; das stimmt &quot; , sagte er . &quot; wir sind so weit draußen , dass der abfall von unserem fisch verteilt wird , nicht konzentriert . &quot;
&quot; that &apos;s right , &quot; he said . &quot; we &apos;re so far out , the waste from our fish gets distributed , not concentrated . &quot;
&quot; that &apos;s true , &quot; he said . &quot; we &apos;re so far out that the waste of our fish is distributed , not concentrated . &quot;
&quot; that &apos;s true , &quot; he said . &quot; we &apos;re so far out that the case of our fish is distributed , not concentrated . &quot;

der grund , warum an ihnen oft verschiedene arten chirurgischer eingriffe vorgenommen werden , ist , weil sie unsere sozialen kategorien bedrohen .
the reason they &apos;re often subject to various kinds of surgeries is because they threaten our social categories .
the reason why many different kinds of surgical intervention are preferred is because they threatened our social categories .
the reason why they &apos;re often given different types of surgery is because they &apos;re threatened our social categories .

mein kiefer war unten und nachdem ich mich erholte sagte ich , &quot; i hätte gerne die art , die früher die einzige art war . &quot;
my jaw dropped , and after i recovered , i said , &quot; i want the kind that used to be the only kind . &quot;
my jaw was down , and after i told me , &quot; i &apos;d like to have the way that was the only way . &quot;
my jaw was down , and after i said , &quot; i &apos;d like to have the kind of thing that was the only way . &quot;

da das völlig überraschend und humorvoll war , wurde casey niestats witzige idee und sein argument 5 millionen mal angeschaut .
by being totally surprising and humorous , casey niestat got his funny idea and point seen five million times .
there was completely surprising and humorous , casey became casey jokes , and his argument looked at five million times .
since the whole surprise was completely surprising , casey statey &apos;s idea and his argument was looking at five million times .

wissen sie , es gibt einen grund , warum der durchschnitts-word of warcraft-spieler 22 stunden pro woche spielt , sozusagen als teilzeitjob .
you know there &apos;s a reason why the average world of warcraft gamer plays for 22 hours a week , kind of a half-time job .
you know , there &apos;s a reason why the average number of crap players play 22 hours a week , in particular , as a job .
you know , there &apos;s a reason why the average engine of crafts-hour players play 22 hours a week , as part of the job .

ich habe einen plan dafür . ich möchte mehr menschen überzeugen , einschließlich ihnen allen , mehr zeit mit dem spielen größerer und tollerer spiele zu verbringen .
now , i have a plan for this , and it entails convincing more people , including all of you , to spend more time playing bigger and better games .
i have a plan for this . i want to convince you more people , including all of them , spend more time playing with the larger and great games .
i have a plan for that . i want to convince you more people , including all of them , more time to play with the larger and great games .

das sind die leute , die sich zumindest offiziell eingetragen haben auf der webseite , d.i.y.bio-dot-org webseite .
those are the people who are at least officially registered on the website , the diy-bio-dot-org-website .
these are the people who have contributed at least officially on the website , which is i.y.y.org website .
these are the people who were at least officially involved in the website , d..i.p. biodotg .

aber sowas doofes wie &apos; n solarpendel , aus dem irgendwie hundert watt aus dem quadratmeter herauskommt , das war ein spielzeug .
but something stupid like a solar pendulum , which has an output of something like one hundred watt per square metre , that was a toy .
but it &apos;s like the head of solar peninsula , which is kind of coming out of a hundred watts from the square meter that was a toy .
but this is something like lincoln solar pencil , which somehow comes out of a hundred watts of the square meter , that was a toy toy .

und er weiß nicht , dass er mit einer lähmenden krankheit infiziert ist , und wir wissen das auch nicht , denn so funktioniert die welt nun mal .
and he doesn &apos;t know that he &apos;s infected with a paralytic disease , and we don &apos;t either because that &apos;s the way the world works .
and he doesn &apos;t know that he &apos;s infected with a disease , and we don &apos;t know that , because it doesn &apos;t work like the world .
and he doesn &apos;t know that he &apos;s infected with a mental illness , and we don &apos;t know that , because the world works now .

aber webvideos haben ermöglicht , dass wir alle oder alle unsere kreativen tätigkeiten wahnsinnig berühmt werden können in einem teil der kultur unserer welt .
but now web video has made it so that any of us or any of the creative things that we do can become completely famous in a part of our world &apos;s culture .
but web videos have enables us to all or all of our creative activities can be famous in a part of our culture .
but web videos have enabled that we all live or all of our creative activities will be famous paralyzed in a part of our culture .

und ich rief sie an und zapfte ihr wissen an , um ihr fachwissen mit dem zu vergleichen , was wir im code und in den daten herausgefunden hatten .
and i phoned them up and picked their brain in an effort to match their expertise with what we found in code and data .
and i called them and i called them and apples to compare their professional knowledge with what we found in the code and in the data .
and i called them and i would know their knowledge to compare their knowledge to what we found in code and found in the data .

und so , wenn menschen entscheidungen treffen , und auch wenn die ergebnisse der entscheidungen gut sind , fühlen sie sich enttäuscht darüber , sie beschuldigen sich selbst .
and so when people make decisions , and even though the results of the decisions are good , they feel disappointed about them ; they blame themselves .
and so , when people make decisions , and also when the results of decisions are good , they feel disappointed about it .
and so , if people make decisions , and even if the results of decisions are good , they feel disappointed about it , they complained themselves .

ich wuchs auf dem land auf , im alten , ländlichen süden und ich habe einen bruder , der ein jahr älter ist und eine ein jahr jüngere schwester .
i grew up in the country in the rural south , and i have a brother a year older than me and a sister a year younger .
i grew up on the country , in the old , rural south , and i have a brother that &apos;s older and a year younger sister .
i grew up on the country , in the old , rural south , and i have a brother who is older and a year and a younger sister .

das ist der abfall , die 99 % . man hat den teil , der heute verbrannt wird , herausgenommen also heißt es aufgebrauchtes uran .
this is the leftover , the 99 percent , where they &apos;ve taken out the part they burn now , so it &apos;s called depleted uranium .
this is the waste , which is 99 percent . you have the part that &apos;s been burned today , so it &apos;s called the consumers .
that &apos;s the case , the 99 percent . you have the part that &apos;s been burned in today , so it &apos;s called consumers .

und wenn sie diese voraussetzung vor augen haben , dann verstehen sie die logik , mit der wir dieses glück erleben , durch eine lüge unsere welt verbessern zu können .
because now you can implement a rule of three .
and if you have these predictions , then you understand the logic that we &apos;re going to experience this happiness , through a gap to improve our world .
and if you have this prediction , you can understand the logic that we can experience this happiness through a lie to improve our world .

wichtig ist , dass eine einzelperson oder gruppe von tastemakers einen standpunkt einnahm , mit einem großen publikum teilte und damit den prozess beschleunigte .
but what &apos;s important is that an individual or a group of tastemakers took a point of view and they shared that with a larger audience , accelerating the process .
what &apos;s important is that a single person or a group of mathematicians took a standpoint of view with a large audience and accelerating the process .
what &apos;s important is that a single person or a group of tastetails took a center with a big audience and accelerated the process .

und mir wurde klar , dass er nicht nur ein enzyklopädisches wissen über musik besaß , sondern ihn mit ihr auch eine enge persönliche beziehung verband .
and i understood that he not only had an encyclopedic knowledge of music , but he related to this music at a personal level .
and i realized that he was not just an encyclopedia of music , but also connected to her with a personal relationship .
and i realized that he was not just an encyclopedia know about music , but also with her a personal relationship .

was ich machen möchte , ist ein film rund um product placement , marketing und werbung , wobei der ganze film finanziert wird durch product placement , marketing und werbung .
what i want to do is make a film all about product placement , marketing and advertising , where the entire film is funded by product placement , marketing and advertising .
so what i want to do is make a movie about gear marketing , marketing and advertising , which is funded by placement , marketing and advertising .
what i &apos;d like to do is make a film about ideal marketing , marketing and advertising , where the whole film is funded by placement , marketing and marketing .

ein mensch , der für mich türen geöffnet hat , war mein kinderarzt am a.i. dupont institut in wilmington in del<unk> .
one such person who opened doors for me was my childhood doctor at the a.i. dupont institute in wilmington , delaware .
a human being opened for me was my child at the a.i. dupot institute in wild mington .
a man who opened up for me was my child &apos;s doctor at a.i. dupot in wilington in dolphington .

für mich ist das beste lebende beispiel , wie man dies schaffen kann der musiker tom waits . ich durfte ihn vor einigen jahren für ein magazin interviewen .
and for me , the best contemporary example that i have of how to do that is the musician tom waits , who i got to interview several years ago on a magazine assignment .
for me , the best living example of how to do this is to create the musicians of musicians and i could interview him for a few years ago .
for me , the best life example of how to create this can be the musicians of the musician elections . i gave him a few years ago for a magazine .

der arzt für pränatale diagnostik meiner mutter war im urlaub , und so kannten meine eltern den mann , der mich zur welt brachte , überhaupt nicht .
and so my mother &apos;s prenatal physician had gone on vacation , so the man who delivered me was a complete stranger to my parents .
the doctor for pratatatal diagnostic diagnostics was in the vacation , and so my parents knew the man that brought me to the world , not at all .
the doctor for pratal diagnostics of my mother was in the urb , and so my parents knew the man who brought me to the world , didn &apos;t even .

was wäre , wenn sie die genetischen veränderungen machen könnten , um diabetes oder alzheimer zu beseitigen oder das reduzieren des krebsrisikos oder schlaganfälle zu eliminieren ?
what if you could make the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or alzheimer &apos;s or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate stroke ?
what if you could make the genetic changes to reduce diabetes or alzheimer &apos;s disease or reduce cancer &apos;s disease or stroke the cancer risk or stroke accidents ?
what if they could do the genetic changes to reject diabetes or reduce alzheimer &apos;s or reduce the cancer risk of risk or sleep ?

also wenn wir uns mal die entwicklung unserer gesellschaft anschauen , hier kurz dargestellt , dann bewegen wir uns jetzt von der dritten in die vierte gesellschaftsgeneration oder gesellschaftsform .
so if we look at the development of our society , summarised briefly here , we are moving from the third to the fourth social generation , or social form .
so if we look at the development of our society , right here , then we &apos;re moving from the third in the third of the viral generation or social form .
so , if we look at the development of our society , here we &apos;re going to move forward , we &apos;re now moving from the third generation of the fourth generation or social form .

wir wollen gut für die gesellschaft sein , wir wollen gut für die wirtschaft sein , aber wenn es um die umwelt geht , ist das höchste , nicht da zu sein , ja ?
we want to be good for society , we want to be good for the economy , but when it comes to the environment , the most honourable thing for us would be to not be here at all , right ?
we want to be good for society , we want to be good for the economy , but when it comes to the environment , the highest thing is not to be there , right ?
we want to be good for society , we want to be good for the economy , but if it &apos;s about the environment , it &apos;s the highest , isn &apos;t it to be there ?

da stand ich also wieder mit einem kleinen team auf unbekanntem terrain . wir drehten &quot; avatar &quot; mit einer neuen technik , die es vorher noch nicht gab .
so , here i was again with a small team , in uncharted territory , doing &quot; avatar , &quot; coming up with new technology that didn &apos;t exist before .
so i stood back with a small team on unknown terrain , and we drew &quot; avatar &quot; with a new technology that had not been before .
so again , i stood back with a small team on unknown terror , and we dreamed &quot; avatar &quot; with a new technology that didn &apos;t have before .

und jedes jahr bitten wir die studenten , unternehmen , produkte und dienstleistungen zu schaffen , die innerhalb eines jahrzehnts positiv das leben von millarden von menschen beinflussen können .
and every year we ask them to start a company or a product or a service that can affect positively the lives of a billion people within a decade .
and every year we ask the students to create products and services and services that can live within a decade , within a decade , the lives of millennia of people .
and every year we ask the students to create products and services and services that can be positive within a decade of milky ments of millennia of people .

aber die logik der täuschung erlaubt es uns , so zu tun , als wäre der erste satz von vornherein falsch , als müsste man selbstverständlich das gegenteil ohne beweis annehmen .
but the logic of deception allows us to act as if the first theorem were false from the start , so of course you &apos;d have accept the opposite without any proof .
but the logic of disappointment allows us to do it as if the first sentence of premice had to be wrong , as if you had to think of it without evidence .
but the logic of deception allows us to do this as if the first set of prevalence had to be the first set of precisely than you &apos;d have to think of the opposite of the opposite .

ich sprach laut : <unk> hör zu , du ding , du und ich wissen beide , wenn dieses buch nicht brillant ist , dass es nicht komplett meine schuld ist , richtig ?
and i said aloud , &quot; listen you , thing , you and i both know that if this book isn &apos;t brilliant that is not entirely my fault , right ?
i was talking to you , you know , you &apos;re doing this thing , and you both know , if this book isn &apos;t brilliant , it &apos;s not completely my fault , right ?
i talked loud , you know , you know , you know , and you both know , if this book is not brilliant , that it &apos;s not completely blame , right ?

und stellen sie sich vor , ich hab sogar schon als fünfjähriges kind mit dr. p. verhandelt und so versucht , diese übungen zu stoppen , natürllich ohne erfolg .
and , you know , i was already bargaining , as a five year-old child , with dr. p to try to get out of doing these exercises , unsuccessfully , of course .
and imagine i &apos;ve even been a five-year-old child with dr. p.p. and so trying to stop these practices , natural success without success .
and imagine that i even had a five-year-old child with dr. pills , and so is trying to stop these practices , natural gas without success .

ein tropfen im ozean , ich weiß , aber ich nehme ihn , und das sollten sie auch tun , denn diese liebesgeschichte , wie romantisch auch immer , ist auch aufschlussreich .
a drop in the ocean , i know , but i &apos;ll take it , and so should you , because this love story , however romantic , is also instructive .
a drop in the ocean , i know , but i take it , and that &apos;s what you should do , because this story is how romantic romantic is still , too .
a drop in the ocean , i know , but i &apos;m going to take him , and that &apos;s what you should do , because this story , as romantically , is also the end of romantic .

dadurch das ich sie nach hause schickte , missachtete ich ein leise stimme in mir , die versuchte mir zu sagen , &quot; goldman , keine gute idee . tue das nicht . &quot;
in sending her home , i disregarded a little voice deep down inside that was trying to tell me , &quot; goldman , not a good idea . don &apos;t do this . &quot;
so i sent them home , missed me a voice that was trying to tell me , &quot; goldman , don &apos;t do good idea . &quot;
so that &apos;s what i sent them home , i mixed a voice in me to tell me , &quot; goldman , not a good idea . &quot;

und aus meiner sicht ist die wissenschaftliche methode , sachen auszuprobieren , schauen , ob es funktioniert , es ändern , wenn es das nicht tut , eine der großartigsten errungenschaften der menschheit .
and to my mind , the scientific method -- trying stuff out , seeing if it works , changing it when it doesn &apos;t -- is one of the great accomplishments of humanity .
and from my view , the scientific method is to try to try and look at things , whether it works , if it doesn &apos;t do that , one of the greatest achievements of humanity .
and from my view , the scientific method is to try to try and look at whether it works , if it doesn &apos;t do that , one of the greatest achievements of humanity .

das gab es noch nie zuvor in der geschichte der technologie-entwicklung , diese art von rekursivem wachstum , durch welches sich die grössenordnung alle paar jahre exponentiell erhöht .
and there &apos;s nothing precedented in the history of technology development of this kind of self-feeding growth where you go by orders of magnitude every few years .
this has never been in history before in the history of technology , this kind of recursive growth growth , which has increased the size of all the years of exponentially .
this was never before in the history of technology , this kind of recursive growth , which has increased by the greenhouse gases all the time .

nun , von allen menschen , die ich getroffen habe , waren die kogi aus der sierra nevada de santa marta in nordkolumbien , die außergewöhnlichsten .
now , of all the peoples that i &apos;ve ever been with , the most extraordinary are the kogi of the sierra nevada de santa marta in northern colombia .
now , from all of the people i met were the ones from sierra nevada de santa mara margta in northern columbia , the most extraordinary .
now , from all the people i met were the gli from the sierra nevada neva santa in northern colombia , the most extraordinary .

und witzigerweise ist sie in den siebziger jahren bei bbc mannheim , heute abb , entwickelt worden und wurde dann auslizensiert an die japaner .
and funnily enough it was developed at the bbc mannheim , called abb today , in the seventies , and was then licensed to the japanese .
and funny , in the seventh years , it &apos;s been developed in bbc &apos;s home at bbc &apos;s home , and it &apos;s been developed , and then it &apos;s been exposed to the japanese .
and wizingly , she &apos;s in the seventh years in bc of bc , today &apos;s home , and then was returned to the japanese .

wenn man sich die geschichte der gründungsväter ansieht , wird deutlich , dass viele von ihnen sehr an wissenschaft interessiert waren , und sie waren an einem konzept einer naturalistischen welt interessiert .
and it &apos;s really clear , if you look at the history of the founding fathers , a lot of them were very interested in science , and they were interested in a concept of a naturalistic world .
if you look at the story of the founding fathers , there &apos;s clear that many of you were very interested in science , and they were interested in a concept of a natural world .
if you look at the story of the founding vases , many of you were very interested in science , and they were interested in a concept of a natural world .

und die gründe dafür wären , dass es uns erstens durch medizin , gelungen ist , eine menge von genen zu erhalten die ansonsten rausgewählt worden wären und aus der population entfernt worden wären .
and the reasoning behind that would be , first , we have , through medicine , managed to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise be selected out and be removed from the population .
and the reasons for it would be that we were first in medicine is to get a lot of genes that had been counted out of the otherwise , and the population had been removed .
and the reasons that the reasons would be that it was first by medicine , is a lot of genes that had been chosen to be chosen and made out of the population .

das war dr. kean , ein mann , den ich nur aus erzählungen meiner mutter über diesen tag kannte , weil ich natürlich , ganz typisch , zu meinem geburtstag zwei wochen zu spät kam .
this man was dr. kean , a man that i had only known about through my mother &apos;s stories of that day , because , of course , typical fashion , i arrived late for my birthday by two weeks .
this was dr. keplan , a man that i knew only from my mother about this day because , of course , i was very typical , to my birthday two weeks ago .
this was dr. kean , a man that i only knew from my mother on this day , because , of course , i was very typical to my birthday for two weeks .

irgendwie muss ich von nun an einen weg finden , beim schreiben eine sichere distanz zu wahren zwischen mir und meiner sehr natürlichen beklemmung darüber , wie die reaktion auf das geschriebene sein wird .
i have to sort of find some way to have a safe distance between me , as i am writing , and my very natural anxiety about what the reaction to that writing is going to be , from now on .
somehow , i have to find a way to write a way to preserve a safe distance between me and my very natural climbing climbing about how the response is going to be on .
somehow i have to find a way of writing a way of writing a safe distance between me and my very natural climbing about how the reaction will be .

und so bekommt man eine idee davon , dass wenn man auf diese art informationen durchsucht , gezielter , breiter , reinzoomen , rauszoomen , dann sucht man nicht oder surft nicht einfach nur .
and so you get the idea that when you navigate over information this way -- going narrower , broader , backing in , backing out -- you &apos;re not searching , you &apos;re not browsing .
and so you get an idea that if you look at this kind of information , you can see this kind of information , truck , broader , zoom in , zoom in , you don &apos;t just look for surplus .
and so you get an idea that if you look through this kind of information , you &apos;re looking at this kind of information , you &apos;re going to zoom out and zoom out , zoom in , you &apos;re not just looking out or surfing .

ohne unterstützung ihres mannes sorgte sie für eine sensation , indem sie ihn vor gericht brachte und anklägerin in ihrem eigenen fall war , und eine noch größere sensation , als sie gewann .
with no support from her husband , she caused a sensation by taking him to court and prosecuting her own case , and a far greater sensation when she won .
without their support of her manual , she was interested in a conversation by bringing him in front of her court , and in her own case , and a bigger senior than she won .
without her husband &apos;s support , she was looking for a senior by bringing him in front of the court , and he was in her own case , and a bigger senior when she won .

der rechte kreis sieht größer aus als der kleine , obwohl das gar nicht der fall ist , sondern sie sind eben entsprechend gleich groß , und trotzdem verändert sich unsere wahrnehmung , je nachdem in welchem kontext wir dinge reinstellen .
the right circle looks bigger than the small one , even though it isn &apos;t at all , they &apos;re actually equally big , and yet our perception changes , depending on the context we place things in .
the right circle looks bigger than the small , although that &apos;s not the case , it &apos;s not the case , but it &apos;s just as big as we are , and yet our perception changes in what we &apos;re doing in context .
the right circle looks bigger than the small , even though it &apos;s not the case , but they &apos;re just as big as big as we are , and yet our perception of what we think of .

das ist ein wichtiger schritt vorwärts , aber es ist wie ein schneller reaktor und einige länder haben diese gebaut , deshalb ist jeder , der einen schnellen reaktor umgesetzt hat , ein kandidatat für unseren ersten .
it &apos;s an important advance , but it &apos;s like a fast reactor , and a lot of countries have built them , so anybody who &apos;s done a fast reactor is a candidate to be where the first one gets built .
this is a really important step forward , but it &apos;s like a reactor , and some countries have built these countries , so everyone who has accomplished a fast reactor , a candidate for our first date .
this is a very important step forward , but it &apos;s like a reactor , and some countries have built these countries , so everybody who has a quick reactor reactor , a candidate for our first candidate .

wie man einen glücklichen neuen tag immer wieder neu erlebt , obwohl immer mit den gleichen ritualen des lebens , aufstehen , frühstücken , zur arbeit gehen , so erlebe auch ich das gleiche stück immer wieder aufs neue .
it &apos;s like experiencing a happy new day afresh , even though you go through the same rituals , getting up , having breakfast , going to work , i experience the same piece anew again and again .
how to rethink a happy new day , even though , with the same rituals of life , rising , early stages , to work , to work , and again , i keep the same piece of time .
as you can rediscover a happy new day , even though with the same rituals of life , early bricks , breakfast , work , so i &apos;m going to get the same piece again .

ansonsten , bitte ich sie , wenn ich ihnen eine frage stelle , und ihre antwort ja ist , also , meine erste frage für heute lautet : sind sie bereit etwas über das entscheidungsüberlastungsproblem zu hören ?
otherwise , when i ask you a question , and if your answer is yes , so for my first question for you today : are you guys ready to hear about the choice overload problem ?
otherwise , i ask you , if i ask you a question , and your answer is , so , my first question for today , is , are you ready to hear about the decision-making problem ?
otherwise , i ask you , if i ask you a question , and your answer is yes , so my first question for today is , are you ready to hear something about decision-making decision-making ?

wir haben also das konzept , dass eine frau zu sein , heißt eine weibliche identität zu haben ; eine schwarze person zu sein , heißt , angeblich , eine afrikanische anatomie zu haben im hinblick auf die eigene geschichte .
so we have the concept that what it means to be a woman is to have a female identity ; what it means to be a black person is , allegedly , is to have an african anatomy in terms of your history .
so we have the concept that a woman means to have a female identity ; a black person is called a black person , offered to have an african anatomy in our own history .
so we have the concept that a woman is to have a female identity , to be a black person , to be a black person , is to have an african anatomy in your own history .

der andere freiwillige , der knapp vor mir angekommen war -- nennen wir ihn lex luther -- erreichte den hauptmann als erstes und wurde gebeten in das haus zu gehen und den hund der hausbesitzerin zu retten .
the other volunteer who had arrived just before me -- let &apos;s call him lex luther -- got to the captain first and was asked to go inside and save the homeowner &apos;s dog .
the other volunteer , the kneck of me -- let &apos;s call him lex luther -- the first man was asked to go to the house and save the dog and save the dog in the house .
the other volunteer who came to me was called me -- call it lex luther luther luther -- reached the first man and was asked to go to the house and save the dog &apos;s dog .

nach diesen expeditionen begannen wir das , was wir da unten gesehen hatten , wirklich schätzen zu lernen , zum beispiel diese tiefseequellen , wo wir diese unglaublich verblüffenden tiere sahen . das sind quasi außerirdische , aber hier auf erden .
so , having done these expeditions , and really beginning to appreciate what was down there , such as at the deep ocean vents where we had these amazing , amazing animals -- they &apos;re basically aliens right here on earth .
after these expeditions , we started to see what we saw down there , really appreciated to learning , for example , these profound seals , where we saw these incredibly amazing animals . these are amazing animals . these are aliens , but there are aliens here .
after these expeditions , we started seeing what we had seen in the bottom , really appreciated to learn , for example , these deep sections , where we saw these incredibly amazing animals , and that &apos;s kind of aliens , but on the ground .

wir haben eine internetseite errichtet und eine menschenmasse gefragt , &quot; wenn sie einen aed sehen , bitte teilen sie uns mit , wo er ist , wann er auf hat , &quot; denn manchmal ist er während geschäftszeiten geschlossen , natürlich .
we set up a website and asked the crowd , &quot; if you see an aed , please submit it , tell us where it is , tell us when it &apos;s open , &quot; since sometimes in office hours sometimes it &apos;s closed , of course .
we &apos;ve built a website , and we &apos;ve asked a human mass , &quot; if you see a aed , please share with us where he &apos;s when he &apos;s on , &quot; sometimes , while he &apos;s in business , of course .
we &apos;ve created an interior and asked a human mass , &quot; if you see an aed , please share with us where he is when he &apos;s got on , &quot; sometimes he &apos;s closed while .

oder sie könnten das gebäude schließen und die ganze architektur wird , wie in diesem fall , wissen sie , dieser tage , wenn sie das dach herunterfahren , bekommen sie bilder von menschen , die da waren und sagen , &quot; sie haben das gebäude zerstört . &quot;
or you could close the building , and the whole architecture will disappear , you know , these days , you always get images during the winter , when they take the roof down , of people who have been there and said , &quot; they demolished the building . &quot;
or you could close the building and the whole architecture , like this case , you know , this day , when you drive the roof , you get pictures of people who were there and say , &quot; you &apos;ve destroyed the building . &quot;
or you could close the building and the whole architecture , as in this case , you know , this days , if you get the roof down , you get pictures of people who were there and say , &quot; you &apos;ve destroyed the building . &quot;

und wenn diese hilfsmittel körperlicher werden und ein bewusstsein für ihre bewegungen entwickeln , sich gegenseitig erkennen und die feinheiten unseres umgangs mit ihnen wahrnehmen , dann können wir mit der erforschung neuer und unterhaltsamer interaktionsarten beginnen .
and as these tools become more physical , more aware of their motion , aware of each other , and aware of the nuance of how we move them , we can start to explore some new and fun interaction styles .
and if these tools become more flexible , and consciousness will evolve to their movements , each other and the enemies of our communities are perceived with them , then we can start with the exploration of new research and entertainment .
and if these tools become more physical , and they develop awareness for their movements , each other and recognize the enemies of our , we can perceive with them , then we can start with the new research and entertainment .

das erste , was ich sah , war diese idee , dass ihre markenpersönlichekti zwei getrennte , aber sich ergänzende seiten hat -- die morgan spurlock-marke ist eine achtsame / verspielte marke .
the first thing we saw was this idea that you had two distinct , but complementary sides to your brand personality -- the morgan spurlock brand is a mindful / play brand .
the first thing that i saw was this idea that their brand personal personality had two separations , but errors got pages of pages -- the morgan spurine marks is an eighth of march .
the first thing that i saw was this idea that their brand personalistic separation has two separate pages , but it &apos;s an elderly pages -- the morgan marick marks is an eight-/ mark .

und wenn ich dann halt noch einen halboval dazusetze , dann sehen wir auf einmal nicht mehr nur noch eine einheit , nämlich kreis , kreis und , doch wir sehen eine einheit , wir sehen nicht mehr drei teile , ein kreis , ein kreis , ein anderes .
and if i then place a half oval next to it , we suddenly no longer just see a unit , which is the circle , the circle and , yes , we see a unit , and no longer three parts , one circle , one circle , another .
and if i take another half-boss , we don &apos;t even see a unit , which is circle , circle circle , and we see a unit , we don &apos;t see three parts , a circle , a circle , a different circle .
and then when i go to a half-bow , we don &apos;t even see one unit , which is a circle , circle , and yet we see a unit , we don &apos;t see three parts , a circle , a different circle .

hier ist ein foto , das ich am nördlichen ende der baffin-inseln aufnahm , als ich mit inuits auf die narwhal-jagd ging . und dieser mann , olaya , erzählte mir eine wunderbare geschichte seines großvaters .
this is a photograph i took at the northern tip of baffin island when i went narwhal hunting with some inuit people , and this man , olayuk , told me a marvelous story of his grandfather .
here &apos;s a photograph that i took on the northern baffin islands when i went out with inurustians on the whale guns . and this man , ava olya told me a wonderful story of his grandfather .
here &apos;s a photograph that i took on the north of the baffel islands when i went to the rubber of the founder al jail , and this man , he told me a wonderful story of his grandfather .

sie haben dann über einen dreimonatigen zeitraum schülern mit einem &quot; ausreichend &quot; die note &quot; sehr gut &quot; gegeben . es wurde ihnen gesagt , sie seien asse , dass sie sehr schlau wären . und nach diesen drei monaten haben sie wirklich einser geschrieben .
well , they took , over a three-month period , d-level students , gave them a &apos;s , told them they were &quot; a &apos;s , &quot; told them they were bright , and at the end of this three-month period , they were performing at a-level .
and then you &apos;ve got over a three-month period of time period with a &quot; richness &quot; which was very good at , &quot; it was told to tell you that they were very smart , and they were very smart . and after these three months , they really wrote .
and then you &apos;ve got about a three-month dream of students with a &quot; rich &quot; which is very good at the same note . it was told you that they were very smart . and after those three months they &apos;ve really written .

aber das ist so mein so mein prototyp , der aber ziemlich abgefahren ausgesehen hat , so auf so einem ast , das ding drauf , elektronik drauf und druck angeschlossen , und das war aber der druck war zu hoch , das ding ist kaputt gegangen .
but that &apos;s my my prototype , which looked pretty wild though , on a branch and that , that thing on it , put the electronics into it and connected pressure to it and that was but the pressure was too high , and the thing broke .
but this is so my prototype , but it &apos;s pretty much seen , so on this thing , the thing that &apos;s going on , electronics and pressure , and this was the pressure , but the pressure was too high .
but that &apos;s so my prototype , but it &apos;s kind of looked like this , so on a smaid , on the thing , on electronics , electronics , and that was the pressure was too high , but that was the thing that &apos;s broken .

und es stellt sich heraus , dass unter einem einkommen von 60.000 dollar im jahr , für amerikaner , und das ist eine sehr große stichprobe von amerikanern , ungefähr 600.000 , aber es ist eine große repräsentative stichprobe , unter einem einkommen von 600.000 dollar im jahr
and it turns out that , below an income of 60,000 dollars a year , for americans -- and that &apos;s a very large sample of americans , like 600,000 , so it &apos;s a large representative sample -- below an income of 600,000 dollars a year ...
and it turns out that under a income of 60,000 dollars a year , americans , for americans , and this is a very large sample sample sample of american samples , about 600,000 , but it &apos;s a great representative sample of representative sample , under a 600,000 dollars a year .
and it turns out that under a income of 60,000 dollars a year , for americans , and that &apos;s a very large sample of american samples , about 600,000 , but it &apos;s a large representative sample , under a 600,000 dollars a year .

wenn sie mir nur einen wunsch für die nächsten 50 jahre gestatten , ich könnte den präsidenten auswählen , einen impfstoff , und das liebe ich , oder ich könnte diesen wunsch wählen , der lautet , halbierter energiepreis ohne co2 wird erfunden. diesen wunsch nähme ich .
if you gave me only one wish for the next 50 years -- i could pick who &apos;s president , i could pick a vaccine , which is something i love , or i could pick that this thing that &apos;s half the cost with no co2 gets invented -- this is the wish i would pick .
if you just gave me a wish for the next 50 years , i could choose the president , a vaccine , and i love this , or i could choose this wish , the desire is , the biomed power of carbon is not going to be able to make this wish .
if you just give me a wish for the next 50 years , i could choose the president , a vaccine , and the love i could choose , or i could choose this wish , the half-a-half-a-year source of carbon .

du machst es um der aufgabe willen , um der herausforderung willen - und der ozean ist die herausforderndste umgebung , die es gibt . du machst es des entdeckerrausches wegen , und wegen der seltsamen verbindung , die entsteht , wenn eine kleine gruppe von leuten ein team bildet .
you &apos;re doing it for the task itself , for the challenge -- and the ocean is the most challenging environment there is -- for the thrill of discovery , and for that strange bond that happens when a small group of people form a tightly knit team .
you do it in the task of the challenge , the challenge of the future and the ocean is the challenging environment , which is the most challenging environment . you do it . you make it the discovery of space , because of the weird connection , and because of the strange connection , when a group of people create a small team .
you &apos;re doing this for the task of the will , the challenge of the will -- and the ocean is the most challenging environment , and you &apos;re doing it . you &apos;re making it out of the discovery , and because of the strange connection , because of the strange connection , when a group of people come from a team .

und sie werden durch die nutzung des tricoders gesünder werden , und sie werden besser ausgebildet durch die khan-akademie , und dadurch , dass sie die möglichkeit haben werden , 3d-drucker und &quot; infinite computing &quot; einzusetzen , und so viel produktiver sein als jemals zuvor .
and they will get healthier by using the tricorder , and they &apos;ll become better educated by using the khan academy , and by literally being able to use 3d printing and infinite computing &#91; become &#93; more productive than ever before .
and you &apos;re going to be educated by the use of the tricoder , and you &apos;re going to be trained better by the khani academy , and so that you have the opportunity to have 3d printer , 3d printer and printer , and so much more productive than ever before .
and they &apos;re going to be used by the use of the tricodes , and they &apos;re going to be educated better by the khandian academy , and by doing that they &apos;re going to have the opportunity to be 3-printer , 3d printer , &quot; and so much more productive than ever before .

aber der prozess und die schwere beklemmung , die ihn umgibt , war aufgehoben als er das genie aus sich heraus nahm , wo er nichts als ärger verursachte und ihn dahin zurückließ wo er sozusagen herkam . er erkannte , dass es kein verinnerlichtes , quälendes ding sein musste .
but the process , and the heavy anxiety around it was released when he took the genie , the genius out of him where it was causing nothing but trouble , and released it kind of back where it came from , and realized that this didn &apos;t have to be this internalized , tormented thing .
but the process and the heavy climbing that he had been surrounded when he took it out of the genius out of where he didn &apos;t take anything from , and then where he came back to where he came back . he realized that it was not going to be an internal thing .
but the process and the heavy thing that has been dumped by , when he took the genius out of the genius , where he didn &apos;t make anything like it , and then left it back , where he came back . he realized that it didn &apos;t have to be an elevated thing .

und s o mit dieser prämisse mit dieser prämisse hat dann zum beispiel brian degger in england versucht , ein minimallabor zusammenzustellen , hat dann so einen dampfdruckkochtopf genommen , eine heizplatte und , ja , so suppenbrühe , und hat sich damit dann bakterien gezüchtet , funktioniert .
and so with this premises with this premises , brian degger in england , for example , tried to set up a mini-laboratory , took a pressure cooker , a hot plate and , yes , soup stock , and bred bacteria with it , working like this .
and with this premise with this premise with this premise , for example , brian degger in england , has tried a minimum disabled together , then it took a printing pressure coopera coopera , a hot cop , and it &apos;s like this , and it &apos;s done with bacteria .
and so , with this premise with this premise with this premise , for example , brian hugger in england , tried to put a minimum abundor , then took a printing steam of prince , and a hot coat , and yes , and so that &apos;s what happens , and then bacteria works .

in den frühen 80iger jahren bekam ich eine wirklich erstaunliche aufgabe , als mich mein professor in harvard fragte , ob ich daran interessiert wäre , nach haiti zu gehen und die geheimen gesellschaften zu infiltrieren , die das fundament der stärke von duvalier und tonton macoutes waren und das gift , das dafür benutzt wurde , um zombies zu machen , sicherzustellen .
in the early &apos; 80s , i had a really astonishing assignment when i was asked by my professor at harvard if i was interested in going down to haiti , infiltrating the secret societies which were the foundation of duvalier &apos;s strength and tonton macoutes , and securing the poison used to make zombies .
in the early 800s , i got a really amazing task when my professor at harvard asked me if i was interested in going to haiti , to go to haiti and film the secret societies , the foundation of the power of duvalidious and alice and mada , and the poison was used to make it safe .
in the early 800s , i got a really amazing task when my professor asked me in harvard , if i was interested in haiti , to go to haiti and filter the secret societies that were the foundation of duvalistic and cousin and cousin and cousin that was used to make it safe .

sie kennen alle die gesunde scham , wenn man ein geheimnis des besten freundes preis gibt , obwohl dieser einen auf verschwiegenheit einschwor und man dann erwischt wird und der beste freund einen damit konfrontiert und mein eine schrecklich diskussion führt , wenn einem am ende jedoch das schlechte gewissen führt und man schwört , dass man einen solchen fehler nie wieder macht .
you know that healthy kind , when you betray a secret that a best friend made you promise never to reveal and then you get busted and then your best friend confronts you and you have terrible discussions , but at the end of it all that sick feeling guides you and you say , i &apos;ll never make that mistake again .
you know , all of you know the healthy dogs , if you give a secret of the best impossible prize , even though this one is swallowed on weighing , and then you get caught up and you get a best friend , and the best friend confronts a discussion , but when you end up with a bad discussion , and you make a sense that you will never make a mistake again .
and you all know the healthier at the moment when you give a secret to the best prize , even though this one is wasted on a disappear , and then you get the best friend and the best friend to confront my discussion , but if you get a terrible debate , and you never get a little bit of error , you never make a mistake again .

frau parks kam immer wieder mal zurück nach montgomery , wo sie zwei ihrer ältesten freunde traf. diese älteren frauen , johnnie carr , die den montgomery-busboykott organisiert hatte – eine unglaubliche afroamerikanerin – und virginia durr , eine weiße , deren ehemann , clifford durr , dr. king vertrat .
and ms. parks used to come back to montgomery every now and then , and she would get together with two of her dearest friends , these older women , johnnie carr who was the organizer of the montgomery bus boycott -- amazing african american woman -- and virginia durr , a white woman , whose husband , clifford durr , represented dr. king .
woman parks always came back to montgomomomomomomics , where she did two of her oldest friends . this elderly women , johnny johnson , the montus , who organized the monomy bush nowagunk -- an amazing virginia -- and virginia , virginia , a white man , whose husband , his wish , dr. durhry , dr. king .
again , wife parks came back to montgomn , where they did two of their oldest friends . these oldest women , johnr carr , who had never organized the monomist monk boomed boomed -- an incredible american virginia -- and an american virginia , a white man , whose white man .

an dieser stelle hat javier zu octavio gesagt , &quot; was passiert , wenn wir eine unbesiedelte fläche unseres landes nehmen- was , wenn wir sie einfach einer botschaft geben- einen teil der amerikanischen botschaft ; einen teil der kanadischen botschaft- und wenn die leute dann arbeiten gehen wollen unter den kanadischen regeln oder denen der vereinigten staaten , können sie dort arbeiten , und können auf der fläche dieser botschaften alles machen , wozu sie normalerweise nach kanada oder amerika gehen müssten ? &quot;
at one point , javier said to octavio , &quot; what if we took some of our empty land -- what if we just gave it to an embassy -- give some to the u.s. embassy ; give some to the canadian embassy -- and then if people want to go work under the rules of canada or under the rules of the united states , they can go get jobs , do everything they do on those embassy grounds that they would otherwise have to go to canada or the u.s. to do ? &quot;
now , what happens when we put an american message at this point in this place has four jazz to javitao , &quot; what happens when we have an undolphin of our land -- what if we just take a message -- one of the american message -- a part of the american canadian empire -- and if people want to work under the united states , or if they can work under the united states , or at the united states , you can go to the united states , and do everything on the united states of this land , or you might be able to go to america ? &quot;
when people want to go to this place at this point , jaoctao said to four tavitao , &quot; what if we get an undevastated land of our land -- what if we just work -- if you want to work a part of the american message , a part of the american message , and then when people want to go to the rules , or the united states , or the united states , or the united states , to work , and to work in the canada , to work ? &quot;

