své teorie berou příliš vážně .
they take their theories too seriously .
my theory is too serious .
my theory is too serious .

evropa irský guláš nerada
getting over the irish stew
europe is not the irish guy of the council .
europe &apos;s irish government is not the council of ireland .

teprve poté budu moci vyjádřit určitý názor .
only then will i be able to express an opinion .
only then will i be able to express a certain opinion .
only then will i be able to express a certain opinion .

propána , ne !
heavens , no !
no , no !
no , no !

co lze tedy dělat ?
so what can be done ?
so what can we do ?
so what can be done ?

vždyť porozumění mezí francií a německem není samo sebou .
indeed , france and germany do not get along naturally .
after all , the understanding of france and germany is not alone .
after all , understanding of the gap between france and germany is not in itself .

blair se staví za evropu , ale ne za tuto evropu .
blair is in favour of europe ; but not this europe .
blair is behind europe , but not for this europe .
the blair will stand for europe , but not for this europe .

budování a zpevňování těchto institucí však zabere čas .
building and solidifying these institutions , however , takes time .
however , building and forging these institutions will take time .
however , the establishment and establishment of these institutions takes time .

problémy spojené s přežitím jsou tedy enormní .
so the challenges of survival are enormous .
the problems associated with translation are therefore enormous .
the problems associated with translation are therefore enormous .

v tomto případě byla příčinou evropa stejně jako amerika .
in that case , europe was as much the culprit as america .
europe , as well as america , was the cause of this case .
in this case , europe was the cause of europe as well as america .

na domácí scéně se asadův režim také ocitá v potížích .
at home , assad &apos;s regime also finds itself in a bind .
in the home country , the assassination is also in difficulties .
on the domestic stage , the assassination regime is also in difficulties .

této pružnosti je zapotřebí kvůli podstatě rizik , která číhají na obzoru .
this flexibility is needed because of the nature of the challenges that loom on the horizon .
this flexibility is needed because of the essentially risks that depend on the municipality .
this flexibility is needed due to the essence of the risks that are on the obesity .

technika elé belé vzkvétá i ve světě dospělých .
the technique of elé belé also thrives in the adult world .
the lung techniques are also flourishing in the world of adults .
the technique technique techniques are also in the world of adults .

bylo pravidlem , že se tyto operace prováděly pod mandátem rady bezpečnosti .
as a rule , such operations were conducted under the security council &apos;s mandate .
it was the rule that these operations were carried out under the mandate of the security council .
it was the rule that these operations were carried out under the security council mandate .

jejich mladí lidé jsou tudíž vzdělanější a zdravější než předchozí generace .
their young people are therefore better-educated and healthier than previous generations .
therefore , young people are more educated and healthier than previous generations .
therefore , their young people are more educated and healthy than previous generations .

celkově jsou však nerovnosti veliké a v mnoha případech dále narůstají .
overall , however , the inequality gaps are large and , in many cases , growing .
however , overall , inequalities are huge and , in many cases , they are growing further .
however , overall , the inequalities are huge and , in many cases , are increasing further .

pokud se jejich argumenty nepotvrdí nebo budou vyvráceny , válka zažehne nestabilitu .
if their arguments remain unproved or are disproved , then the war will incite instability .
if their arguments are not claimed or reversed , the war will not bring about instability .
if their arguments are not claimed , or will be returned , the war will threaten instability .

kvůli úbytku a stárnutí obyvatelstva ve většině evropy se přistěhovalectví mezitím stejně stane nezbytností .
meanwhile , diminishing and aging populations in most of europe will have made immigration a necessity .
in the meantime , due to the decline and ageing of the population in most of europe , immigration will become equally necessary .
in the meantime , due to the decline and ageing of the population in most of europe , immigration will become equally necessary .

politici přirozeně raději zatajují , jakým způsobem se bohatství přesouvá mezi jednotlivými generacemi .
politicians naturally prefer to hide how wealth is shifted between generations .
naturally , politicians prefer to conceal the way in which wealth is translated between the various generations .
naturally , politicians prefer to impose the way in which the wealth is translated between the generations .

úplná směnitelnost na běžném účtu následovala v srpnu 1994 .
full convertibility on the current account followed in august 1994 .
in august 1994 , complete rigour was followed by the normal accounts .
total rigour on the ordinary accounts followed in august 1994 .

o jedno však přece požádaly : o snížení celních překážek a lepší přístup na zahraniční trhy .
they did ask one thing : a reduction of tariff barriers and greater access to markets abroad .
after all , however , they have requested one thing : a reduction in customs barriers and a better approach to foreign markets .
however , one has been asked for : a reduction in customs barriers and a better approach to foreign markets .

tyto země si vzaly ponaučení z příkladu latinské ameriky a asie v devadesátých letech .
they have learned the lesson from latin america and asia in the 1990 &apos;s .
these countries have learnt lessons from the example of latin america and asia in the 1990s .
these countries have learned lessons from the example of latin america and asia in the 1990s .

symfonický život v americe je eurocentrický téměř ve všech ohledech s výjimkou financování .
american symphonic life is euro-centric in almost every respect except for its funding .
the sympathy for life in america is eurocentric in almost all respects , except for funding .
the sympathy of the fund in america is eurocentric almost in all respects , except for funding .

před více než čtyřiceti lety požádalo turecko o přidružené členství v evropském hospodářském společenství .
more than forty years ago , turkey applied for associate membership of the european economic community .
more than forty years ago , turkey asked for the associated membership of the european economic community .
more than forty years ago , turkey asked turkey to join the european economic community .

čím méně toho očekáváme od <unk> normálního <unk> politika , tím usilovněji hledáme hrdinu .
the less we expect from a &quot; normal &quot; politician , the more we look for a hero .
the less we expect from a common normal policy , the more intense we are looking for .
the less we expect from a normal fabric policy , the more difficult we are looking for .

moskva i washington přitom naznačují možnost snížení stavu svých útočných jaderných výzbrojí .
both moscow and washington hint at possible deep cuts in their offensive nuclear arsenals .
at the same time , washington and washington indicate the possibility of reducing the state of their attacks by nuclear challenges .
in the meantime , washington also indicates the possibility of reducing the state of its attack nuclear challenge .

pro německé zaměstnance , kteří by s tímto kapitálem také rádi spolupracovali , je však přínos tohoto procesu pochybný .
but it is of doubtful benefit to german workers who also would have liked to cooperate with that capital .
however , for german employees who would also like to cooperate with this capitalist , it is dubious to contribute to this process .
however , for german employees who would also like to work together with this capitalism , the benefit of this process is questionable .

poskytovatelé půjček věděli nebo měli vědět , že ne všechny peníze byly určeny na pomoc indonéskému rozvoji .
lenders knew , or should have known , that not all of the money was going to help indonesian development .
borrowing providers knew or had to know that not all the money was intended to help indonesia .
borrowing providers have known or had to know that not all the money has been intended to help indonezia .

v některých otázkách , jakou je třeba irácká válka , evropané však nehodlají ameriku slepě následovat .
but on some issues , such as the iraq war , europeans are not all ready to follow america blindly .
however , in some of the issues that the iraqi war needs , europeans do not intend to follow the american dream .
however , in some issues such as the iraqi war , europeans are not going to follow the americans .

většina rusů opravdu zůstává netečná ke snaze vlády o okleštění svobody tisku a omezení práva na protest .
in fact , most russians are indifferent to the government &apos;s efforts to curtail press freedom and limit the right to protest .
indeed , the majority of the russians remain unbearable to seek a government to abolish the freedom of the press and limit the right to protest .
the majority of the russians really remain indifferent to the government &apos;s efforts to curb the freedom of the press and the restriction of the right to protest .

evropská unie se po celou dobu své existence snaží překonat neblahou minulost a spoluprací budovat lepší budoucnost .
since its inception , the eu has sought to reach beyond past grief and , through cooperation , to build a better future .
for the whole period , the european union has been trying to overcome the past and to build a better future after its existence .
the european union has been trying to overcome the unprecedented past and to build a better future for the whole time of its existence .

již pro ni byla nabídnuta všechna myslitelná vysvětlení , která se obvykle zaměřují na to , co dělají afričané špatně .
every conceivable explanation has been given , usually focusing on what africans do wrong .
it has already been offered all the conceivable explanations that usually focus on what the african people are doing badly .
it has already been offered all the conceivable explanations that usually focus on what the african people are doing badly .

byla konzervativní v absolutní věrnosti hodnotám evangelia , pravdivosti víry a své historické identitě .
it was conservative in its absolute fidelity to evangelical values , to the truth of faith , to its historical identity .
it was conservative in the absolute knowledge of the values of angela , the truth of faith and its historical identity .
it was conservative in absolute respect for the values of evans , the truth of faith and their historical identity .

latinská amerika se ve větší míře než většina ostatních míst na světě zrodila z násilných dobyvačných výbojů .
more than most places , latin america was born in violent conquest .
latin america has become more than the majority of other places in the world , born of violent livestock farmers .
latin america has grown more than the majority of other places in the world from violent cattle .

asad si například stále neuvědomuje , jak silně si bushova administrativa jeho režim spojuje s terorismem .
for example , assad apparently still does not realize how much the bush administration associates his regime with terrorism .
assad , for example , is still not aware of how strongly the bush administration and its regime combines terrorism .
for example , the amazing is still not aware of how strongly the bush administration and its regime combines terrorism .

tento soulad zájmů a shoda na pravidlech mezinárodního pořádku nabízí nadějný základ pro zvládání společných rizik , jimž čelíme všichni .
this congruence of interest and agreement on the rules of international order offers a promising foundation for managing the common challenges that confront us all .
this consistency of interests and consensus on the rules of international order offers a hopeful basis for managing common risks that we all face .
this consistency of interests and consensus on the rules of international order offers a hopeful basis for managing the common risks that we all face .

podepsáním smlouvy o přistoupení v roce 1963 byl ustaven zvláštní vztah , který vyvrcholil vytvořením celní unie v roce 1996 .
with the association agreement of 1963 , a special relationship was established , culminating in the customs union of 1996 .
the signing of the accession treaty in 1963 was established a special relationship that culminated the creation of the customs union in 1996 .
the signing of the accession treaty in 1963 was set up a special relationship that was culminated by the creation of the customs union in 1996 .

na západě je nejznámější kniha management surovosti , avšak pouze proto , že byla přeložena a zpřístupněna veřejnosti .
the best known in the west is the management of savagery , but only because it was translated and made public .
in the west , the most well-known bookings of drought are , but only because it has been translated and made available to the public .
in the west , it is the most known paper of suspicion , but only because it was translated and made available to the public .

kosovští albánci deklarovali , že neakceptují žádnou vazbu na srbsko , byť by byla sebevolnější .
kosovo &apos;s ethnic albanians have proclaimed that they will not accept any tie to serbia , no matter how tenuous .
the kosovo albanian albanians have stated that they do not accept any link to serbia , even though it would be more self-free .
kosovo &apos;s albanians deceived that they do not accept any link to serbia , even if they were more self-choice .

obviňovat lékaře za vážné nežádoucí účinky léčiv je nespravedlivé , zejména chybí-li vyčerpávající informace o bezpečnosti léku .
it is unfair to blame clinicians for serious adr &apos;s , particularly in the absence of complete safety information .
doctors blamed for the serious undesirable effects of medicines are unfair , especially if the exhaustive information on the safety of medicines is exhausted .
accumulating doctors for the serious undesirable effects of medicines is unfair , especially if they are exhaustive information on the safety of the summer .

podle nich se evropě nedaří špatně kvůli jejich neschopnosti řídit proces strukturálních reforem , nýbrž kvůli příliš vysokým úrokovým sazbám .
europe is doing badly , they argue , not because of their own failure to lead the structural reform process , but because interest rates are too high .
according to them , europe does not manage badly because of their inability to manage the structural reforms process , but because of too high interest rates .
according to them , europe does not go wrong because of their inability to manage the structural reforms process , but because of too high interest rates .

nato východoasijská měnová krize pozdržela další vývoj a dala vzniknout závažným otázkám ohledně toho , kdy - a zda vůbec - pokračovat .
then the east asian currency crisis put further action on hold and raised serious questions about when--and whether--to proceed .
nato &apos;s eastern asian monetary crisis has delayed further developments and has given rise to serious issues as to when - and whether - to continue at all .
nato &apos;s eastern asian monetary crisis has delayed further developments and brought serious issues about when - and whether - to continue .

potřebují mít příležitost dopustit se chyb a pak se z nich poučit a odčinit je - za předpokladu , že jejich rozhodnutí nepostihují samotné základy demokratického uspořádání .
indeed , they need a chance to make mistakes and to learn and recover from their errors , as long as their decisions do not affect the foundations of the democratic order itself .
they need to have the opportunity to make mistakes and then learn from them and do so - provided that their decisions do not help the foundations of democratic organisation itself .
they need to have the opportunity to make mistakes and then learn from them and make them - provided that their decisions are not the foundations of a democratic organisation themselves .

pravděpodobně jediným racionálním způsobem , jak pokračovat , by bylo uznat , že jednostranné kroky na obou stranách mohou dále podpořit uvolnění napětí a konečné usmíření .
probably the only rational way to proceed would be to acknowledge that unilateral steps on both sides can still further the cause of de-escalation and ultimate reconciliation .
probably the only rational way to proceed would be to recognise that unilateral action on both sides can further promote the mobilisation of tensions and final reconciliation .
probably the only rational way to continue , it would be possible to recognise that unilateral action on both sides can further support the mobilisation of tension and final reconciliation .

ekonomové by se raději bavili o úrokových sazbách nebo statistikách nezaměstnanosti - tedy o faktorech , které jsou konkrétní a poznatelné .
economists would rather talk about interest rates or unemployment statistics - factors that are concrete and knowable .
economists would prefer to talk about interest rates or unemployment statistics - that is , about factors that are specific and knowledge .
the economists would prefer to talk about interest rates or unemployment statistics - that is , about factors that are specific and knowledge .

v dnešním světě chybí nesmiřitelný zápas mezi hlavními koncentracemi moci : evropou , ruskem , čínou , japonskem a usa .
today &apos;s world lacks irreconcilable conflict among the main concentrations of world power : europe , russia , china , japan , and the us .
in today &apos;s world , there is a lack of incomprehensible hesitation between the major concentration of power : europe , russia , china , japan and the us .
in today &apos;s world , there is no misgivings between the main concentration of power : europe , russia , china , japan and the us .

kromě toho by se měly latinskoamerické země více soustředit na vědecký a technologický výcvik a pobízet vyšší procento studentů k univerzitnímu vzdělání .
they should also increase their focus on scientific and technological training and encourage a higher proportion of students to go on to university education .
in addition , latin american countries should focus more on scientific and technological training and encourage higher students to university education .
furthermore , latin american countries should focus more on scientific and technological training and encourage higher percentage of students to university education .

riziko větší nestability rupie ještě dále zhoršují některé vážné problémy , včetně deficitu dosahujícího 6 % hdp a strategického ustrnutí vztahu s pákistánem .
the downside risk of higher volatility for the rupee is aggravated by some serious problems , including a deficit running at 6 % of gdp and the strategic stand-off with pakistan .
the risk of greater instability in russia is further exacerbated by some serious problems , including the deficit of 6 % of gdp and the strategic location of relations with pakistan .
the risk of greater instability by rupie is further exacerbated by some serious problems , including the deficit reached by 6 % of gdp and the strategic harassment of relations with pakistan .

jaké sympatie si asi zaslouží agenda spojených států , když prezident bush nadělil nejbohatším lidem na světě daňové škrty v hodnotě stamiliard dolarů ?
what sympathy does the us agenda deserve , when president bush has ladled out tax cuts of hundreds of billions of dollars to the richest people in the world .
what sympathy does the united states &apos; agenda perhaps deserve , when president bush has inherited the richest people in the world with tax cuts worth billions of dollars ?
what sympathy does the us agenda perhaps deserve when president bush named the richest people in the world have reduced the cost of the hundreds of billions of dollars ?

levná konkurence vedla ke značnému outsourcingu a off-shoringu , které udržely německé firmy konkurenceschopné pouze snížením poptávky po domácí pracovní síle .
low-wage competition has led to substantial outsourcing and off-shoring activities that have kept german firms competitive by reducing their demand for domestic labor .
cheap competition has led to significant outsourcing and off-above , which has kept german companies competitive only by reducing demand for domestic labour .
cheap competition has led to a considerable outlook of crèches and off-offenders , which have maintained german companies competitive only by reducing demand for domestic workforce .

je pouze nepřemýšlejícím nacionalistou , který žije v hrůze ze žlutých nacionalistických bulvárních tiskovin .
he is merely an unthinking nationalist , living in terror of the nationalist yellow tabloid press .
it is only unthinkable nationalists who live in the horror of the lucrative nationalist bulbs of printing newspapers .
it is only unthinking of the nationalistic nationalists who live in the root of the nationalistic press newspapers .

mesianistický idealismus , jenž osvobodil evropu od nacismu a západní evropu ochraňoval před komunismem , se nyní zaměřil na další nepřátele .
the messianic idealism that liberated europe from nazism and protected western europe from communism is now directed at other enemies .
mesianist idealism , which free europe from nazism and western europe from communism , has now focused on other enemies .
the messimism idealism , which has free europe from nazism and western europe , has protected from communism , has now focused on other enemies .

tyto rozpočtové náklady ( bez úroků ) činí podle našeho konzervativního odhadu 652 miliard dolarů a podle našeho umírněného odhadu 799 miliard dolarů .
these budgetary costs ( exclusive of interest ) amount to $ 652 billion in our conservative estimate and $ 799 billion in our moderate estimate .
these budgetary costs ( without interest ) make , according to our conservative estimates , 652 billion dollars and , according to our moderate estimates , 799 billion dollars .
these budgetary costs ( without interest ) are based on our conservative estimate of 652 billion dollars and , according to our moderate estimates , 799 billion dollars .

na slovensku , kde se nacionalistické pocity staly po roce 1989 významným politickým faktorem , se politické spektrum dosud neseskupilo na tradiční pravolevé politické ose .
in slovakia , where nationalist sentiments were an important political factor after 1989 , the political spectrum has not yet coalesced along standard right-left political axis .
in slovakia , where nationalistic sentiments became an important political factor after 1989 , the political spectrum has not yet been blocked by a traditional political elected democrat .
in slovakia , where nationalistic feelings have become an important political factor after 1989 , the political spectrum has not yet been based on the traditional common political elected political spectrum .

špatně spravovaná infrastruktura přispěje jen malou měrou ke zlepšení zdraví obyvatel či k podpoře hospodářského růstu , takže rozvoj vodních zdrojů musí jít ruku v ruce s vodohospodářstvím .
badly managed infrastructure will do little to improve peoples &apos; health or support economic growth , so water development and water management must go hand in hand .
the poorly managed infrastructure will contribute little to improving the health of the population or promoting economic growth , so the development of water resources must go hand in hand with water management .
the poorly managed infrastructure will only contribute to improving the health of the population or to promoting economic growth , so the development of water resources must go hand in hand with the water economy .

· sankce pro farmaceutické firmy za nevykázání a nezveřejnění informací o bezpečnosti léků se musí dramaticky zvýšit , mají-li sloužit jako účinný odstrašující prostředek ;
· penalties for drug companies &apos; failure to report and communicate safety information must be increased dramatically if they are to serve as effective deterrents ;
the fines of sanctions for pharmaceutical companies for unlawful disorders and the publication of information on the safety of medicines must be dramatically increased if they are to serve as an effective deterrent ;
if they are to serve as an effective deterrent , sanctions for pharmaceutical companies for non-destruction and non-publication of information on the safety of medicines must be dramatically increased if they serve as an effective deterrent ;

jestliže si i v příštích 20 letech udrží svůj prudký růst , začnou jednou američané jejich rozrůstání považovat za velkolepou ukázku nezdaru zavést regionální plány vyváženého růstu ?
if they continue their explosive growth over the next 20 years , will americans someday come to regard their proliferation as a spectacular example of the failure to adopt region-wide blueprints for balanced growth ?
if , in the next 20 years , they are going to keep their sharp growth , once the americans have seen their growth as a superficial demonstration of the failure to introduce regional plans for balanced growth ?
if , even in the next 20 years , they will keep their sharp growth , they will start to see their growth rooted as a scratch of the failure to introduce regional plans for balanced growth ?

přirozený běh dějin v nejoptimističtějším smyslu je pokrokem <unk> na okraji <unk> , avšak rychlé tempo technologických změn nás vede k očekávání neméně rychlého pokroku v lidských záležitostech .
the natural course of history in the most optimistic sense is progress &quot; at the margin , &quot; but the rapid pace of technological change is pushing us to expect equally rapid progress in human affairs .
the natural story of history in the most optimistic sense is a step forward in the peripheral , but the rapid pace of technological changes leads us to expectations of less rapid progress in human matters .
the natural story of history in the most optimistic sense is a move to the peripheral , but the rapid pace of technological changes leads us to expectations of less rapid progress in human matters .

americká vláda se naposledy snažila zajistit vyrovnaný rozpočet tváří v tvář recesi před sedmdesáti lety , během prezidentského období herberta hoovera na počátku hospodářské krize .
the last time an american government tried to ensure a balanced budget in the face of a recession was over seventy years ago , during the presidency of herbert hoover at the outset of the great depression .
last time , the american government has tried to secure a balanced budget in the face of the recession of seventy years ago , during the presidential period , herbert hot and at the beginning of the economic crisis .
the us government has recently tried to ensure a balanced budget in the face of the recession of the 1970s , during the presidential period of herbert hot and at the beginning of the economic crisis .

tempo růstu cen v londýně a v new yorku se za poslední rok ostře zpomalilo a ve druhém čtvrtletí roku 2004 činil reálný nárůst cen pouze asi 1 % .
the rate of price growth in london and new york slowed sharply over the past year , to only about a 1 % real increase in the second quarter of 2004 .
the pace of price rises in london and in new york has slowed down in the last year , and in the second quarter of 2004 , only 1 % of the price rises have risen in real terms .
the rate of price growth in london and new york has slowly slowed down over the last year and , in the second quarter of 2004 , the real increase in prices was only about 1 % .

francouzský odpor vůči syrské přítomnosti v libanonu byl přinejmenším zčásti odrazem vystřízlivění z asadových reformních ambicí , přičemž evropská unie vyjádřila podobné výhrady .
france &apos;s opposition to syria &apos;s presence in lebanon was at least partly a reflection of disenchantment with assad &apos;s reformist ambitions , and the european union has expressed similar reservations .
the french opposition to the syrian presence in lebanon was , at least in part , a disgrace of the atrocious reform ambitions , and the european union has expressed similar reservations .
the french opposition to the syrian presence in lebanon was at least part of the disorder of the wonderful reform ambitions , while the european union has expressed similar reservations .

dvě ze tří těchto psychologických příčin naznačují pokračující vzestup cen bydlení , zatímco třetí naznačuje , že současný trend dospěje jednoho dne ke konci , ale neuvádí žádné konkrétní datum .
two of the three psychological causes suggest continued upward momentum in housing prices , while the third suggests that the momentum will come to an end some day , but does not pinpoint when .
two of these three psychological causes indicate the continuing rise in housing prices , while the third indicates that the current trend is one day to the end , but it does not make any concrete date .
two of these three psychological causes indicate the continuing rise in housing prices , while the third indicates that the current trend is reached one day , but it does not make any specific date .

v ostrých rysech tento proces uvidíme , když budeme spolu s filozofem sirem isaiahem berlinem klasifikovat experty jako <unk> ježky <unk> , nebo <unk> lišky <unk> .
we can see this process in sharp relief when , following the philosopher sir isaiah berlin , we classify experts as &quot; hedgehogs &quot; or &quot; foxes . &quot;
we will see this process in the ossetia when , together with the philosophy of isau berlini , we will classify the experts as jews , or a common actor .
we will see this process in the straightforward lines when , together with the philosopher philosophy of the suaz berlini , we will classify experts such as jews of the crackdown , or a section of the declaration .

ve všech těchto otázkách se propast mezi izraelskými a palestinskými postoji od neúspěšných jednání v camp davidu v roce 2000 nikterak nezmenšila a strach a nedůvěra naopak vzrostly .
on all of these issues , the gulf between the israeli and palestinian positions has not narrowed since the failed negotiations at camp david in 2000 , while fear and distrust have increased .
in all these issues , the gap between the israeli and palestinian position has emerged from the unsuccessful negotiations in camp david in 2000 , nightmare has not diminished and fear and , on the contrary , mistrust has risen .
in all these issues , the gap between israeli and palestinian positions has not been limited in camp david in 2000 and diet , and the intrust have risen on the contrary .

astbury předpokládal existenci polypeptidických řetězců a pokračoval v uskutečňování svých průkopnických studií v oblasti jejich uspořádání ve fibrilárních bílkovinách .
having deduced the presence of polypeptide chains , astbury continued to pursue his pioneering studies of their configurations in fibrous proteins .
asthma buzek predicted the existence of the polish polyptitis and continued the implementation of its pioneering studies in the area of their fibre protests .
it was forecast for the existence of polypeptis chaos and continued to carry out their pioneering studies in their management in fibre white protein .

jen v roce 2003 řady sociã ¡ lnã <unk> ch demokratů opustilo tã <unk> měř 40 tisã <unk> c členů , co<unk> <unk> je naprosto neslã <unk> chanã <unk> odliv .
in 2003 alone , almost 40,000 social democrats left their party , a hemorrhaging previously unheard of .
in 2003 , only in a number of conceivable societal conferences of democrats abandoned the tone of the notwithstanding of the no-40 members of the line , coli colours , is a totally unhidden pentity of the overwhelming majority .
only in 2003 , a series of societal blla &apos;s association of democrats has abandoned the twellbeing of 40 members of the eu , cod &apos;ivoire , was totally not included in the validity of the square fabric .

na základě extrapolace cenových trendů se jeví jako bezpečné předpokládat , že ceny ve většině těchto míst budou silně růst ještě další rok nebo i déle , přestože tempo růstu zde bude i nadále klesat .
based on extrapolation of growth trends , it looks safe to predict that prices will go up substantially in most of these places for another year or more , even as the rate of increase continues to decline .
on the basis of extraction of price trends , it seems to be safe to assume that prices in most of these places will increase significantly further year or longer , even though the growth rate will continue to fall .
on the basis of the extraction of price trends , it seems safe to assume that prices in most of these places will be very much more growth or longer , even though the growth rate will continue to fall .

navíc je pravda , že němce zlobí neodbytnost bruselu , který chce německu omezit dotace některým kvazi-státním podnikům jako jsou například zemské banky a také to , že pokutoval volkswagen za jeho anti-konkurenční praktiky .
indeed , germans resent intrusiveness from brussels , which wants germany to cut subsidies to quasi-state enterprises such as the länder banks and has fined volkswagen for anti-competitive practices .
moreover , it is true that the germans will not lobby brussels , which wants to restrict germany &apos;s subsidies to certain hair-state companies , such as the natural banks , and also that he has tried to call kswaggue for his competitive practices .
in addition , it is true that the germans will not hesitate to brussels , which wants to limit germany &apos;s subsidies to some came-state enterprises , such as the land bank , and also that he has tried to elect kagen for his competitive practices .

nedávný průzkum společnosti harris v usa dospěl k závěru , že 60 % dospělých buď není vůbec přesvědčeno , nebo není příliš přesvědčeno , že výrobci léčiv veřejně a včasným způsobem publikují údaje o negativních dopadech jejich produktů .
a recent harris survey in the us concluded that 60 % of adults are either not confident at all or not very confident that drug makers will publicly and in a timely manner disclose data on their products &apos; adverse effects .
the recent survey of harris in the us has reached the conclusion that 60 % of adults are either not persuaded at all , or it is not too convinced that medicinal products in a public and timely manner publish data on the negative effects of their products .
the recent survey of the harris society in the usa concluded that 60 % of adults are not either convinced at all , or it is not too convinced that producers in public and timely manner publish data on the negative effects of their products .

stejně jako tehdy i dnes mnoho lidí formálně akceptuje ideologické nálepky , ale ztotožňuje se s nimi jen potud , pokud má pro ně věrnost určitému politickému proudu nějaké hmatatelné krátkodobé výhody .
as during those years , many people now formally accept ideological labels but identify with them only as long as such an allegiance to a specific political current has tangible short-term benefits for them .
today , as well as at the time , many people are formally accepting ideological improvements , but they are identical to the tunnel if there is some tangible short-term benefits for atrocities .
at the same time as many people are formally accepted by ideological ideas today , but it identifies with them only if it has some tangible short-term benefits for them .

zopakovali rentgenový pokus , tentokrát ovšem s krystalem v matečném roztoku utěsněném ve skleněné kapiláře , a získali obrazy s velkým množstvím krystalických odrazů .
they repeated the x-ray experiment , but with the crystal surrounded by its mother-liquor and sealed in a glass capillary , obtaining patterns with large numbers of crystalline reflections .
however , once again , the rgenic attempt has been repeated , this time with the hidden outbreak of the pockets in the glass of the pillars , and they have received images with large quantities of hilipppines .
this time , they have repeated the rgenic attempt , but this time , with the replacement of the magnitude in glass camps , and have received a great deal of hidden disadvantages .

okamžité rozmístění dostatečných civilních a bezpečnostních složek během prvních měsíců po ukončení náletů nato v roce 1999 mohlo poskytnout vhodné ochranné mechanismy proti zpětné reakci , v jejímž rámci se z původních obětí stali pronásledovatelé .
an immediate deployment of an adequate civilian and security presence during the months immediately after the end of the 1999 nato bombing campaign might well have provided suitable protective mechanisms against the backlash that allowed victims to become victimizers .
the immediate deployment of sufficient civilian and security forces during the first months after the end of nato flights in 1999 could provide suitable protective mechanisms against the retrospective response , within which the original victims were persecuted .
in 1999 , the immediate deployment of sufficient civilian and security components during the first few months after the closure of nato flights in 1999 could provide appropriate safeguard mechanisms against a retroactive response , in which the victims of the original victims have become persecuted .

dosavadní zkušenosti svědčí o tom , že adekvátní růstový program musí vycházet ze dvou strategií : z investiční strategie , která nastartuje růst z krátkodobého pohledu , a strategie budování institucí , která vybaví ekonomiku odolností , díky níž si poradí s případnými vedlejšími otřesy .
the record suggests that an adequate growth program needs to be anchored in two strategies : an investment strategy designed to kick-start growth in the short term , and an institution-building strategy designed to provide an economy with resilience in the face of adverse shocks .
the experience of the current experience shows that the corresponding growth programme must be based on two strategies : the investment strategy , which will kick-start growth from a short-term perspective , and the building strategy , which will equip the economy with resilience , thanks to which it will deal with potential by-shocks .
the experience that has been made so far shows that the adequate growth programme must be based on two strategies : the investment strategy , which outlines growth from the short-term point of view , and the strategy for building an institution that is equipped with the economy , thanks to which they are consulting with possible by-silence .

zastánci měkčího přístupu tvrdí , že pokud osn zůstane v pozadí , stane se bezvýznamnou organizací , zatímco pokud se naopak začne v iráku angažovat , vybuduje si důvěru u spojených států , takže až příště propukne podobný spor , obrátí se amerika na osn dříve .
advocates of a softer approach say that if the un stays on the sidelines , it will become irrelevant ; by participating in iraq , it will build trust with america , so that the next time a dispute such as this arises , america will turn earlier to the un .
the supporters of the soft approach claim that , if the un remains in the background , it will become an important organisation , while , on the contrary , it will become involved in iraq , it will build the trust of the united states , so when a similar dispute is broken , it will turn into the united nations before .
while , on the contrary , the supporters of the supporter of a soft approach claim that , if the un remains in the background , it will become an unprecedented organisation , while , on the contrary , it will become a confidence in the united states , so that , when a similar dispute is released , the americans will turn to the united nations earlier .

jisté je , že vakuum vzniklé po šaronově odchodu z politiky je ještě křiklavější při pohledu na záběry chaosu panujícího v gaze po stažení izraele nebo na to , jak se nám přímo před očima hroutí palestinská samospráva .
what is certain is that the vacuum left by sharon &apos;s departure from politics is all the more striking in view of the images of chaos emerging from the gaza that israel has vacated , and the collapse of the palestinian authority before our eyes .
it is certain that the vacuum created after the arrogance of politics is even more proclaimed in the light of the chaos in gaza following israel &apos;s withdrawal or how we are directly at the eyes of the palestinian authority before our eyes .
it is certain that the vacuum created following the arrogance of the policy is even more profoundly in view of the auspices of the chaos in gaza after the withdrawal of israel or , as we are directly facing the gaps of the palestinian authority .

veřejná debata o sekularismu a legislativě , která probíhá ve francii , je důležitým úsilím v tomto směru , přestože by mohla být lépe organizována , aby ukázala spojitost mezi principy , sociálními a antropologickými fakty a veřejnou politikou .
france &apos;s ongoing public debate about secularism and legislation is an important effort in this direction , even if the debate could be better organized to demonstrate the link between principles , social and anthropological facts , and public policy .
the public debate on secularism and the legislation that is taking place in france is an important effort in this direction , although it could be better organised , in order to show the link between principles , social and anthropological facts and public policy .
the public debate on secularism and legislation taking place in france is an important effort in this direction , even though it could be better organised in order to show the link between the principles , the social and the mislogic of the facts of fauna and public policy .

s pokračujícím procesem rozšiřování evropské unie nesmí být poslání evropy poskvrněno názory , že v té staré a &quot; jiné &quot; východní evropě si politici raději hoví v minulosti , než aby se odpovědným způsobem zamýšleli nad budováním mírové a prosperující evropy .
as eu expansion looms , europe &apos;s mission must not become undermined by the advocates of that old and &quot; other &quot; central europe , politicians who prefer to wallow in the past rather than think in responsible ways about building a peaceful and prosperous europe .
the continuing process of enlargement of the european union must not be confined to europe &apos;s mission , that , in the old and &apos; other &apos; eastern europe , politicians prefer to behave in the past rather than to take a responsible look at the building of a peaceful and prosperous europe .
the european union &apos;s continued enlargement process must not be confined to europe &apos;s mission that , in the old and other &apos; eastern europe &apos; , the politicians prefer in the past rather than being responsible for building the building of a peaceful and prosperous europe .

selfmademanu ro mu-hjonovi , který složil zkoušku z advokacie , aniž by kdy chodil na právnickou fakultu , se podařilo přesvědčil voliče , že v zemi zavede novou politiku , jež bude odrážet pocity stále početnější a bohatší střední třídy , a tudíž smete politiku řízenou kádry zevnitř , regionální půtky a bojůvky politických frakcí .
roh , a self-made man who passed a bar examination without going to college and law school , succeeded in convincing voters that he would usher in a new brand of politics reflecting south korea &apos;s growing wealth and middle class sentiments , thereby sweeping away insider-dominated politics , regional bickering , and factional struggles .
mr muhjon , who has tested the bar from the leakage , without having triggered a legal tuberculosis , has managed to convince the electorate that in the country a new policy will reflect the ever more ridiculous and rich of the middle class , and therefore a policy of rubbbbbbbbbish , and a policy of wounded by the land , the regional fraudulent and political factories .
therefore , the teams of moh-honjonja , who compiled a test of kashmir , without forcing a lawyer on a legal tuberculosis , has succeeded in persuading the electorate that there is a new policy in a country that reflects the feelings of an increasingly ridiculous and numerous middle class policy , thereby establishing a policy of political fighting and regional counterparts .

tato tradice utvářela intelektuální prostředí , v němž se vzdělával tým otce a syna williama a lawrence braggových a kde lawrence bragg - nejprve jako posluchač a později jako doktorand - rozvinul roku 1912 myšlenky , které vyústily v rentgenovou strukturní analýzu .
this legacy shaped the intellectual environment in which the father-and-son team of william and lawrence bragg were trained , and where lawrence bragg--first as an undergraduate and then as a research student--developed in 1912 the ideas that led to x-ray structural analysis .
in writing . - ( pt ) this tradition has been an integral environment in which the education team and mr william bragei brothers and , where , first of all - as an obsession of luchaired and later , by this tradition , has created an intellectual environment , in which the education team and father , father william william , mr brahim , and mr brahim - has issued , as a phobg of lung and later as a year , and later as a wake-up of the 1912 years , which has issued a structure in the wake .
this tradition of intellectual environment , in which the education team and the deputy deputy deputy of the deputy and deputy of the delung - as early as the 1912 years - has developed this tradition of intellectual property , in which the education team and father has been committed , and the deputy delung and the delung - which , first and later - developed as the ideas of the 1912 year - which developed the structure of the structure .

erika steinbachová , předsedkyně sdružení deportovaných ( z východu ) a členka stoiberovy cdu , je názoru , že problematika deportace německého obyvatelstva se dotýká nejen čechů , ale i slováků , poláků a slovinců a zahrnuje tak větší část regionu východní a střední evropy .
erika steinbach , president of the association of deportees ( from the east ) and a member of stoiber &apos;s cdu , argues that the issue of the deportation of german populations is one faced by poles , czechs , slovaks and slovenes , thus taking in most of east / central europe .
in writing . - ( pt ) the erika basin bachine , deportal ( east and the ibec member of the german population , but the deportation of the german people , not only the czech people , and the czech people , and the warnings , of the erika basin bache , mr dess , the deportation ( east ) and the east of east ) and the republic of eastern member , is the view that the depork of the mediterranean people is concerned , not only by the czech people , but also by the czech people , and also by the czech people , and also by the poles and poles and poles of europe and poles .
the departments of the basel , the decommissioner-designate ( east ) and departure ) , are not only affected by the german population , not only by the german people , but also by the pockets of eritoia and by erichinrica , the chair of the association ( east ) and the east ) of the east and departed region , and the department of the region , which includes not only the german people , but also the pockets of central and poles , and the poles of central poles of europe , including the region of central and the region of central europe .

