je n&apos; ai rien contre ces grands hypermarchés .
i have nothing against big box stores .
i have nothing against these major markets .
i have nothing against these major markets .

ils prennent leurs théories trop au sérieux .
they take their theories too seriously .
they take their theories too seriously .
they take their theories too seriously .

de l&apos; exactitude des experts
how accurate are your pet pundits ?
the accuracy of experts
the accuracy of the experts

elles ont adopté la stratégie du
they have embraced the
they adopted the strategy of the strategy .
they adopted the strategy of the strategy

mais est-ce exact ?
but is this right ?
but is that true ?
but is it correct ?

de temps à autre , il remet en questions les théories scientifiques .
time and again , he questions the scientific evidence .
on the other hand , it raises questions of scientific theories .
on the other hand , it calls into question scientific theories .

des institutions de légitimation du marché ( protection sociale et assurance ) .
market-legitimizing institutions ( for social protection and insurance ) .
institutions to legitimise the market ( social protection and insurance ) .
institutions to legitimise the market ( social protection and insurance ) .

son gouvernement ba&apos; athiste ne coulera toutefois pas seul .
his ba &apos;athist government , however , will not go alone .
however , its baathist government will not be alone .
however , its baathist government will not go alone .

le reste du monde devrait simplement s&apos; opposer à bush et lui
instead , the rest of the world should
the rest of the world should simply oppose bush and her .
the rest of the world should simply oppose bush and him .

le caractère incomplet des connaissances vient compliquer cette estimation .
incomplete knowledge complicates this assessment .
the incomplete nature of the knowledge has made this estimate difficult .
the complete nature of knowledge has made this assessment difficult .

dans certaines régions d&apos; asie , les niveaux de vie sont montés en flèche .
in parts of asia , living standards have skyrocketed .
in some areas of asia , living levels are moned in flavour .
in some regions of asia , living levels are being stolen .

la peur et la flambée des prix de l&apos; immobilier s&apos; encouragent mutuellement .
fear and upward momentum in home prices go together .
fear and flavourings of property prices encourage each other .
fear and the rise in the price of property is encouraging each other .

le projet européen représente la réponse d&apos; un réaliste à la mondialisation et à ses défis .
the european project is a realist &apos;s response to globalization and its challenges .
the european project represents a realistic response to globalisation and its challenges .
the european project represents a realistic response to globalisation and its challenges .

pour le moment , cela nécessite de « simplement dire non » au président bush .
right now , this entails `just saying no &apos; to president bush .
at the moment , this requires &apos; simply saying no &apos; to president bush .
at the moment , this requires &apos; simply saying no &apos; to president bush .

or l&apos; absence de législation est directement liée à l&apos; absence d&apos; idées claires .
unformed laws are directly related to unformed ideas .
the absence of legislation is directly linked to the lack of clear ideas .
the lack of legislation is directly linked to the lack of clear ideas .

en asie , le débat public porte sur la technologie : comment l&apos; asie pourra-t-elle rattraper son retard ?
in asia , public debate is about technology : how can asia catch up ?
in asia , the public debate is about technology : how can asia catch up ?
in asia , the public debate is about technology : how can asia catch up ?

de srebrenica et du massacre de milliers de musulmans sous la fallacieuse protection de l&apos; onu ?
remember srebrenica and the slaughter of thousands of muslims under the supposed protection of the un ?
from srebrenica and the massacre of thousands of muslims under un protection ?
from srebrenica and the massacre of thousands of muslims under the glarity of un protection ?

en bref , ils craignent que tous les sacrifices entrepris pour stabiliser les prix aient été vains .
in short , they fear that all of the sacrifices made for price stability will have been in vain .
in short , they fear that all the sacrifices undertaken to stabilise prices have been vanished .
in short , they fear that all the sacrifices made to stabilise prices have been vanished .

les experts prévoyant le pire et le meilleur sont ceux qui ont le plus tendance à exagérer .
boom and doom pundits are the most reliable over-claimers .
experts providing the worst and the best are those who have the most tendency to overturn .
the experts providing the worst and the best are those who have the greatest tendency to overcome .

ils ont compris les leçons de l&apos; amérique latine et de l&apos; asie dans les années 1990 .
they have learned the lesson from latin america and asia in the 1990 &apos;s .
they understood the lessons of latin america and asia in the 1990s .
they have understood the lessons of latin america and asia in the 1990s .

après tout , de telles confrontations ne sont pas extraordinaires pour les régimes présidentiels rigides d&apos; amérique latine .
after all , confrontations like this are not unusual in latin america &apos;s rigid presidential systems .
after all , such appropriations are not extraordinary for the rigid presidential regimes of latin america .
after all , such confrontation is not extraordinary for the rigid presidential regimes of latin america .

certains voient en lui un défenseur des pauvres , d&apos; autres un critique de la théologie de la libération .
some see a defender of the poor , others a critic of liberation theology .
some see it as a defender of the poor , others are critical of the theology of liberation .
some people see him as a defender of the poor , others who are critical of the theft of the release .

si cela se produit , il est fort probable que les serbes du nord du kosovo déclareront leur propre indépendance .
if that happens , it is likely that the serbs of north kosovo would declare their own independence .
if this happens , it is very likely that the serbs in the north of kosovo will declare their own independence .
if this happens , it is very likely that the north serbs in kosovo will say their own independence .

les russes eux-mêmes sont pratiquement les seuls à ne pas se soucier de cet autoritarisme rampant .
indeed , about the only people who are unconcerned about creeping authoritarianism in russia are the russians themselves .
the russians themselves are practically the only ones who do not care about this authoritarian authoritarian .
the russians themselves are practically the only ones who are not concerned about this corrupt authoritarian permit .

l&apos; économiste australien john quiggin a affiché une discussion instructive sur son site web (
the australian economist john quiggin has an illuminating discussion on his website (
the chinese economist , john quiby in , has shown a informative discussion on his website (
the italian economist john quiggin has shown an informal discussion on his website (

la guerre était-elle justifiée en terme de coûts et de résultats ? etait-elle vraiment l&apos; ultime recours ?
was the war justified in terms of costs and benefits , and was war really the last resort ?
was the war justified in terms of costs and results ?
is the war justified in the end of costs and results ? is it really the ultimate appeal ?

l&apos; un des problèmes est que les conséquences de cette négligence des effets nocifs des médicaments sont inexistantes , ou minimes .
one problem is that the consequences for neglecting drug safety are non-existing or minimal .
one of the problems is that the consequences of this negligence of the harmful effects of medicines are non-existent or minimal .
one of the problems is that the consequences of this neglect of the harmful effects of medicines are non-existent , or minimum .

ce sont toutefois les pays en voie de développement ( et donc les pays pauvres du monde ) qui sont les plus vulnérables .
however , it is the developing countries -- and thus the world &apos;s poor -- who are most vulnerable .
however , it is the developing countries ( and therefore the poorest countries in the world ) that are the most vulnerable .
it is , however , the developing countries ( and therefore the poor countries in the world ) who are the most vulnerable .

les pays industriels riches ont investi très tôt et massivement dans l&apos; infrastructure , les institutions et la gestion de l&apos; eau .
rich industrial countries have invested early and heavily in water infrastructure , institutions , and management capacities .
rich industrial countries have invested very soon and heavily in infrastructure , institutions and water management .
rich industrial countries have invested very quickly and heavily in infrastructure , institutions and water management .

cette catastrophe est internationale , aussi est-il approprié que les nations unies prennent la tête de la coordination de l&apos; effort humanitaire .
the disaster was international , so it was appropriate that the united nations take the lead in coordinating the relief effort .
this disaster is international , and it is also appropriate for the united nations to take the lead in the coordination of the humanitarian effort .
this disaster is international , and it is also appropriate for the united nations to take the lead in coordinating the humanitarian effort .

elle requiert l&apos; agnosticisme moral et la pluralité des références , aucune n&apos; étant consacrée et obligatoire .
it presupposed moral agnosticism and a plurality of meanings , none of which are sacred or compulsory to all .
it calls for moral sticism and the plurality of references , no one being devoted and compulsory .
it requires moral sticism and plurality of references , no subject to compulsory and compulsory reference .

bien sûr , il n&apos; a jamais exprimé un tel sentiment au sein-même de la grande-bretagne , au cours des huit dernières années .
certainly , he had never expressed any such sentiment inside the british isles during the previous eight years .
of course , he has never expressed such a sense in britain in the last eight years .
of course , he has never expressed such a sense of feeling in britain over the last eight years .

les gouvernements des sociétés dans lesquelles le taux de chômage officiel reste à 10 % ou plus depuis plusieurs générations ont une mauvaise gestion économique .
societies in which the official unemployment rate stands at 10 % or more for generations are societies in which government economic management has failed .
the governments of companies in which the official unemployment rate remains at 10 % or more since several generations have been poor economic management .
the governments of companies in which the official unemployment rate remains at 10 % or more since several generations have had bad economic management .

d&apos; autres gouvernements devraient suivre ce modèle afin de remplir leur rôle , négligé jusqu&apos; ici , de gardien de la santé publique .
other governments should follow this model in order to fulfill their neglected role as guardian of public health .
other governments should follow this model in order to fulfil their role , neglected up to now , of guarding public health .
other governments should follow this model in order to fulfil their role , which has so far been neglected by the guardian of public health .

par conséquent , faute de négociations , un retrait unilatéral constitue la seule démarche sensée vers la réduction des violences et la stabilisation .
hence , in the absence of negotiations , a unilateral withdrawal is the only meaningful step towards de-escalation and stabilization .
therefore , without negotiations , a unilateral withdrawal is the only sensible step towards reducing violence and stabilisation .
consequently , without negotiations , a unilateral withdrawal is the only sensible step towards reducing violence and stabilisation .

comme dans les autres pays postcommunistes , ce sont essentiellement les forces démocratiques de gauche qui ont bénéficié des divisions de la droite .
as in other postcommunist countries , the main beneficiary of such a lack of unity has been the democratic left .
as in other post-communist countries , it is mainly the democratic forces of the left that have benefited from the right .
as in the other post-communist countries , it is mainly the democratic forces of the left who have benefited from the right divisions .

pourtant , elle n&apos; a pas réussi à exercer le type de pouvoir nécessaire pour créer un nouvel ordre mondial fondé sur des principes tels que l&apos; équité .
yet it has failed to exercise the kind of leadership needed to create a new world order based on principles like fairness .
however , it has not succeeded in exercising the type of power needed to create a new world order based on principles such as fairness .
however , it has not succeeded in exercising the kind of power needed to create a new global order based on principles such as fairness .

aujourd&apos; hui , la chine , l&apos; inde et les autres pays en développement n&apos; ont pas cette latitude et il serait injuste de les pénaliser .
today , china , india , and other developing countries cannot , and it would be unfair to penalize them for that .
today , china , india and the other developing countries do not have this ias and it would be unfair to penalise them .
today , china , india and other developing countries do not have this scope , and it would be unfair to penalise them .

après 1945 , l&apos; europe de l&apos; ouest s&apos; est engagée dans des débats douloureux sur l&apos; histoire , qui ont contribué à la réconciliation franco-allemande .
after 1945 , western europe undertook painful debates about history , and these helped bring about franco-german reconciliation .
after 1945 , the western europe has committed itself in painful debates on history , which have contributed to franco-german reconciliation .
after 1988 , the western europe committed itself in painful debates on history , which contributed to the franco-german reconciliation .

les limites placées sur les comptes en devises des exportateurs sont supprimées et les banques peuvent investir dans les marchés des capitaux et monétaires outre-mer .
limits on exporters &apos; foreign-currency accounts will be removed , and banks may invest in overseas money and debt markets .
the limits placed on the currency accounts of exporters are removed and banks can invest in the overseas capital and monetary markets .
the limits placed on the currency accounts of exporters are abolished and banks can invest in the overseas capital and monetary markets .

elles constituent plutôt la promesse d&apos; un certain niveau de vie ( y compris la valeur des services médicaux ) , rectifiées pour l&apos; inflation .
instead , they are promises of a certain standard of living ( including the value of medical services ) , corrected for inflation .
instead , they are the promise of a certain standard of living ( including the value of medical services ) , rectified for inflation .
instead , they are the promise of a certain standard of living ( including the value of medical services ) , corrected for inflation .

la suisse , avec son allure généralement plus lente et ses débats politiques approfondis avant les élections , constitue sans doute la seule exception à cette règle .
switzerland , with its generally slower pace and its thorough political debates before votes are held , may be the exception .
switzerland , with its usually more slow and far-reaching political debates before the elections , is probably the only exception to this rule .
switzerland , with its generally more slow approach and its in-depth political debates before the elections , is undoubtedly the only exception to this rule .

et l&apos; arrivée de ces hypers dans une communauté écrase les détaillants établis de longue date , et transforment souvent leur personnalité de façon impressionnante .
and the entry of big-box stores into a community crushes long-established retailers , often traumatically transforming their character .
and the arrival of these hydes in a community screens the long-established retailers , and often transmit their personality in an impressive manner .
and the arrival of these hyths in a screen community is the long-established retailers , and often transmit their personality in an impressive way .

les liens étroits entre le monde des affaires et les gouvernements ont été accusés d&apos; être responsables des crises financières qui ont touché l&apos; asie du sud-est en 1997 .
close links between business and governments were blamed by many for the financial crisis that struck southeast asia in 1997 .
the close links between the business world and the governments were accused of being responsible for the financial crises that affected south-east asia in 1997 .
the close links between the business world and governments were accused of being responsible for the financial crises that affected south-east asia in 1997 .

l&apos; assemblée générale des nations-unies devrait garder cette idée en mémoire lorsqu&apos; elle commencera à codifier la doctrine de la &quot; responsabilité de protection . &quot;
the un general assembly should keep this in mind as it starts to codify the doctrine of the &quot; responsibility to protect . &quot;
the general assembly of the united nations should keep this idea in memory when it begins to codify the doctrine of &apos; protection &apos; .
the general assembly of the united nations should keep this idea in memory when it begins to codify the doctrine of &apos; protection liability &apos; .

il veut faire partie d&apos; une europe politique , mais seulement si les autres états membres acceptent de suivre le modèle de la réforme économique et sociale britannique .
he wants to be a part of a political europe ; but only if the other member states follow britain &apos;s model of economic and social reform .
it wants to be part of a political europe , but only if the other member states accept the model of british economic and social reform .
it wants to be part of a political europe , but only if the other member states accept the model of british economic and social reform .

elle offre un forum de négociation des nouveaux accords de libéralisation du commerce , cherche des remèdes contre les politiques protectionnistes et discriminatoires et résout les conflits avec les partenaires commerciaux .
it provides a forum in which to negotiate new trade liberalization agreements , seek remedies against protectionist and discriminatory policies , and resolve disputes with trading partners .
it offers a negotiating forum for the new trade liberalisation agreements , seeks to win against protectionist and discriminatory policies and resolve conflicts with trade partners .
it offers a forum for negotiating new trade liberalisation agreements , seeks to win against protectionist and discriminatory policies and resolve conflicts with trade partners .

l&apos; assassinat de m. hariri complique encore plus la situation et la syrie doit se préparer à une forte réaction de la part de la france et des états-unis .
hariri &apos;s assassination makes that far more difficult , and syria must prepare for a strong backlash from the us and france .
mr hariri &apos;s murder is even more complicated than the situation and syria must prepare for a strong response from france and the united states .
the murder of mr hariri is even more complicated than the situation and syria must prepare for a strong reaction from france and the united states .

tout d&apos; abord , les jeunes peuvent ne pas profiter des places peu onéreuses simplement parce que quel qu&apos; en soit le prix , la musique classique ne les intéresse pas .
first , youth may not take advantage of cheap tickets to the extent that they are not interested in going to hear live classical music at any price .
first of all , young people cannot take advantage of cheap places simply because , regardless of the price , traditional music is not interested in them .
first of all , young people cannot take advantage of cheap places simply because whatever price , traditional music does not interest them .

d&apos; autres maladies tropicales peuvent elles aussi être contrôlées , et des technologies pratiques pour obtenir de l&apos; eau potable réduire de façon conséquente les maladies diarrhéiques .
other tropical diseases also can be controlled , and practical technologies for safe drinking water can dramatically reduce diarrheal diseases .
other tropical diseases can also be monitored , and practical technologies to achieve drinking water in a consistent way reduce diehec diseases .
other tropical diseases can also be monitored , and practical technologies to achieve drinking water are in a consistent way reducing diheia diseases .

les rares exemples de réussite se sont produits dans des pays qui ont suivi leur propre rythme et qui ne représentent pas vraiment une image d&apos; épinal du néolibéralisme .
the few instances of success occurred in countries that marched to their own drummers--and that are hardly poster children for neoliberalism .
the few examples of success have taken place in countries that have followed their own pace and that do not really represent a picture of neo-liberalism .
the few examples of success have occurred in countries which have followed their own pace and which do not really represent an image of neo-liberalism .

mais nous devons également créer une capacité de planification militaire européenne autonome car l&apos; ue pourrait avoir besoin de mener ses propres opérations , peut-être parce que l&apos; otan se montre réticent à ce sujet .
but we must also establish an autonomous european military planning capacity , because the eu might need to lead its own operations , perhaps because nato is unwilling to .
but we must also create an autonomous european military planning capacity , because the eu could need to carry out its own operations , perhaps because nato is reluctant to do so .
but we also need to create an autonomous european military planning capacity because the eu could need to carry out its own operations , perhaps because nato is reluctant to do so .

de manière plus réaliste , elle est conçue pour offrir aux gouvernements les encouragements nécessaires pour la prise en charge des réformes de tout ce qui ralentit la croissance économique et la productivité .
more realistically , it is designed to provide governments with the incentive to undertake the reforms that stimulate economic growth and productivity .
in a more realistic way , it is designed to provide governments with the necessary encouragement to take the reforms of everything that slow down economic growth and productivity .
in a more realistic way , it is designed to offer governments the necessary incentives for the reforms of everything that slow down economic growth and productivity .

cette apathie rend ma tâche en tant que médiateur , une institution chargée par la douma ( le parlement ) de protéger les droits politiques en russie , difficile voire impossible .
such apathy makes my task as russia &apos;s ombudsman , an office charged by the state duma ( parliament ) with protecting political rights in russia , difficult , if not impossible .
it makes my task as an ombudsman , an institution responsible for the duma ( parliament ) to protect political rights in russia , which is difficult and even impossible .
it makes my task as a mediator , an institution responsible by the duma ( parliament ) to protect political rights in russia , difficult or even impossible .

cependant , pendant la dernière décennie , les politiciens latino-américains ont accordé plus de flexibilité aux systèmes présidentiels en innovant en matière de révocation des présidents sans soutien populaire .
but over the last decade , latin american politicians have made presidential systems more flexible by finding innovative ways to remove unpopular presidents .
however , over the last decade , latin american politicians have given more flexibility to the presidential systems by innovative in the area of revocation of the presidents without popular support .
however , during the last decade , the latin american politicians have given more flexibility to the presidential systems by innovating presidents without popular support .

pour sharon , il ne fait aucun doute que les 9 000 colons juifs qui vivent parmi les 1,2 million de palestiniens dans la bande de gaza n&apos; y ont aucun avenir .
certainly , according to sharon &apos;s thinking , there is no future for 9,000 jewish settlers living among 1.2 million palestinians in the gaza strip .
for sharon , there is no doubt that the 9 000 jews who live among the 1.2 million palestinians in the gaza strip have no future .
there is no doubt that the 9 000 jews living among the 1.2 million palestinians in the gaza strip have no future .

la gouvernance ( la façon dont les décisions qui affectent l&apos; intérêt du public sont prises ) est devenue un facteur clé pour déterminer le rythme de développement d&apos; un pays . une gouvernance réussie amène des changements résolus .
governance--the way in which decisions that affect the public interest are made--has emerged as a key factor in determining a country &apos;s pace of development .
governance ( the way in which decisions affecting public interest are taken ) has become a key factor in determining the pace of development in a country , and successful governance leads to decisive changes .
governance ( the way in which decisions affecting the public interest are taken ) have become a key factor in determining the pace of development in a country , and successful governance leads to solved changes .

la grande question pour les européens consiste à savoir s&apos; ils peuvent trouver des moyens d&apos; exploiter certains des gains d&apos; efficacité incarnés par le modèle wal-mart sans pour autant se laisser dépasser par lui .
the big question for europeans is whether they can find ways to exploit some of the efficiency gains embodied by the wal-mart model without being overrun by it .
the big question for europeans is whether they can find ways of exploiting some of the efficiency gains generated by the wal-mart model without allowing themselves to go beyond it .
the great issue for europeans is whether they can find ways of exploiting some of the efficiency gains that have been embodied by the wal-mart model without allowing themselves to go beyond it .

au discrédit du monde démocratique , il n&apos; y eut quasiment aucun chef d&apos; état pour protester en défense de zhao , demandant uniquement des comptes sur son incarcération illégale et immorale .
to the discredit of the democratic world , hardly any head of state remonstrated on zhao &apos;s behalf , minimally demanding that some accounting be made for his illegal and immoral incarceration .
the discredit of the democratic world , there was almost no head of state to protest in defence of zhao , only calling for accounts on its illegal and immoral imprisonment .
in the discredit of the democratic world , there was almost no head of state to protest in defence of zhao , asking only for accounts on its illegal and unmoral imprisonment .

mais les inégalités au plan national se sont aggravées dans la plupart des pays ces dernières années , en grande partie à cause de la libéralisation économique aussi bien au niveau national qu&apos; au niveau international .
but inequalities at the national level have deepened in most countries in recent years , largely due to economic liberalization at both the national and international levels .
but inequalities at national level have deteriorated in most countries in recent years , largely because of economic liberalisation both at national and international level .
but inequalities at national level have become worse in most of the countries in recent years , largely due to economic liberalisation both at national and international level .

les indiens résidents peuvent désormais posséder un compte en devises et investir dans les actions des entreprises étrangères , tandis que les indiens non résidents peuvent rapatrier des legs / capitaux de succession .
resident indians can now maintain a foreign-currency account and invest in shares of foreign companies , while non-resident indians can repatriate legacy / inheritance assets .
indian residents can now have a currency account and invest in the actions of foreign companies , while unresidents can return to legs / capital .
indian residents can now have a currency account and invest in foreign companies &apos; actions , while non-residents can return to legs / capital .

par exemple , les américains paient chaque année 300 milliards de dollars pour la &quot; option value &quot; ( valeur potentielle ) de leur état de préparation militaire , qui leur permet d&apos; être prêt à se battre là où il le faut .
for instance , americans pay some $ 300 billion annually for the &quot; option value &quot; of military preparedness -- being able to fight wherever needed .
for example , the americans pay usd 300 billion every year for the &apos; added option &apos; ( potential value ) of their state of military preparation , which allows them to be prepared to fight where it needs to .
for example , the americans pay usd 300 billion every year for the &apos; potential value &apos; option ( potential ) of their state of military preparation , which allows them to be prepared to fight where necessary .

il y a très peu de chances pour qu&apos; elle parvienne à faire adopter le budget cette année , et , à moins de résoudre rapidement la dispute , l&apos; union européenne ne disposera d&apos; aucun budget de fonctionnement pour 2007 .
chances that it gets the budget approved this year are slim , and , unless the dispute is resolved soon , the union will not have an operational budget by 2007 .
there are very few opportunities for it to be able to adopt the budget this year , and , unless the european union is quickly resolved , there will be no functioning budget for 2007 .
there is very little chance that it will succeed in adopting the budget this year , and , unless the european union is resolved quickly , the european union will not have any functioning budget for 2007 .

en amérique latine , près de 15 % de la population , soit près de 76 millions de personnes , n&apos; a aucun accès à une eau potable , et 116 millions de personnes n&apos; ont accès à aucun service sanitaire .
in latin america , about 15 % of the population -- roughly 76 million people -- do not have access to safe water , and 116 million people do not have access to sanitation services .
in latin america , almost 15 % of the population , or almost 76 million people , have no access to drinking water , and 116 million people have no health service .
in latin america , almost 15 % of the population , or nearly 76 million people , have no access to drinking water , and 116 million people have no access to health service .

mais elle a également créé des hommes tels que andrei sakharov et vaclav havel , qui ont défendu leurs valeurs suprêmes en se référant à un humanisme laïque et en parlant en son nom .
but it did the same for andrei sakharov and vaclav havel , who defended their supreme values with reference to , and in the language of , lay humanism .
but it has also created men such as andrei sakharov and vacel havel , who have defended their supreme values by referring to secular humanism and speaking on his behalf .
but it has also created men such as andrei sakharov and mr havel , who have defended their most important values by referring to secular humanism and speaking on his behalf .

exclus et n&apos; ayant que des perspectives d&apos; avenir sombres , les jeunes , en particulier , font souvent l&apos; expérience d&apos; une certaine anomie et se réfugient dans des comportements antisociaux , et même violents .
excluded and facing bleak life prospects , young people , in particular , often experience anomie and may turn to anti-social behavior , including violence .
in particular , young people often experience a certain anomaly and take refuge in anti-social behaviour , and even violent behaviour .
in particular , young people , in particular , often experience of a certain anomaly and refugees are being found in anti-social behaviour , and even violent behaviour .

libérés des risques liés aux taux de change , les investisseurs internationaux ne demandent plus de prime de risque à ces pays et acceptent volontiers de leur fournir à tous des fonds à des conditions favorables , ce qui était auparavant l&apos; apanage de l&apos; allemagne .
freed from exchange-rate risk , international investors no longer demanded a risk premium from these countries and were willing to provide funds to all of them under the same favorable conditions that previously had been reserved for germany .
release risks related to exchange rates , international investors are no longer asking for risk premium to these countries and are happy to give them all funds to favourable conditions , which was previously the apple of germany .
released from the risks of exchange rates , international investors are no longer asking for risk premium to these countries and are happy to accept them to all funds for favourable conditions , which was previously germany &apos;s lip .

tout comme l&apos; on admire toujours plus les célébrités internationales , on perçoit les centres internationaux d&apos; affaire , de technologie et de culture reconnus -et dont les noms sont familiers pour tout le monde , partout-possèdent une valeur unique .
just as people increasingly admire international celebrities , so they believe that world famous centers of business , technology , and culture - whose names are household words to people everywhere - are uniquely valuable .
just like the international celebrations , we see international centres of business , technology and culture recognised and whose names are familiar for everyone , partoute has a unique value .
as is always the ever more pooling of international celebrations , international centres of business , recognised technology and culture , and the names of which are familiar to the whole world , have a unique value .

si le monde ne se concentre pas sur des politiques économiques à même de traiter l&apos; impact négatif des inégalités économiques sur la réduction de la croissance et de la pauvreté , les pauvres et les privilégiés continueront de vivre dans des mondes séparés .
unless the world refocuses economic policies to address the adverse impact of economic inequality on growth and poverty reduction , the poor and the privileged will continue to live worlds apart .
if the world does not concentrate on economic policies to deal with the negative impact of economic inequalities on reducing growth and poverty , the poor and the privileged will continue to live in separate monks .
if the world does not focus on economic policies to deal with the negative impact of economic inequalities on reducing growth and poverty , poor and privileged people will continue to live in separate monks .

en septembre dernier , les états-unis , avec l&apos; appui de la france , ont soutenu la résolution 1559 du conseil de sécurité de l&apos; onu exigeant le retrait des troupes syriennes et le désarmement des milices , et du hezbollah principalement .
last september , the us , together with france , sponsored un security council resolution 1559 demanding a syrian pullout and the disarming of militias -- mainly hezbollah .
last september , the united states , with the support of france , supported resolution 1559 of the un security council demanding the withdrawal of syrian troops and the disarmament of militias , and of hezbollah mainly .
last september , the united states , with the support of france , supported resolution 1559 of the un security council demanding the withdrawal of syrian troops and the disarmament of the militias , and of hips mainly .

ce ne sont pas toutes les périodes exceptionnelles qui créent leur bonaparte , ce qui est probablement préférable , car les leaders exceptionnels peuvent donner l&apos; illusion que tous les problèmes ont leur solution , ce qui est loin d&apos; être vrai .
not all exceptional periods create their bonapartes , and this is probably a good thing , for exceptional leaders may give the illusion that all problems have solutions , which is far from true .
it is not all the exceptional periods that create their bonuses , which is probably preferable , because the exceptional leaders can give the illusion that all the problems have their solution , which is far from true .
it is not all the exceptional periods that create their boness , which is probably better , because the exceptional leaders can give the illusion that all the problems have their solution , which is far from true .

parmi eux , comme parmi les palestiniens , certains espèrent qu&apos; après le retrait de gaza il sera possible de revenir à la feuille de route et de reprendre les négociations qui mèneront à un accord final entre israël et les palestiniens .
among them , as well as among the palestinians , one hears the hope that after the gaza withdrawal , it will be possible to return to the road map and to resume negotiations leading to a final agreement between israel and the palestinians .
among them , like the palestinians , some hope that , after the withdrawal of gaza , it will be possible to return to the road map and resume the negotiations that will lead to a final agreement between israel and the palestinians .
some of them , like the palestinians , hope that , after the withdrawal of gaza , it will be possible to return to the roadmap and resume the negotiations that will lead to a final agreement between israel and the palestinians .

a l&apos; évidence , les réformes proposées et déjà partiellement promulguées par le gouvernement sont impopulaires et il ne fait pratiquement aucun doute qu&apos; un an après sa réélection , la coalition des sociaux démocrates et des verts n&apos; a que bien peu de chances de convaincre aux urnes .
clearly , the reforms proposed and already partly enacted by the government are unpopular , and there is little doubt that , a year after their re-election , the coalition of the social democrats and the greens would not stand much of a chance at the polls .
clearly , the proposed reforms and already partially enacted by the government are unpopular and there is practically no doubt that one year after its re-election , the social coalition and the greens have little chance of convincing in the ballot box .
clearly , the proposed reforms and already partially enacted by the government are unpopular and there is almost no doubt that a year after its reelection , the coalition of social democrats and the greens has little chance of convincing the ballot .

par exemple , lorsque des tendances démographiques ou des épreuves économiques incessantes imposent des charges sur les travailleurs au niveau des prestations sociales , les bénéfices dus aux retraités doivent automatiquement être modifiés par l&apos; augmentation de l&apos; âge de la retraite et / ou par l&apos; ajustement des bénéfices .
for example , when demographic trends or persistent economic hardships impose undue social-welfare burdens on working people , benefits to pensioners should be automatically modified by raising the retirement age and / or adjusting benefits .
for example , when demographic trends or constant economic evidence impose burden on workers on social benefits , the benefits of pensioners must automatically be changed by increasing the retirement age and / or by the adjustment of profits .
for example , when demographic trends or constant economic evidence impose burdens on workers at social level , the benefits of pensioners must automatically be modified by the increase in retirement age and / or by the adjustment of profits .

les problèmes de l&apos; union européenne viennent d&apos; un indice de production stagnant , un chômage structurel élevé , une faible croissance de la productivité , une politique agricole commune inutile et injuste et la prévision des ajustements structurels en vue de l&apos; expansion de l&apos; union européenne elle-même .
the eu &apos;s problems are stagnant output , high structural unemployment , weak productivity growth , the wasteful and unfair common agricultural policy ( cap ) , and the forthcoming structural adjustments from the expansion of the eu itself .
the problems of the european union come from a staggering production index , high structural unemployment , low productivity growth , an unnecessary and unfair common agricultural policy and the planning of structural adjustments for the expansion of the european union itself .
the problems of the european union have come from an indication of this production of staggering , high structural unemployment , low productivity growth , an unnecessary and unfair common agricultural policy and the planning of structural adjustments for the expansion of the european union itself .

mais sans engagement des gouvernements à limiter les émissions des gaz à effet de serre au-delà de 2012 , le marché du carbone demeurera incertain et le secteur privé ( indispensable à la réussite du marché ) ne devrait pas étendre sa participation de manière significative et durable .
but , without a commitment by governments to limit greenhouse gas emissions beyond 2012 , the carbon market will remain uncertain , and the private sector -- vital to the market &apos;s success -- is unlikely to expand its participation in a meaningful and sustained way .
but without a commitment from governments to limit greenhouse gas emissions beyond 2012 , the carbon market will remain uncertain and the private sector ( which is essential for the success of the market ) should not extend its participation significantly and in a sustainable way .
but without a commitment by governments to limit greenhouse gas emissions beyond 2012 , the carbon market will remain uncertain and the private sector ( essential to the success of the market ) should not extend its participation significantly and sustainable .

en 1933 , irving fisher --le prédécesseur de milton friedman à la tête de l&apos; école monétariste américaine-- annonçait que les gouvernements devaient prévenir les grandes dépressions en évitant la déflation .
back in 1933 irving fisher --milton friedman &apos;s predecessor atop america &apos;s monetarist school of economists-- announced that governments could prevent deep depressions by avoiding deflation .
in 1933 , the predecessor of miledman friedman at the head of monetarist school , announced that governments should prevent major pressures by avoiding deflation .
in 1933 , the predecessor of milton friedman at the head of the monetarist school , announced that governments had to prevent major pressures by avoiding deflation .

entre 1985 et 2005 , les experts les plus optimistes faisaient des prévisions sur 10 ans qui exagéraient les chances de grands changements positifs à la fois sur les marchés financiers ( par ex un dow jones à 36 000 ) et en termes de politique mondiale ( par exemple le calme au moyen-orient et une croissance dynamique en afrique sub-saharienne ) .
between 1985 and 2005 , boomsters made 10-year forecasts that exaggerated the chances of big positive changes in both financial markets ( e.g. , a dow jones industrial average of 36,000 ) and world politics ( e.g. , tranquility in the middle east and dynamic growth in sub-saharan africa ) .
between 1985 and 2005 , the most optimistic experts made forecasts over 10 years that would extend the chances of major positive changes both on the financial markets ( ex ante by a dojw to 36 000 ) and in terms of global policy ( for example , calm in the middle east and dynamic growth in sub-saharan africa ) .
between 1985 and 2005 , the most optimistic experts made forecasts over 10 years that would expel the chances of major positive changes both on the financial markets ( by an ex jw to 36 000 ) and in terms of global policy ( for example calm in the middle east and dynamic growth in sub-saharan africa ) .

dans les démocraties privées de démocrates , il est encore plus compliqué de discuter de « droits de l&apos; homme » que de formalités procédurales car ces droits ne sont pas considérés comme des « droits » au sens juridique , mais simplement comme des accès de conscience ou comme des cadeaux à échanger pour obtenir un autre bien précieux .
in such democracies without democrats , &quot; human rights &quot; are more problematic to discuss than procedural formalities , because they are not thought of as &quot; rights &quot; in the legal sense , but merely as pangs of conscience , or else as gifts to be exchanged for something else of value .
it is even more complicated to discuss &apos; human rights &apos; than procedural formalities , because these rights are not regarded as &apos; rights &apos; in the legal sense , but simply as access to conscience or as gifts to exchange for another valuable good thing .
it is even more complicated to talk about &apos; human rights &apos; than procedural formalities , because these rights are not regarded as &apos; rights &apos; in legal sense , but simply as access to conscience or as gifts to exchange another valuable thing .

selon un rapport , plus de 60 % de la population des 20-30 ans votèrent pour roh , créant un écart de 2,3 % dans cette course à la présidence où se retrouvaient pour la première fois en 31 ans deux hommes face à face , luttant épaule contre épaule .
according to one report , over 60 % of people in their twenties and thirties voted for roh to produce a margin of 2.3 % in this first two-man , head-to-head presidential race in 31 years .
according to a report , more than 60 % of the population of the 30 years vote for roh , creating a 2.3 % gap in this race to the presidency where it was for the first time in 31 years in the face of two men , so much fighting against it .
according to a report , over 60 % of the population of the 30 years are voting for roh , creating a 2.3 % gap in this race to the presidency where , for the first time in 31 years in the face of two men in the face of the face , the fight against it .

elle explique aussi pourquoi d&apos; importantes différences institutionnelles persistent parmi les pays industrialisés d&apos; amérique du nord , d&apos; europe de l&apos; ouest et au japon dans des domaines tels que le rôle du secteur public , le système législatif , la gouvernance d&apos; entreprise , les marchés financiers , les marchés du travail et la protection sociale .
it also accounts for why important institutional differences persist among the advanced countries of north america , western europe , and japan in areas such as the role of the public sector , the legal system , corporate governance , financial markets , labor markets , and social insurance .
it also explains why important institutional differences remain among the industrialised countries of north america , western europe and japan in areas such as the role of the public sector , the legislative system , corporate governance , financial markets , labour markets and social protection .
it also explains why important institutional differences remain among the industrialised countries in north america , west europe and japan in areas such as the role of the public sector , the legislative system , corporate governance , financial markets , labour markets , labour markets and social protection .

le problème est que la réforme économique et sociale est purement et simplement une question de politique nationale et ne fait pas partie des compétences de l&apos; union . si une telle réforme devait avoir lieu en france ou en allemagne , cette question serait exclusivement débattue entre les politiciens et les électeurs français ou allemands .
the problem is that economic and social reform are purely national responsibilities , and do not lie within the competence of the union ; if there is to be economic and social reform in france and germany , that is a matter exclusively for french and german voters and politicians .
the problem is that economic and social reform is purely and simply a question of national policy and is not part of the union &apos;s competences , and if such reform is to take place in france or germany , this issue would be exclusively discussed between politicians and french or german voters .
the problem is that economic and social reform is purely and simply a national policy issue and is not part of the competences of the union , if such reform should take place in france or germany , this issue would be discussed exclusively between politicians and french or german voters .

en fait , les pays accédants qui n&apos; ont pas mis en place un système de caisse d&apos; émission ont vu leur déficit budgétaire s&apos; enflammer --dépassant les 9 % du pib en hongrie en 2002 et plus de 5 % en pologne , en république tchèque et en slovaquie -- tandis que d&apos; importants mouvements de capitaux ont exercé de fortes pressions sur leurs monnaies pour qu&apos; elles montent .
indeed , the accession countries that have not implemented a currency board have seen their budget deficits surge--exceeding 9 % of gdp in hungary in 2002 and more than 5 % in poland , the czech republic , and slovakia--while large capital inflows have kept their currencies under strong pressure to appreciate .
in fact , the accreditation countries that have not put in place a emissions system have seen their budget deficit going beyond the 9 % in hungary in 2002 and more than 5 % in poland , the czech republic and slovakia - and important movements of capital have exercised strong pressure on their currencies to monve the gdp over 9 % of hungary in 2002 and over 5 % in 2002 , in poland and in slovakia .
in fact , the accredited countries that have not put in place a system of emissions have seen their budget deficit over 9 % of hungary in 2002 and more than 5 % in poland , the czech republic and slovakia - while major movements of capital have led to strong currency pressure on their currencies to increase their gdp by 9 % in hungary in 2002 and more than 5 % in 2002 , and more than 5 % in poland , in the czech republic and slovakia .

bien que les américains affirment haut et fort que le nmd n&apos; est dirigé contre personne , que le seul but des etats-unis est de protéger leurs citoyens contre des états comme l&apos; irak ou la corée du nord , presque tout le monde est convaincu du contraire : les russes craignent que les américains ne veuillent cimenter leur supériorité militaire ( et l&apos; infériorité de la russie ) pour toujours ; les chinois ont peur que le nmd soit un signe de la volonté américaine que taiwan reste indépendante , les européens redoutent que les plans de l&apos; amérique ne créent des tensions avec la russie et ne sépare les etats-unis de l&apos; europe .
while americans claim that nmd is not directed against anyone , that all the us wants is to protect its citizens against states like iraq or north korea , almost everyone else thinks differently : russians fear that america wants to cement its military superiority ( and russia &apos;s inferiority ) forever ; the chinese are concerned that nmd signals american readiness to help taiwan remain independent ; europeans worry that america &apos;s plans invite tensions with russia and may separate the us from europe .
the sole aim of the united states is to protect their citizens from states such as iraq or north korea , almost everyone is convinced of the opposite : the russians are afraid that the americans want to wipe out their military superiority ( and the lower level of russia ) , and the chinese are afraid that the nmm of the american will remains independent , the europeans are afraid that the united states of america &apos;s plans are not creating tensions with russia and the united states of europe .
the only aim of the united states is to protect their citizens from states such as iraq or north korea , almost all of us is convinced of the opposite : the americans are afraid that the americans do not want their military superiority ( and the less ority of russia ) , and the chinese fear that the nmd is a sign of an independent american will , the americans fear that the american plans do not create tensions with russia and the united states of russia .

