le respect de la loi , à la russe
law and order , russian-style
compliance with the law , with russia
compliance with the law , russian law ,

les fantômes de notre économie passée
the ghosts of economics past
the fanatics of our last economy
the fanatics of our past economy

qu&apos; est-il donc possible de faire ?
so what can be done ?
so what is it possible to do ?
so what is it possible to do ?

le jeu de la démocratie
playing at democracy
democracy is the game of democracy .
the game of democracy

mais la chine ?
but what about china ?
but china ?
but china ?

les européens doivent cependant admettre que ces individus ne représentent qu&apos; une minorité .
but europeans must admit that these individuals represent a small minority .
however , europeans must admit that these people are only a minority .
europeans must , however , recognise that these individuals represent only a minority .

le gouvernement a toujours du retard en matière de réformes économiques nationales .
the government is still lagging on its domestic economic reforms .
the government is still lagging behind national economic reforms .
the government is still lagging behind national economic reforms .

la guerre était le meilleur moyen d&apos; en finir avec cette menace .
the threat could best be eliminated by war .
war was the best way to put an end to this threat .
the war was the best way to put an end to this threat .

aucun gouvernement ne peut donc les « dégonfler » .
no government can thus ``inflate them away . &apos; &apos;
no government can , therefore , &apos; delight &apos; .
so no government can &apos; degates &apos; .

même cet objectif limité peut se révéler dur à atteindre .
even this limited goal may not be easy to achieve .
even this limited objective can prove hard to achieve .
even this limited objective can be hard to achieve .

les dirigeants qui ne risquent jamais leur popularité ne sont pas dignes de leur position .
leaders who never risk their popularity are not worth their position .
the leaders who never risk their popularity are not worthy of their position .
the leaders who never risk their popularity are not worthy of their position .

le président n&apos; avait pas pris une décision politique : il avait accordé une faveur personnelle .
the president had not made a political decision ; he had bestowed a personal favor .
the president did not take a political decision : he had given a personal support .
the president had not taken a political decision : he had given a personal support .

les hommes politiques d&apos; europe occidentale , pour leur part , craignent l&apos; effet inverse .
west european politicians , for their part , fear the opposite outcome .
for their part , western european politicians fear the opposite effect .
the politicians in western europe , for their part , fear the opposite effect .

ils sont aujourd&apos; hui mieux éduqués et en meilleure santé que les générations précédentes .
their young people are therefore better-educated and healthier than previous generations .
they are today better educated and better health than previous generations .
today they are better educated and better health than previous generations .

en effet , en politique extérieure , l&apos; incohérence est souvent une vertu .
indeed , in foreign policymaking , inconsistency is often a virtue .
in fact , in external policy , inconsistency is often a rule .
in fact , in external policy , inconsistency is often a rule .

aujourd&apos; hui , de par le monde , plus d&apos; un milliard de personnes n&apos; y ont pas accès .
more than a billion people around the world today do not .
today , in the world , more than one billion people have no access to it .
today , in the world , more than one billion people do not have access to it .

tout cela soulève des questions difficiles : qu&apos; est-ce qui freine l&apos; accès à l&apos; enseignement secondaire ?
these problems raise thorny questions : what prevents more young people from attending secondary school ?
all of this raises difficult questions : what is it that frees access to secondary education ?
all of this raises difficult questions : what is the question of freing access to secondary education ?

quand les revenus des ménages chutent , il en va de même des revenus du secteur public .
when private incomes fall , so do public revenues .
when the income of households falls , the same applies to public sector incomes .
when the incomes of households fall , the same applies to the public sector &apos;s income .

le système politique de ces pays était adapté pour des populations peu importante , stables et rurales .
the political systems of these countries were tailored to small , static , rural populations .
the political system of these countries was adapted to small , stable and rural populations .
the political system of these countries was adapted for small , stable and rural populations .

créer un monde si intégré peut paraître optimiste , voire idéaliste , mais rarement naïf .
bringing such an integrated world may be optimistic , even idealistic , but it is hardly naive .
creating such an integrated world may seem optimistic , or even idealistic , but rarely naive .
if an integrated world may appear to be optimistic , even idealistic , but rarely naive .

ces secteurs sont technologiquement sophistiqués , mais forment une base étroite pour le développement sur le long terme .
these sectors are technologically sophisticated , but form a narrow base for long-term development .
these sectors are sophisticated , but are a close basis for development in the long term .
these sectors are sophisticated , but are a close basis for long-term development .

au lieu d&apos; apaiser les conflits communautaires , la haine interethnique est plus virulente que jamais .
instead of cooling communal conflict , interethnic hatred remains as heated as ever .
instead of altering community conflicts , inter-ethnic hatred is more slow than ever .
instead of altering community conflicts , ethnic hatred is more slow than ever .

cette nouvelle technologie peut réduire de 80 % l&apos; émission de dioxyde de carbone lors de la production d&apos; électricité .
this new technology , called &quot; carbon capture and sequestration , &quot; can cut by 80 % the carbon dioxide emitted during the production of electricity .
this new technology can reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 80 % in electricity production .
this new technology can reduce emissions of carbon dioxide by 80 % in electricity production .

il est possible qu&apos; une opposition publique continue à une augmentation progressive de l&apos; inflation ne résiste pas longtemps .
continued public opposition to a gradual increase in inflation is not guaranteed .
it is possible for public opposition to continue to increase inflation for a long time .
it is possible for a public opposition to continue to increase inflation for a long time .

mais l&apos; armée paie des allocations de handicap qui sont bien inférieures à la valeur des revenus perdus .
but the military pays disability benefits that are markedly lower than the value of lost earnings .
but the army pays disability benefits that are far lower than the value of lost income .
but the army pays disability benefits , which are much lower than the value of income lost .

tous ces problèmes graves dans le domaine des droits de l&apos; homme mettent en évidence le caractère incomplet des institutions légales russes .
all of these serious human rights questions expose the fact that russia &apos;s legal institutions remains half-formed .
all these serious problems in the field of human rights highlight the incomplete nature of russian legal institutions .
all these serious problems in the area of human rights highlight the complete nature of russian legal institutions .

face à ce vide , la droite modérée a eu les mains libres et a pu conserver une certaine unité jusqu&apos; en 1997 .
in the absence of a credible democratic left party , czech center-right politicians had the upper hand , and were relatively united , until 1997 .
faced with this gap , the moderate right has had free hands and has been able to maintain a certain unity until 1997 .
in the face of this gap , the moderate right had free hands and was able to maintain a certain unit until 1997 .

par exemple , en tant que médiateur , je me suis opposé à la restriction du droit des russes à être jurés .
for example , as ombudsman , i was opposed to curtailing the right of russians to jury trials .
for example , as an ombudsman , i opposed the restriction of russian law to be judged .
for example , as a mediator , i have opposed the restriction of russian law to be judged .

mes hôtes étaient d&apos; anciens dirigeants communistes qui assumaient désormais le rôle de présidents élus plus ou moins démocratiquement .
my hosts were former communist leaders who were now more or less democratically elected presidents .
my guests were former communist leaders who are now holding the role of elected presidents more or less democratically .
my hotel was former communist leaders who are now holding the role of elected presidents more or less democratically .

il semblerait que le seul impératif de bruxelles soit l&apos; objectif de croissance des pays candidats , la stabilité macroéconomique peut attendre .
the objective of growth for the accession countries is apparently the sole imperative in brussels ; macroeconomic stability can wait .
it would appear that the only imperative of brussels is the objective of growth in the candidate countries , macroeconomic stability can wait .
it would seem that the only imperative of brussels is the objective of growth in the candidate countries , macroeconomic stability can wait .

ce qui doit compter pour l&apos; union européenne reste que les politiques de tout état membre ne soient pas nuisibles pour les autres états membres .
what should matter for the eu is that the policies of any member state are not harmful to other members .
what must count for the european union remains that the policies of any member state are not harmful to the other member states .
what must count for the european union remains that the policies of any member state are not harmful to the other member states .

pourtant , les droits de l&apos; homme , les droits civiques et politiques sont-ils suffisants pour affirmer la force et la survie des démocraties ?
but are civil , political , and human rights enough to ensure the strength and survival of democracies ?
however , are human rights , civic and political rights sufficient to assert the strength and survival of democracies ?
yet , human rights , civil and political rights are sufficient to assert the strength and survival of democracies ?

en particulier , le &quot; moteur &quot; franco-allemand de l&apos; europe ne doit pas être considéré comme un rival potentiel pour les etats-unis .
in particular , the franco-german &quot; engine &quot; of europe should not be seen as a potential rival to the us .
in particular , the &apos; franco-german driving force &apos; of europe must not be seen as a potential for the united states .
in particular , the &apos; franco-german engine &apos; of europe must not be regarded as a potential rival for the united states .

dans un seul pays , le président a immédiatement décidé de libérer un homme accusé d&apos; avoir fomenté un coup d&apos; état .
in one country , the president immediately decided to free a man accused of plotting a coup .
in one country alone , the president immediately decided to release a man accused of fearing a coup d &apos;état .
in one country , the president immediately decided to release a man accused of having omitted a coup d &apos;état .

aujourd&apos; hui , on dirait que j&apos; ai enfin raison , si ce n&apos; est de paniquer , au moins de m&apos; inquiéter .
now , though , it looks like i may finally be right -- or at least right to worry , if not to panic .
today , i would say that i am at last right , if that is not to go , at least i am concerned .
today , it seems to me that i am at last right , if it is not a sign , at least to worry me .

en conséquence , la célébrité peut très bien être liée négativement , et non de façon positive , à l&apos; exactitude à long terme .
as a result , fame could be negatively , not positively , correlated with long-run accuracy .
as a result , the celebrity can be very well linked , and not in a positive way , to the long-term accuracy .
as a result , the celebration can be very well linked , not in a positive way , to the long-term excesses .

la chine a attiré des ide de 52,7 milliards de dollars en 2002 , à savoir la rentrée de capital la plus importante au monde .
china attracted fdi inflows of us $ 52.7 billion in 2002--the largest in the world .
china has drawn up usd 52.7 billion in 2002 , namely the largest capital entry to the world .
china has drawn up usd 52.7 billion in 2002 , namely the most important capital entry into the world .

médecins sans frontières a introduit le concept du « droit d&apos; intervention » dans les désastres humanitaires en contournant les restrictions du droit international classique .
doctors without borders introduced the concept of &quot; the right of intervention &quot; in humanitarian disasters , bypassing the strictures of traditional international law .
doctors without borders introduced the concept of the &apos; right of intervention &apos; in humanitarian disasters by circumventing the restrictions on traditional international law .
doctors without borders introduced the concept of &apos; intervention law &apos; in humanitarian disasters by circumventing restrictions on traditional international law .

ils ont besoin de courage pour entraîner des majorités parlementaires souvent précaires sur le chemin d&apos; une popularité qui connaît des hauts et des bas .
leaders themselves need the nerve to take often precarious parliamentary majorities through the troughs of popularity .
they need courage to lead to often precarious parliamentary majorities on the path of a popularity that knows high and low .
they need courage to result in often insecure parliamentary majority voting on the path of a popularity that knows high and low .

la désillusion vis-à-vis du monde politique et des politiciens est également un élément important de notre aspiration à un leader providentiel .
disillusion with politics and politicians also is a key element of our yearning for providential leaders .
it is also an important part of our desire for a leading leader to the political world and politicians .
the desire for the political world and politicians is also an important part of our desire for a leading leader .

il faut compter en outre avec le mécontentement de l&apos; europe du nord à l&apos; égard des banquiers centraux , particulièrement de la bce et de l&apos; euro .
coupled with all this is northern european discontent with the central bankers , specifically with the ecb and the euro .
furthermore , we must count with the discontent of northern europe with regard to central bankers , particularly the ecb and the euro .
furthermore , we must count on the discontent of northern europe with regard to central bankers , particularly the ecb and the euro .

les autorités fiscales indépendantes ( ou les règles fiscales telles que le pacte de stabilité ) gênent cet usage politique de la politique fiscale , qui s&apos; avère coûteux .
independent fiscal authorities-or fiscal rules such as the stability pact-stand in the way of this political use of fiscal policy , which is costly .
independent tax authorities ( or tax rules such as the stability pact ) hinder this policy of fiscal policy , which is costly .
the independent tax authorities ( or tax rules such as the stability pact ) hinder this policy of fiscal policy , which is expensive .

la question essentielle est surtout de savoir dans quelle mesure les anciens états membres sont prêts à payer pour dynamiser les économies en retard des nouveaux pays membres .
in particular , the central issue is how far the old member states are willing to pay to boost the less developed economies of the new members .
the key issue is , above all , to what extent the old member states are prepared to pay for boosting the economies behind the new member states .
the key issue is , above all , how much the old member states are prepared to pay to boost the economies behind the new member states .

mais sur certaines questions , telles que la guerre en irak , les européens ne sont pas du tout prêts à suivre l&apos; amérique à l&apos; aveuglette .
but on some issues , such as the iraq war , europeans are not all ready to follow america blindly .
but on certain issues , such as the war in iraq , europeans are not at all prepared to follow america in the dark .
but on some issues , such as war in iraq , europeans are not at all ready to follow america in the wrong direction .

le conseil des gouverneurs prend le risque de se trouver à court d&apos; adjectifs , et de crédibilité , s&apos; il n&apos; agit pas sous peu .
the governing council is in danger of running out of adjectives -- as well as credibility -- if it does not act soon .
the governing council takes the risk of finding itself in the short term , and credibility , if it is not a matter of little .
the governing council takes the risk of finding itself in the short term , and credibility , if it is not a matter of any kind .

tel était le message que les britanniques pro-européens espéraient de longue date et qu&apos; ils attendaient vainement depuis l&apos; élection de blair en 1997 .
this was a message for which britain &apos;s european friends had long been hoping , and for which they had waited in vain since blair &apos;s election in 1997 .
that was the message that the pro-europeans had hoped for a long date and that they had expected to vote since the election of blair in 1997 .
that was the message that the pro-european british hoped for a long time and that they had expected to wait since the election of blair in 1997 .

cependant , si les gouvernements occidentaux ne développent pas une profonde compréhension de la manière d&apos; opérer de ces structures , ils n&apos; ont aucune chance de combattre l&apos; entreprise terroriste agile .
however , if western governments do not develop a deep understanding of how these structures operate , they stand no chance of combating the agile terrorist enterprise .
however , if the western governments do not develop a profound understanding of how to operate these structures , they have no chance of combating the aggregated terrorist company .
however , if western governments do not develop a profound understanding of how to operate these structures , they have no chance of combating the anti-terrorist company .

le problème , c&apos; est qu&apos; ils risquent de se retrouver gouvernés pendant quatre ans par angela merkel , un chancelier presque aussi attaché au projet néolibéral que moi .
the problem is that the electorate will then get four years of rule by a chancellor , angela merkel , whose commitment to the neo-liberal project is almost as strong as mine .
the problem is that they are in danger of being governed for four years by mr merkel , a chancellor almost as attached to the neoliberal project as i do .
the problem is that they risk being governed for four years by mr merkel , an chancellor who is almost as committed to the neoliberal project as i am .

l&apos; europe va mal , disent-ils , non pas du fait de leur propre échec à mener les réformes structurelles nécessaires , mais parce que les taux sont trop élevés .
europe is doing badly , they argue , not because of their own failure to lead the structural reform process , but because interest rates are too high .
europe is going wrong , not because of their own failure to carry out the necessary structural reforms , but because the rates are too high .
europe is going wrong , not because of their own failure to carry out the necessary structural reforms , but because the rates are too high .

la croissance lente de l&apos; est du pays a fait baisser la moyenne allemande , alors que l&apos; énorme demande de fonds publics ne fait que creuser la dette publique .
the slow growth of the eastern part of the country has pulled down the germany-wide average , while the enormous demand for public funds in the east has increased public debt .
the slow growth of the east of the country has reduced the german average , while the huge demand for public funds only increases public debt .
the slow growth of the east of the country has reduced the german average , while the huge demand for public funds is only increasing public debt .

nous appliquons la constitution russe , mais également les principes de droit international et les normes relatives aux droits de l&apos; homme , parfois même en contradiction avec notre constitution .
the standards we apply are not only those contained in russia &apos;s constitution , but also international legal principles and human rights norms , even if they sometimes contradict our constitution .
we are applying the russian constitution , but also the principles of international law and human rights standards , sometimes even in contradiction with our constitution .
we are applying the russian constitution , but also the principles of international law and human rights standards , sometimes even in contradiction with our constitution .

pour tous les démocrates d&apos; aujourd&apos; hui , le respect le plus complet possible de l&apos; autonomie de l&apos; individu reste , comme le posait thomas jefferson , &quot; évident &quot; .
for contemporary democrats , the fullest possible respect for the autonomous individual is , as thomas jefferson put it , &quot; self-evident . &quot;
for all today &apos;s democrats , the greatest possible respect for the autonomy of the individual remains , as mr thomas jferson said , &apos; obvious &apos; .
for all the democrats today , respect for the most comprehensive possible autonomy of the individual remains , as thomas jimson , &apos; obvious &apos; .

ce manque de prévoyance et de projets concernant les séquelles d&apos; une intervention armée n&apos; est pas seulement dangereux pour le peuple officiellement &quot; sauvé &quot; , c&apos; est aussi contre-productif .
this lack of foresight about and planning for the aftermath of armed intervention is not only dangerous to the people who have ostensibly been &quot; saved &quot; ; it is counterproductive .
this lack of foresight and projects relating to the earthquake of armed intervention is not only dangerous for the official &apos; saved &apos; people , but also counterproductive .
this lack of planning and projects relating to the earthquake which military intervention is not just dangerous for the people officially saved &apos; , it is also counterproductive .

entre-temps , astbury alla s&apos; établir à leeds en 1928 , d&apos; où il commença également à travailler sur les acides aminés et les protéines .
astbury , meanwhile , moved to leeds in 1928 , where he also began working on amino acids and proteins .
in the meantime , astbury aly is to be established in the 1928 , where it is also beginning to work on the acid acid and protein acids .
in the meantime , astbury bury has been set up in 1928 , in which he is also starting to work on the acid acids and protein .

ses problèmes remontent à l&apos; époque du communisme , quand le syndicat solidarité est devenu le principal mouvement d&apos; opposition aux communistes , alors que les syndicats sont en général à gauche .
its problems originate in the communist era , when a trade union movement , which under normal circumstances should stand to the political left , became the main anti-communist opposition .
its problems go back to the time of communism , when the solidarity trade union became the main opposition movement in communist , whereas trade unions are generally on the left .
its problems go back to communism when the solidarity trade union became the main opposition movement in the communists , while trade unions are generally left in the left .

en fait , on considère les démocraties à participation publique comme des méta-institutions qui permettent de faire un choix dans le « menu » des dispositions institutionnelles de chaque domaine .
in fact , we can think of participatory democracy as a meta-institution that helps select among the &quot; menu &quot; of possible institutional arrangements in each area .
in fact , democracies are considered to be public participation as mega-institutions that make it possible to make a choice in the &apos; menu &apos; of the institutional provisions of each area .
in fact , we consider democracies to be involved in public participation as metal institutions , which allow us to make a choice in the &apos; menu &apos; of institutional provisions in each area .

la même chose sera valable pour le choix qui sera fait de la meilleure manière de résoudre le problème des changements climatiques provoqués par l&apos; homme -- un autre de ces problèmes planétaires apparemment insolubles .
the same will be true of how the world best addresses manmade climate change -- another of those seemingly intractable global problems .
the same thing will be valid for the choice that will be made in the best way to solve the problem of climate change caused by man - another of these apparently uneasy global problems .
the same thing will be good for the choice that will be made in the best way of resolving the problem of climate change caused by man - another of these apparently unquestionable global problems .

mais , principalement , quand les revenus des ménages chutent , les dépenses sociales du gouvernement augmentent , déclenchant la reprise de la demande , de la production , de l&apos; investissement et de l&apos; emploi .
but , more importantly , when private incomes fall , government social-welfare expenditures rise , sparking a recovery in demand , output , investment , and employment .
but , mainly when the income of households falls , social expenditure in the government is increasing , causing the recovery of demand , production , investment and employment .
but , above all , when the incomes of households fall , the social expenditure of the government is increasing , leading to the resumption of demand , production , investment and employment .

cette convertibilité affectera non seulement le développement économique de l&apos; inde , mais donnera une leçon de choses à la chine qui réfléchit à la convertibilité dans les années à venir .
how it goes about this will not only effect india &apos;s economic development , but provide object lessons for china as it ponders convertibility in the years ahead .
this convertibility will affect not only india &apos;s economic development , but will give a lesson to china , which is thinking about converting it in the coming years .
this conversion will affect not only india &apos;s economic development , but will give a lesson to china , which is thinking of converging in the coming years .

si le président bush , comme il l&apos; a mentionné , œuvre maintenant en faveur d&apos; une nouvelle formule , il faudra même encore plus de temps pour développer l&apos; architecture et concevoir un programme d&apos; essai .
if president bush , as he has hinted , now favors a different design , it will take even more time to develop the architecture and devise a test program .
if president bush , as he mentioned , is now working in favour of a new formula , there will be even more time to develop the architecture and develop a test programme .
if president bush , as he mentioned , is now being implemented in favour of a new formula , it will have even more time to develop the architecture and develop a test programme .

ces jugements varient , selon qu&apos; ils sont émis par une entreprise pharmaceutique , qui attend des bénéfices de ses ventes , ou par un patient qui risque de pâtir d&apos; un effet secondaire grave .
these judgments vary , depending on whether they are made by a drug company , which stands to benefit from sales , or a patient at risk of suffering a serious adverse effect .
these judgments vary , according to which they are issued by a pharmaceutical company , which expects the profits of its sales , or by a patient who is in danger of suffering a serious secondary effect .
these judgments vary , according to the fact that they are issued by a pharmaceutical company , which is waiting for the profits of its sales , or by a patient who may suffer from a serious secondary effect .

une vision optimiste est que tant que ceux qui vendent de l&apos; expertise rivalisent énergiquement pour capter l&apos; attention des sagaces acheteurs ( les médias ) , les mécanismes du marché assureront le contrôle de la qualité .
the sanguine view is that as long as those selling expertise compete vigorously for the attention of discriminating buyers ( the mass media ) , market mechanisms will assure quality control .
a optimistic view is that , as long as those who sell the expertise are vigorously competing to take the attention of the bubble ( the media ) , market mechanisms will ensure quality control .
a optimistic vision is that , as long as those who sell expertise strongly compete in order to take the attention of the purchasers ( media ) , market mechanisms will ensure quality control .

en tant que médiateur au kosovo nommé par les nations-unies ces cinq dernières années , j&apos; ai eu l&apos; occasion unique d&apos; observer les effets de cette doctrine après l&apos; intervention de l&apos; otan dans l&apos; ancienne yougoslavie en 1999 .
as the united nations-appointed ombudsperson in kosovo for the past five years , i have had the unique opportunity to observe the aftereffects of that doctrine following nato &apos;s intervention in the former yugoslavia in 1999 .
as mediator in kosovo appointed by the nations-five years , i have had the unique opportunity to observe the effects of this doctrine after nato intervention in the former yugoslavia in 1999 .
as a mediator in kosovo appointed by the united nations over the last five years , i had the unique opportunity to observe the effects of this doctrine after nato &apos;s intervention in former yugoslavia in 1999 .

dans un monde à la recherche de leaders providentiels , le cas d&apos; ariel sharon est symbolique et paradoxal , car cet homme universel reste l&apos; une des figures les plus controversées de ces dernières décennies .
in a world searching for providential leaders , the case of ariel sharon is both symbolic and paradoxical , for this universal man remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades .
the case of ariel sharon is symbolic and paradoxical , because this universal man remains one of the most controversial figures in recent decades .
the case of ariel sharon is symbolic and paradoxical , because this universal man remains one of the most controversial figures in recent decades .

il est maintenant temps de commencer à s&apos; interroger sur le point suivant : comment amener toutes les nations , y compris les grands émetteurs , à débattre des actions à entreprendre après l&apos; expiration du traité en 2012 ?
now is the time to start thinking about how to engage all nations , including large emitters , in conversations about what to do after the treaty &apos;s expiration in 2012 .
it is now time to start thinking about the following : how can all nations , including the large emitters , discuss actions to be taken after the treaty was completed in 2012 ?
it is now time to start asking about the following point : how can all the nations , including the big authorities , be able to discuss the actions to be taken after the expiry of the treaty in 2012 ?

en irak , les etats-unis ont utilisé la force en dernier recours contre un pays ayant un lourd passé d&apos; agressions , et après qu&apos; un fort consensus international se soit développé sur les actions que devait entreprendre l&apos; irak .
in iraq , the us used force as a last resort , against a country with a clear record of aggression , and after a large degree of international consensus had developed about what iraq needed to do .
the united states , in iraq , used the last force against a country with a great deal of aggression , and after a strong international consensus has developed on the actions that iraq should take .
in iraq , the united states has used the last force against a country with a heavy attack , and after a strong international consensus has developed on the actions that iraq should take .

en 1989 , quand les régimes communistes se sont écroulés , les partis communistes de pologne et de hongrie se sont transformés en partis de gauche , démocratiques et crédibles . ils ont ainsi pu s&apos; opposer efficacement aux partis de droite qui se créaient .
when the communist regimes collapsed in 1989 , the communist parties of poland and hungary transformed themselves into credible democratic-left parties that became formidable opponents of the newly emerging political right .
in 1989 , when communist regimes collapsed , the communist parties in poland and hungary turned into the left , democratic and credible parties , so they were able to effectively oppose the right parties that created themselves .
in 1989 , when the communist regimes came out , the communist parties in poland and hungary have processed themselves in the left , democratic and credible parties , so they were able to oppose the right parties effectively .

au même moment , la bce n&apos; a pas besoin d&apos; aller aussi loin que la réserve fédérale , qui a relevé ses taux directeurs par incrément de 25 points de base durant 12 réunions consécutives , et d&apos; autres relèvements sont à prévoir .
at the same time , the ecb does not need to go nearly as far as the fed , which has raised interest rates in increments of 25 basis points at 12 consecutive meetings , with still more to come .
at the same time , the ecb does not need to go as far as the federal reserve , which has raised its leading rates with 25 basic points during 12 subsequent meetings , and others are to be provided .
at the same time , the ecb does not need to go as far as the federal reserve , which has raised its head rates with 25 basic points during 12 subsequent meetings , and others are to be provided .

bernal s&apos; intéressa d&apos; abord à la structure atomique des cristaux , des métaux et des minéraux , puis des hormones et des stérols , et de certains acides aminés , les composantes des protéines .
bernal &apos;s main scientific interest was initially the atomic structure of crystals , metals , and minerals , then of hormones and sterols--and of some amino acids , the building blocks of proteins .
mr bernal is primarily interested in the atomic structure of rates , metals and minerals , and then hormones and eroding , and some of the acidious acids , protein components .
firstly , it is interested in the atomic structure of rates , metals and minerals and minerals , then hormones and erogenetics , and some of the acid acids , protein components .

bernal et dorothy crowfoot ( hodgkin après son mariage ) obtinrent des schémas de cristaux secs , tout comme astbury , avec des résultats pareillement décevants .
bernal and dorothy crowfoot ( later hodgkin ) obtained patterns of the dry crystals , as astbury had , and with similarly disappointing results .
mr bernal and mr dorothy has to do with the fact that , after his marriage , mr hodgas was born , there are insane rates , like astbury , with such disappointing results .
mr berbernal and mr rothy , who was held after his marriage , has been able to get a system of sects , just like astbury , with such disappointing results .

la deuxième avancée majeure eut lieu quelques mois plus tard , lorsque max perutz découvrit une technique visant à déterminer les structures de grandes molécules comme la myoglobine et l&apos; hémoglobine .
a second major advance came a few months later , when max perutz discovered a technique to determine the structures of large molecules like myoglobin and hemoglobin .
the second major step would take place a few months later , when max perutz found a technical finding to determine the structures of great motherhood such as myoine and the globalised modeline .
the second major step forward would take place a few months later , when max perutz found a technical approach to determining the structures of major starch such as the myoin and the globalised mood .

les banques centrales indépendantes peuvent quelquefois représenter une gêne pour les politiciens , mais au moins , elles peuvent servir de boucs émissaires lorsque cela s&apos; avère nécessaire , un rôle dont les avantages politiques l&apos; emportent sur les coûts de la perte de contrôle sur un outil utile .
independent central banks can occasionally be a pain for politicians , but at least they can be used as scapegoats when necessary-a role whose political benefits outweigh the costs of losing control over a useful tool .
independent central banks can once again represent a genoa for politicians , but at least they can serve as a scapegoat when it is necessary , a role whose political advantages take over the costs of the loss of control over a useful tool .
independent central banks can sometimes represent an embarrassment for politicians , but at least they can serve as a scapegoat when necessary , a role which has the political benefits of the loss of control over a useful tool .

au cours des trois prochaines semaines , l&apos; armée israélienne va se livrer à un exercice sans précédent : au lieu de défendre le pays contre des ennemis extérieurs ou des terroristes , elle va faire évacuer , par la force s&apos; il le faut , 9 000 israéliens de leurs foyers .
in the next three weeks , the israeli army will do something unprecedented : instead of defending the country against external enemies or terrorism , it will evacuate -- by force if necessary -- 9,000 israelis from their homes .
during the next three weeks , the israeli army will be carrying out an unprecedented exercise : instead of defending the country from external enemies or terrorists , it is going to evade , by force , 9 000 israelis from their homes .
during the next three weeks , the israeli army is going to carry out an unprecedented exercise : instead of defending the country against external enemies or terrorists , it is going to evade , through force , 9 000 israelis of their homes .

ce débat n&apos; a pas eu lieu aux etats-unis , malgré les velléités du début de l&apos; ère clinton ; il n&apos; a eu qu&apos; un début de réponse au royaume-uni et en allemagne avec la troisième voie de blair et la variante qu&apos; en a donné schröder .
this debate has not happened in the us , despite vague attempts at the beginning of the first clinton administration ; it has barely begun with tony blair &apos;s &quot; third way &quot; in the uk , or with gerhard schröder &apos;s variant in germany .
this debate did not take place in the united states , despite the tenacity of the beginning of the clinton era ; it only had a start in the united kingdom and in germany with the third route of blair and the variant that was given by schröder .
this debate did not take place in the united states , despite the attempts at the beginning of the clinton era ; it had only a start of response to the united kingdom and germany with the third way of blair and the variance that has given schröder .

traditionnellement , les démocraties sociales européennes préfèrent répartir les biens et les services rares comme les concerts et les opéras selon un système de queues ( financé par d&apos; énormes subventions afin de garder des prix bas ) plutôt que par la volonté de chacun de payer .
traditionally , europe &apos;s social democracies have preferred allocating scarce goods and services like concerts and operas by queues ( financed by huge subsidies to keep prices low ) rather than by willingness to pay .
traditionally , european social democracies prefer to distribute rare goods and services such as concerted and procedures according to a system of queums ( financed by huge subsidies to keep low prices ) rather than by everyone &apos;s desire to pay .
traditionally , european social democracies prefer to distribute rare goods and services as concerted and works according to a system of catch ( financed by huge subsidies in order to maintain low prices ) rather than by the will of everyone to pay .

chaque jour , les experts nous bombardent de leurs points de vue sur des sujets aussi variés que les insurgés irakiens , les cultivateurs de coca boliviens , les banquiers centraux européens et le politburo de corée du nord .
every day , experts bombard us with their views on topics as varied as iraqi insurgents , bolivian coca growers , european central bankers , and north korea &apos;s politburo .
every day , experts bombings us from their views on issues as diverse as the iraqi insurgency , coolca bolivia growers , the central european bankers and the buro of north korea .
every day , the experts are bombing us from their views on such diverse issues as the iraqi insurgent , coolca growers , the central bankers of europe and north korea .

parmi eux figuraient deux nouveaux diplômés de cambridge , william astbury et john desmond bernal , qui s&apos; intéressèrent au problème de la structure protéique , astbury suite à la demande de bragg de lui fournir des schémas radiographiques de la laine et de la soie .
among them were two recent cambridge graduates , william astbury and john desmond bernal , who became interested in the problem of protein structure--astbury as a result of being asked by bragg to provide x-ray diagrams of wool and silk .
there were two new diplomas , william bury bury and john desmond bernal , who were interested in the problem of the protein structure , astbury , following the request from bragg to provide him with radiological riots of laine and soie .
among them were two new qualifications of cambridge , william bury and john desmond bernal , who are interested in the problem of the protein structure , astbury , following the request of braggg to provide it with radioactive schas of lain and soy .

il ne sera toutefois sans doute pas aussi élevé que celui payé par la france un siècle et demi auparavant , lorsque louis napoléon , élu au suffrage universel , s&apos; est transformé , par le biais d&apos; un référendum excessivement populaire , en napoléon iii , ce vote étant le dernier en france jusqu&apos; à la fin du second empire .
they may not pay as heavy a price as france a century and a half ago , when the popularly elected louis napoleon transformed himself , via a wildly popular referendum , into napoleon iii--that vote being the last the french would enjoy until the end of the second empire .
however , it will probably not be as high as that paid by france a century and a half ago , when louis napoon , elected to universal suffrage , turned into an excessively popular referendum , in napoon iii , as the last vote in france until the end of the second empire .
however , it will certainly not be as high as the one paid by france a century and a half ago , when at the end of the day , he was elected by universal suffrage , turned into an excessively popular referendum , in napoon iii , which was the last vote in france until the end of the second empire .

c&apos; est un moment opportun : alors que l&apos; attention d&apos; une grande partie du monde est concentrée sur les questions d&apos; énergie , d&apos; approvisionnement et de sécurité , des centaines de millions de personnes , dans les pays en développement , considèrent toujours l&apos; approvisionnement en eau fraîche comme tout aussi important , si ce n&apos; est plus .
it is an opportune moment : while much of the world &apos;s attention has been fixed on issues of energy supply and security , hundreds of millions of people in the developing world continue to see the supply and security of fresh water as equally , if not more , important .
it is a good moment : while the attention of a large part of the world is focused on energy , supply and security issues , hundreds of millions of people in developing countries still consider the supply of fresh water as just as important if it is no longer .
it is a timely moment : while the attention of a large part of the world has focused on energy , supply and security issues , hundreds of millions of people , in developing countries , still regard the supply of fresh water as equally important , if it is no longer .

même les politiques de substitution des importations , aujourd&apos; hui vivement critiquées , furent adoptées à l&apos; origine par les pays en développement pour de bonnes ( et de mauvaises ) raisons : la fermeture protectionniste des marchés des pays développés lors de la grande dépression eut des conséquences désastreuses sur les économies des pays en développement .
even the import-substitution policies , now universally scorned , were originally adopted by the developing world for good ( as well as bad ) reasons : the protectionist shutting-off of developed-country markets during the great depression which had disastrous consequences for the developing economies .
the same applies to the alternative import policies , which have been strongly criticised today , were adopted by developing countries for good reasons ( and bad ) : the protectionist closure of the markets of developed countries during the great pressure would have disastrous consequences for the economies of developing countries .
today , as well as the substitution policies of imports , which were strongly criticised , were originally adopted by developing countries for good and bad reasons : the protectionist closure of the markets of developed countries during the great pressure would have disastrous consequences on the economies of developing countries .

avec la convertibilité du compte de capital , le cours du change de la roupie sera déterminé davantage par les flux de capitaux que par les écarts d&apos; inflation , étant donné que le taux d&apos; inflation de l&apos; inde correspond plus ou moins à la moyenne de 3 % de l&apos; ocde .
with capital-account convertibility , the rupee &apos;s exchange rate will be determined more by capital flows than by inflation differentials , as india &apos;s inflation rate remains broadly in line with the oecd average of around 3 % .
the exchange of the wheel will be determined more by the flow of capital than by inflation , given that india &apos;s inflation rate is more or less at the average of 3 % of the oecd .
the exchange rate of the wheel will be determined more by capital flows than by inflation differences , given that india &apos;s inflation rate corresponds more or less to the average of 3 % of the oecd .

depuis l&apos; élection qui a amené au pouvoir la coalition des partis de wolfgang schüssel et de jorg haider à vienne , les relations de l&apos; autriche avec la république tchèque voisine se sont détériorées sur deux points : l&apos; exigence que les tchèques ferment la centrale nucléaire de temelin sur la frontière autrichienne et révoquent les décrets de benes dans le cadre duquel les allemands de sudeten ont été déportés de la république tchèque et se sont installés massivement en bavière mais également en autriche .
since the election that brought the coalition of wolfgang schüssel &apos;s and jorg haider &apos;s parties to power in vienna , austria &apos;s relations with the <<unk>> boring czech republic have deteriorated over two issues : a demand that the czechs shutdown the temelin nuclear power plant on the austrian border , and revoke the benes decrees in which sudeten germans were deported from czechoslovakia and settled massively in bavaria but also in austria .
since the election which led to the coalition of the political parties of the wolfgang schüssel and jorg in vienna , austria &apos;s relations with the neighbouring czech republic have deteriorated on two points : the requirement that the czechs &apos; nuclear power plant on the austrian border and revoting the benes decrees in which the german meps have been deported from the czech republic , and have set themselves in large numbers , but also in austria .
since the election that has led to the coalition of the fgang ’ s parties and jorg hg in vienna , austria &apos;s relations with the neighbouring czech republic have deteriorated on two points : the requirement that the czechn nuclear power plant be closed on the austrian border and revote the benes of benes in which the germans in the czech republic have been detained and have been heavily established in the czech republic , but also in austria .

tandis que la répression qui suivit ces semaines grisantes de liberté d&apos; expression et de réunion atteignait son summum apocalyptique lors de la nuit du 3 au 4 juin , zhao disparut , avalé par le trou de mémoire du parti où tant d&apos; autres dirigeants avaient fini depuis la « libération socialiste » de la chine .
as the crackdown following those heady weeks of free expression and assembly came to its apocalyptic end on the night of june 3-4 , zhao vanished , sucked down the party &apos;s memory hole into which so many other leaders have vanished since china &apos;s &quot; socialist liberation . &quot;
while the repression following these weeks of freedom of expression and meeting reached its apocalyptic at the night of 3 june , hao missing , uaved by the laalt of the party in which so many other leaders have ended up from the socialist release of china since the socialist release of china .
while the repression that followed these weeks of freedom of expression and at the night of 3 to 4 june hat , alt alu alu , the repression of the memory of the united kingdom , in which so many other leaders had since the &apos; socialist release &apos; of china had been followed by the night of 3 to 3 to 3 to 4 june hat hat alt zut , almised by the united kingdom of memory , where so many other leaders had been the &apos; socialist &apos; of china &apos; .

