mais les coûts ne s&apos; arrêtent pas là .
but the costs don &apos;t stop there .
but the costs do not stop there .
but the costs do not stop there .

l&apos; irak possède des armes de destruction massive .
iraq possesses weapons of mass destruction ;
iraq has weapons of mass destruction .
iraq has weapons of mass destruction .

« je suis arrivé trop tard . »
&quot; i have come too late . &quot;
i arrived too late . &apos;
&apos; i came too late &apos; .

quel avenir pour l&apos; europe ?
what next for europe ?
what future for europe ?
what future for europe ?

devinez pourquoi .
guess why .
why do you not have to do so ?
why .

ce n&apos; est qu&apos; à ce moment-là que je pourrai donner mon avis .
only then will i be able to express an opinion .
only then will i be able to give my opinion .
only then will i be able to give my opinion .

mais devons-nous faire autre chose maintenant et au cours de la prochaine décennie ?
but should we be doing anything else now and in the next decade ?
but do we need to do something more now and in the next decade ?
but do we have to do something more now and during the next decade ?

trouver ce qui fonctionne dans un pays quelconque implique une certaine expérimentation .
discovering what works in any one country requires experimentation .
finding what works in any country means a certain amount of testing .
finding what works in any country means a certain testing .

les optimistes diront que la technologie permettra de résoudre ces problèmes .
optimists say that technology will solve the problem .
optimism will mean that technology will solve these problems .
the optimism will say that technology will help solve these problems .

pour cela , l&apos; attitude de la bce va devoir changer .
but this will require a shift in the ecb &apos;s attitude .
that is why the ecb &apos;s attitude will have to change .
for this reason , the ecb &apos;s attitude will have to change .

ce siècle lance désormais un défi aux espoirs d&apos; un nouvel ordre mondial sur de nouveaux plans .
this century now challenges the hopes for a new world order in new ways .
this century is now facing a challenge to the hopes of a new world order on new plans .
this century is now facing a challenge to the hopes of a new global order on new plans .

adopter cette approche ne veut pas dire abandonner une pensée économique standard , loin de là .
adopting this approach does not mean abandoning mainstream economics--far from it .
to adopt this approach does not mean abandoning standard economic thinking , far from that .
adopting this approach does not mean abandoning standard economic thinking , far from that .

deux années auparavant , les etats-unis avaient prédit un excédent budgétaire sur de longues années .
two years ago , the us predicted budget surpluses as far as the eye could see .
two years ago , the united states stated a budget surplus over many years .
two years ago , the united states had warned a budgetary surplus over many years .

il est difficile de fournir une liste complète et appropriée des effets nocifs des médicaments .
proper and complete documentation of harmful drug effects is difficult .
it is difficult to provide a full and appropriate list of the harmful effects of medicines .
it is difficult to provide a comprehensive and appropriate list of the harmful effects of medicines .

le quatrième argument sera utilisé à l&apos; envie par la propagande des deux camps .
the fourth claim will be subject to wild propaganda on both sides .
the fourth argument will be used for propaganda by both sides .
the fourth argument will be used by the propaganda of both sides .

peu importe que ces troupes permettent d&apos; appliquer les exigences de l&apos; onu .
it does not seem to matter that such troops are being used to enforce the un &apos;s own demands .
it is not important that these troops allow us to apply the un requirements .
it is not important that these troops make it possible to apply the un requirements .

khodorkovsky n&apos; aurait peut-être pas tant d&apos; ennuis si de telles lois existaient .
khodorkovsky might not be in as much trouble if such precise laws existed .
khodorkovsky might not have been so angry if such laws existed .
khodorkovsky would perhaps not have so harsh if such laws existed .

elles sont particulièrement difficiles si nous considérons la culture comme le ciment du futur de l&apos; europe .
they are particularly difficult if we see culture as the cement of europe &apos;s future .
they are particularly difficult if we regard culture as the icking of the future of europe .
they are particularly difficult if we look at culture as the future of europe .

plutôt que de lancer une révolution , m. chávez ne récite qu&apos; une rhétorique enflammée .
rather than initiating a revolution , chávez merely spouts fiery rhetoric .
rather than launching a revolution , mr chávez is calling for a torn rhetoric .
rather than launching a revolution , mr chávez only calls for a crazy rhetoric .

le système international a d&apos; ailleurs rapidement adopté ( et transformé ) cette notion et plusieurs interventions humanitaires
the international system rather quickly adopted ( and transformed ) this notion , and numerous humanitarian
moreover , the international system has quickly adopted ( and transformed ) this concept and several humanitarian interventions .
the international system has , moreover , quickly adopted ( and transformation ) this concept and several humanitarian interventions .

la russie menace de tous les déchirer si les etats-unis quittent le traité abm .
russia threatens to scrap all of them once the us leaves the abm-treaty .
russia is threatening all them if the united states leave the abm treaty .
russia threatens all of them to degate if the united states leave the abm treaty .

en effet , les disponibilités en devises de l&apos; inde se sont considérablement accrues au cours de la dernière décennie .
indeed , india &apos;s external liquidity position has strengthened dramatically in the past decade .
indeed , india &apos;s currencies have increased considerably over the last decade .
indeed , india &apos;s currencies have increased considerably over the last decade .

les restrictions juridiques sur l&apos; intervention humanitaire sont nécessaires car les dictateurs l&apos; utilisent trop souvent pour justifier une agression criminelle .
legal restraints on humanitarian intervention are necessary because dictators too often use it to justify criminal aggression .
legal restrictions on humanitarian intervention are necessary because dictators use it too often to justify criminal aggression .
legal restrictions on humanitarian intervention are necessary because dictators use it too often to justify criminal aggression .

en réalité , il n&apos; y a pas de grand organisateur ou de financeur des activités terroristes .
in fact , there is now no master planner or funder of terrorist activities .
in fact , there is no great organisational or finance of terrorist activities .
in fact , there is no great organisation or finance for terrorist activities .

l&apos; armée et la police ont mobilisé presque 50 000 soldats pour mener à bien les évictions .
the army and the police have mobilized almost 50,000 troops to carry out evictions .
the army and the police have mobilised almost 50 000 soldiers to carry out the vicinity .
the army and the police have mobilised almost 50 000 soldiers to carry out the vicinity .

l&apos; inde a besoin d&apos; ide plus importants pour absorber la capacité excédentaire de son économie .
india needs to attract higher fdi inflows to help soak up the economy &apos;s excess capacity .
india needs more important to absorb the surplus capacity of its economy .
india needs to be more valuable in order to absorb the surplus capacity of its economy .

il est ainsi difficile pour les européens de comprendre pourquoi les plans pour une intégration européenne plus proche sont considérés comme anti-américains .
so it is hard for europeans to understand why plans for closer european integration should be seen as anti-american .
it is therefore difficult for europeans to understand why plans for closer european integration are regarded as anti-american .
it is therefore difficult for europeans to understand why the plans for closer european integration are regarded as anti-american .

nombre de groupes d&apos; immigrants en europe se trouvent eux-mêmes rejetés par leurs communautés du fait de l&apos; impossible intégration sociale et économique .
many immigrant groups in europe find themselves flung back on their own communities by the impossibility of social and economic integration .
many groups of immigrants in europe are themselves rejected by their communities as a result of the impossible social and economic integration .
many groups of immigrants in europe are themselves rejected by their communities because of the impossible social and economic integration .

la taxation oblige les individus à ressentir les dégâts qu&apos; ils causent là où ça fait mal -- au porte-monnaie .
taxation makes individuals feel in their wallets the destruction they are causing .
taxation obliges individuals to feel the damage they cause where it is bad - to the currency .
taxation obliges individuals to feel the damage they cause where it is bad - to the currency .

rien qu&apos; aux états-unis , on estime que chaque année les effets secondaires sont responsables de la mort de 100 000 patients .
in the united states alone , it is estimated that every year up to 100,000 patients die due to serious adverse drug reactions ( adr &apos;s ) .
in the united states alone , it is estimated that every year the secondary effects are responsible for the death of 100 000 patients .
in the united states alone , it is estimated that every year the secondary effects are responsible for the death of 100 000 patients .

faute de quoi l&apos; ue manquerait à ses engagements politiques et ébranlerait sérieusement sa crédibilité dans le monde .
not to do so would mean to renege on political commitments and to severely damage the eu &apos;s credibility in the world .
otherwise , the eu would lack its political commitments and seriously undermine its credibility in the world .
otherwise , the eu would lack its political commitments and seriously undermine its credibility in the world .

il est surtout un nationaliste irréfléchi qui vit dans la crainte de la sournoise presse tabloïde de son pays .
he is merely an unthinking nationalist , living in terror of the nationalist yellow tabloid press .
it is , above all , an unthought nationalistic that lives in the fear of the phony press blown from his country .
above all , it is an unconsidered nationalistic nationalistic who live in the fear of the tablown press of his country .

aujourd&apos; hui , certains politiciens souhaitent tirer profit du désir de l&apos; europe de l&apos; est pour reprendre des problèmes historiques à leur avantage politique .
today , some politicians want to capitalize on eastern europe &apos;s desire to be part of europe to reopen historical issues to their political advantage .
today , some politicians want to benefit from the desire of eastern europe to resume historical problems to their political advantage .
today , some politicians want to take advantage of the desire of eastern europe to resume historical problems for their political advantage .

mais orban n&apos; est pas le seul à voir un avantage électoral dans l&apos; évocation des souvenirs d&apos; anciens fantômes .
but orban is not alone in seeing electoral advantage in summoning the memories of old ghosts .
but orban is not the only one to see an electoral advantage in referring to the memories of old fanatics .
but orban is not the only one to see an electoral advantage in the reference to the memories of former fanatics .

la stabilité des cours du change constitue le point d&apos; ancrage majeur lorsque le processus de réforme d&apos; un pays a commencé .
exchange rate stability is the key anchor when a country &apos;s reform process is underway .
the stability of exchange rates is the key point when the process of reforming a country began .
the stability of exchange prices is the key point when the reform process of a country began .

avec 35 % maximum des voix , la coalition &quot; rouge vert &quot; de schrã <unk> der aurait couru ã sa perte .
with no more than 35 % of the vote , schröder &apos;s &quot; red-green &quot; coalition would have suffered a disaster .
with 35 % of the vote as much as 35 % as possible , the &apos; green &apos; coalition of schrrder &apos; would have lost its loss .
as much as 35 % of the votes , the &apos; green &apos; coalition of schrder &apos; would have used its loss .

le paradoxe ici vient de ce que m. chávez donna l&apos; exemple plus tôt de ce qui pourrait être la solution de l&apos; impasse d&apos; aujourd&apos; hui .
the paradox here is that chávez &apos;s earlier example may provide the solution to today &apos;s standoff .
the paradox here comes from what mr chávez has set an example earlier of what could be the solution of today &apos;s deadlock .
the paradox here has come from what mr chávez has the example earlier of what could be the solution of today &apos;s deadlock .

la réponse de certains pays de la région fut réellement impressionnante , montrant le chemin parcouru dans la mise en place de gouvernements efficaces et effectifs .
the response of some countries within the region was truly impressive , showing how far they had come in establishing efficient and effective governments .
the answer from some countries in the region was truly impressive , showing the way forward in the establishment of effective and effective governments .
the answer of some countries in the region was truly impressive , showing the path that has been made in the establishment of effective and effective governments .

des dizaines de milliers de patients innocents , peut-être davantage , ont souffert de ces effets secondaires avant le retrait des deux premiers médicaments de cette classe .
tens of thousands of innocent patients -- perhaps more -- suffered such adr &apos;s before the first two drugs of this class were withdrawn .
tens of thousands of innocent patients , perhaps more , suffered from these secondary effects before the withdrawal of the first two medicines of this class .
tens of thousands of innocent patients , perhaps more , suffered these secondary effects before the withdrawal of the first two medicines from this class .

il faut également utiliser la politique du bâton pour s&apos; assurer que ces motivations n&apos; accaparent pas des investissements inutiles ou peu productifs .
in turn , the stick is needed to ensure that these incentives do not lock in unproductive and wasteful investments .
we also need to use the stick policy to ensure that these grounds do not make unnecessary or unproductive investments .
we also need to use the policy of the stick to ensure that these reasons do not involve unnecessary or unproductive investments .

mais l&apos; absence d&apos; une opposition forte a favorisé la déliquescence de la droite qui s&apos; est divisée et a perdu un langage commun .
however , lack of a strong opposition corrupted the political right , which splintered into various groupings that cannot find a common language .
but the absence of a strong opposition has encouraged the lack of the right that has been divided and lost a common language .
but the absence of a strong opposition has encouraged the inadequacy of the right that has divided and lost a common language .

la libéralisation du secteur financier international , par exemple , a sapé l&apos; utilisation de subventions de développement plus inclusives et mieux ciblées pour promouvoir les activités économiques .
international financial liberalization , for example , has undermined the use of more inclusive and targeted developmental credit to promote desired economic activities .
the liberalisation of the international financial sector , for example , has undermined the use of more inclusive and targeted development subsidies to promote economic activities .
the liberalisation of the international financial sector , for example , has undermined the use of more inclusive and more targeted development subsidies to promote economic activities .

pourquoi , par exemple , ne pas confier à une bureaucratie indépendante quelques objectifs de redistribution ou un contrôle sur le niveau d&apos; investissement public ou de gestion des déficits ?
why not , for example , entrust an independent bureaucracy with some redistributive goals or control over the level of public investment or deficit management ?
why , for example , do not give independent bureaucracy a few objectives of redistribution or control over the level of public investment or the management of deficits ?
why , for example , do not give independent bureaucracy a few objectives of redistribution or control over the level of public investment or the management of deficits ?

la question principale que pose le nmd n&apos; est pas comment se préparer à un monde de défense antimissiles mais comment apaiser les inquiétudes politiques actuelles .
the main question nmd poses is not how to prepare for a future world of missile defense but how to dampen today &apos;s political concerns .
the main question posed by the nmd is not how to prepare for an anti-missile defence world , but how to alleviate current political concerns .
the main issue raised by the nmd is not how to prepare for an anti-missile defence world but how to reduce current political concerns .

une telle politique impliquerait de s&apos; engager à augmenter considérablement les dépenses de recherche et de développement , comme l&apos; ont fait les pays asiatiques en voie de développement .
such a policy would entail committing to a major increase in spending on research and development , as asian developing countries have done .
such a policy would mean a commitment to significantly increase research and development expenditure , as the asian developing countries have done .
such a policy would mean a commitment to significantly increase research and development expenditure , as the asian developing countries have done .

le monde étant devenu une scène internationale , le rôle des médias dans l&apos; alimentation de cet appétit pour les leaders providentiels est essentiel .
with the world becoming a global stage , the media &apos;s role in fueling the appetite for providential leaders is essential .
as the world has become an international stage , the role of the media in food for the prudential leaders is essential .
as the world has become an international stage , the role of the media in the food of this apt for the contracting leaders is essential .

pendant longtemps , ces questions n&apos; ont présenté aucune urgence , en partie parce que les valeurs de base de la démocratie étaient moins abstraites qu&apos; elles ne le semblent aujourd&apos; hui .
such questions were never so urgent in the past , partly because fundamental democratic values were less abstract than they seem nowadays .
for a long time , these issues have not presented any urgency , partly because the basic values of democracy are less abstract than they seem to be today .
for a long time , these issues have not presented any urgency , partly because the basic values of democracy were less abstract than they appear today .

en irak , depuis la chute de bagdad le 9 avril 2003 , damas a fait preuve d&apos; une nostalgie déplacée à l&apos; égard de l&apos; ancien système .
in iraq , since the fall of baghdad on april 9 , 2003 , damascus has shown undue nostalgia for the old system .
in iraq , since the fall of baghdad on 9 april 2003 , damas was shown by a nostalgia moving towards the old system .
in iraq , since the fall in baghdad on 9 april 2003 , damas showed a nostalemate in relation to the old system .

au cours des dix dernières années , l&apos; allemagne a connu la croissance économique la plus lente de l&apos; union européenne , et l&apos; europe la croissance la plus lente du monde .
over the last decade , germany has been the slowest growing economy in the european union , and europe has been the slowest growing continent in the world .
over the last ten years , germany has experienced the most slow economic growth in the european union , and europe is the most slow growth in the world .
over the last ten years , germany has experienced the most slow economic growth in the european union , and europe is the most slow growth in the world .

l&apos; idéalisme messianique qui a délivré l&apos; europe du nazisme et a protégé l&apos; europe occidentale du communisme est désormais dirigé vers d&apos; autres ennemis .
the messianic idealism that liberated europe from nazism and protected western europe from communism is now directed at other enemies .
idealism that has issued the europe of nazism and protected the western europe of communism is now directed towards other enemies .
the petty idealism that has issued the europe of nazism and protected the western europe of communism is now being led to other enemies .

le nouveau gouvernement que les électeurs vont probablement choisir en septembre sera confronté à la difficile tâche de mettre les allemands face à la réalité et d&apos; introduire les réformes nécessaires .
the new government that voters will most likely elect in september will be confronted with the difficult task of confronting germans with reality and pushing through the necessary reforms .
the new government that voters will probably choose in september will be faced with the difficult task of putting the germans in the face of reality and introducing the necessary reforms .
the new government that voters will probably choose in september will be faced with the difficult task of putting the germans face the reality and introducing the necessary reforms .

c&apos; est la raison pour laquelle ils sont obligés de prendre les mesures les plus douloureuses lors de leur première année de mandat pour ensuite se radoucir à l&apos; approche des élections suivantes .
this is why they should commit their cruelest deeds in the first year and soften up as the next election approaches .
that is why they are obliged to take the most painful measures during their first year of office so that they can then get back to the next elections .
it is for that reason that they are obliged to take the most painful measures during their first year of mandate , and then to take some doubt about the following elections .

mais la période qui a suivi la guerre dans la plupart des pays développés a été une ère de prospérité sans précédent pour la génération du baby boom qui approche maintenant de la retraite .
but the post-war era in the world &apos;s most developed countries was one of unprecedented prosperity for the baby boom generation , which is now nearing retirement .
but the period that followed the war in most developed countries has been an unprecedented era of prosperity for the generation of boom which is now approaching retirement .
but the period following the war in most developed countries has been an unprecedented era of prosperity for the generation of boom which is now an approach to retirement .

l&apos; administration bush utilise toujours l&apos; expression &quot; guerre contre le terrorisme &quot; et se comporte comme s&apos; il s&apos; agissait vraiment d&apos; une guerre de type habituel où un gouvernement en combat un autre .
the bush administration still uses the phrase &quot; war on terror &quot; and behaves as though it really is a war , the ordinary kind where one government fights another .
the bush administration always uses the expression &apos; war against terrorism &apos; and is just as if it really was a normal war in which a government is fighting another .
the bush administration is always using the expression &apos; war against terrorism &apos; , and it is like if it really was a usual war where a government is fighting another .

en asie de l&apos; est , ce &amp; quot ; dividende démographique &amp; quot ; serait à l&apos; origine de plus du quart de la croissance économique de la région .
in east asia , this &quot; demographic dividend &quot; is believed to have generated more than a quarter of the region &apos;s economic growth .
in asia , it would be nice of a quarter of the economic growth of the region .
in asia in eastern europe , it would be the source of more than a quarter of the economic growth in the region .

l&apos; opposition , tendue , devra aller au-delà du rejet de m. chávez ; elle devra élaborer un programme pour la reconstruction du pays et s&apos; unir pour soutenir un candidat attrayant .
the fractious opposition will need to go beyond rejection of chávez , elaborate a program for the country &apos;s reconstruction , and unite behind an attractive candidate .
the opposition , tense , will have to go beyond the rejection of mr chávez ; it will have to draw up a programme for the reconstruction of the country and unite to support an attractive candidate .
the opposition , tense , will have to go beyond the rejection of mr chávez ; it will have to draw up a programme for the reconstruction of the country and unite in supporting an attractive candidate .

la croissance des économies des pays d&apos; europe de l&apos; ouest a continué , malgré le lourd fardeau des 10 % de chômeurs , mais pas aussi rapidement qu&apos; elle l&apos; aurait pu .
west european economies have continued to grow -- albeit not as rapidly as they might have -- despite bearing the heavy burden of the unemployed 10 % or more of the labor force .
the growth of the economies of the western european countries has continued , despite the heavy burden of 10 % of the unemployed , but not as quickly as it could have been .
the growth of the economies of western european countries has continued , despite the heavy burden of the 10 % unemployed , but not as quickly as it could have been .

la victoire de roh sur lee hoi chang démontre un changement de génération dans la politique coréenne , avec une jeunesse déterminée à gagner une liberté de mouvement dans ses relations avec les etats-unis .
roh &apos;s victory over lee hoi chang signifies a generational shift in korean politics , with the young determined to gain a freer hand in korea &apos;s relations with the us .
the victory of roh on lee hoi chang demonstrates a change of generation in korean policy , with a determined youth to win freedom of movement in his relations with the united states .
the victory of roh on lee hog i am demonstrating a change of generation in the korean policy , with a determined youth to gain freedom of movement in its relations with the united states .

si une politique est juste lorsque le conseil de sécurité l&apos; approuve , comment peut-elle être erronée simplement parce que la chine communiste , la russie , la france ou une multitude de dictatures secondaires refusent leur approbation ?
if a policy is right when the security council approves , how can it be wrong just because communist china or russia or france or a gaggle of minor dictatorships withhold approbation ?
if a policy is right when the security council agrees , how can it be wrong simply because communist china , russia , france or a large number of secondary dictatorships refuse to approve it ?
if a policy is fair when the security council agrees , how can it simply be wrong because communist china , russia , france or many secondary dictatorships refuse to approve their approval ?

quelles sympathies le programme américain peut-il s&apos; attirer quand on voit que le président bush a prodigué des centaines de milliards de dollars de réductions d&apos; impôts aux personnes les plus riches au monde ?
what sympathy does the us agenda deserve , when president bush has ladled out tax cuts of hundreds of billions of dollars to the richest people in the world .
what kind of sympathy can the american programme draw from the fact that president bush has promised hundreds of billions of dollars of tax cuts to the richest people in the world ?
can the american programme be drawn up when we see that president bush has extended hundreds of billions of dollars of tax cuts to the richest people in the world ?

en effet , le premier ministre vojislav kostunica , apôtre du nationalisme serbe , a tenté par tous les moyens de saper le gouvernement par intérim du kosovo .
indeed , prime minister vojislav kostunica , the apostle of serbian nationalism , has been trying in every way to undermine kosovo &apos;s interim government .
in fact , prime minister vojv kostunagen , the serbian nationalism , tried by all means to undermine the government by kosovo .
in fact , prime minister vojvov kostunano , who has tried to undermine serbian nationalism , has tried by all means to undermine the government in kosovo .

ces dernières semaines ont été le cadre de manifestations massives , certaines frôlant la violence . nombre de colons ont décrété qu&apos; ils n&apos; obéiraient pas aux ordres d&apos; évacuation .
the last weeks have seen massive demonstrations , some of them verging on violence ; many of the settlers have declared that they will not obey government orders to evacuate .
in recent weeks , there has been a framework for mass demonstrations , a number of brothers of violence , and a number of colours have declared that they would not comply with the evacuation orders .
recent weeks have been the framework of massive demonstrations , some brothers of violence , and many of the colours have declared that they would not comply with evacuation orders .

la concurrence des services au sein de l&apos; europe est restreinte par d&apos; innombrables réglementations nationales qui , par exemple , déterminent strictement les professions régulées , telles que la coiffure ou la plomberie .
intra-european competition in services is restricted by innumerable national regulations that , for instance , strictly determine the requirements for becoming a hairdresser or a plumber .
competition from services within europe is restricted by countless national regulations which , for example , strictly determine the regulated professions , such as coiffy or plubery .
competition in services within europe is restricted by countless national regulations which , for example , strictly determine the regulated professions , such as cooking or plumbery .

bien que ces pays ne se soit pas encore complètement relevés de plusieurs dizaines d&apos; années de gestion communiste , les divisions de la droite ont facilité la victoire électorale de la gauche , incarnée parfois par les ex-communistes .
despite the fact the region is still recovering from decades of communist mismanagement , the political right &apos;s fragmentation helped the political left , in some cases represented by former communists , to win democratic elections regularly .
despite the fact that these countries have not yet fully observed several tens of decades of communist management , the divisions of the right have facilitated the electoral victory of the left , sometimes embodied by the former communist .
although these countries have not yet been fully affected by several decades of communist management , the divisions of the right have facilitated the election victory of the left , which has sometimes been embodied by the former communist .

au-delà des partenariats , les institutions internationales s&apos; avèrent d&apos; une aide précieuse , sous réserve qu&apos; elles soient organisées de manière efficace , disposent de mandats réalistes et que leurs membres soient engagés envers des normes et des objectifs communs .
beyond partnerships , international institutions add value-provided they are effectively organized , have realistic mandates , and contain members that are committed to common norms and aims .
in addition to partnerships , international institutions are of valuable help , given that they are organised effectively , have realistic mandates and that their members are committed to common standards and objectives .
in addition to partnerships , international institutions are valuable aid , given that they are organised effectively , have realistic mandates and that their members are committed to common standards and objectives .

en poussant constamment à une baisse des taux plus importante que ce que la bce peut offrir , les responsables politiques font de la bce le bouc émissaire responsable des performances économiques médiocres de l&apos; europe .
by constantly pushing for lower interest rates than the ecb can deliver , politicians set the central bank up as a scapegoat for europe &apos;s poor economic performance .
by constantly leading to lower rates than what the ecb can offer , politicians are doing the ecb the scapegoat responsible for the poor economic performance of europe .
by constantly reducing the higher rates than the ecb can offer , politicians are making the ecb the scapegoat responsible for the poor economic performance of europe .

on a servi au peuple américain un étalage allant du simple patriotisme au chauvinisme en passant par la manipulation de la peur et la confusion entre l&apos; irak et les réseaux de ben laden .
the american people have been treated to a spectacle of jingoism , fear mongering , confusion of iraq with osama bin laden &apos;s terrorists , and simple patriotism .
the american people have been served as a result of the mere patriotism in chestinism by the manipulation of fear and confusion between iraq and bin bin bin bin bin bin .
we have been used to the american people to go through the mere patriotism in chinism , through the manipulation of fear and confusion between iraq and the osbin networks .

la mondialisation des marchés , le commerce sans entrave , l&apos; islam militant , le réveil de la chine : ce sont là les choses que les historiens et les stratèges décrivent habituellement comme les forces essentielles qui façonnent notre destinée .
globalized markets , unfettered trade , militant islam , china &apos;s awakening : these are the things historians and strategists usually portray as the key forces shaping our destiny .
the globalisation of the markets , unimpeded trade , islam , the resentment of china : these are the things that the historians and the stratlines usually describe as the essential forces that shape our destiny .
the globalisation of markets , trade without obstacles , islamic islam , china &apos;s reticence : it is the things that the historians and the strains usually describe as the essential forces that shape our destiny .

pour le peuple de pologne , jean-paul ii , en faisant des droits de l&apos; homme le point central de son enseignement , sera à jamais l&apos; homme qui nous a donné le courage et l&apos; espoir , qui a rétabli notre identité historique .
for the people of poland , john paul ii , by making human rights the central subject of his teaching , will forever be the man who gave us courage and hope , who restored our historical identity .
for the people of poland , jean-paul ii , by making human rights the central point of his education , will never be the man who has given us the courage and hope , who has restored our historic identity .
for the people of poland , john paul ii , by making human rights the central point of his education , will never be the man who gave us the courage and hope , who has restored our historic identity .

mais l&apos; expérience nord-américaine montre qu&apos; avoir recours à de grands noms du domaine de l&apos; art , comme les chefs d&apos; orchestre , pour participer à la collecte de fonds , ne nuit pas forcément à l&apos; aspect artistique du métier .
but us experience shows that getting artistic leaders like orchestra music directors to participate in fundraising need not be bad for the artistic side of the job .
but the north american experience shows that using great names of art , such as the guests , to participate in the collection of funds , does not necessarily damage the artistic aspect of the profession .
but the north american experience shows that having recourse to large names in the field of art , such as the masters , to participate in the collection of funds , does not necessarily damage the artistic aspect of the profession .

alors que l&apos; immobilité corrosive est une des caractéristiques du régime syrien , ces défis menacent de se renforcer les uns les autres et de marginaliser la syrie encore plus qu&apos; elle ne l&apos; est déjà sur le plan international .
while corrosive immobility is a trademark of the syrian regime , these challenges threaten to reinforce each other and marginalize syria internationally even more so than today .
while the uncorrupt mobility is one of the characteristics of the syrian regime , these challenges threaten to strengthen each other and to marginalised syria even more than it is already international .
while immobility is one of the characteristics of the syrian regime , these challenges threaten to strengthen each other and to marginalised syria even more than it is already international .

tout comme alexandre soljenitsyne , le pape a tendance à croire que c&apos; est avant tout dans la résistance au totalitarisme que l&apos; homme peut devenir véritablement libre et préserver les valeurs fondamentales de la civilisation .
like alexander solzhenitsyn , the pope tends to believe that it was above all in resistance to totalitarianism that man could become truly free and preserve the fundamental values of civilization .
the pope tends to believe that it is primarily in the resistance to totalitarianism that man can become truly free and preserve the fundamental values of civilisation .
the pape is tend to believe that , first and foremost , it is in resistance to totalitarianism that man can become truly free and preserve the fundamental values of civilisation .

vu la façon dont les etats-unis procèdent avec le nmd , ils devront soit violer le traité , soit donner un préavis de six mois pour le dénoncer , ce que les deux signataires sont habilités à faire s&apos; ils sentent qu&apos; il en va de leur sécurité vitale .
as the us proceeds with nmd , it will either have to violate the treaty or give six months notice to quit , something both signatories are entitled to do if they feel their vital security interests demand it .
in view of the way in which the united states is doing with the nmd , they will have to violate the treaty , or give an opinion of six months to denounce it , which is what the two signatories are entitled to do if they feel that they are of vital security .
in view of the way in which the united states is carrying out with the nmd , they will either have to violate the treaty or give an opinion of six months to condemn it , which the two signatories are entitled to do if they feel that it is about their vital safety .

loin de les dénigrer en tant que menace posée à un nouvel ordre mondial , nous devrions plutôt reconnaître qu&apos; ils sont , par défaut , le meilleur espoir qui reste à cet ordre et la véritable alternative à l&apos; anarchie engendrée par l&apos; échec lamentable des nations unies .
far from disparaging them as a threat to a new world order , we should recognize that they are , by default , the best hope for that order , and the true alternative to the anarchy caused by the dismal failure of the united nations .
far from fearing them as a threat to a new world order , we should rather recognise that they are , if not , the best hope that remains in this order and the real alternative to the anarchy caused by the appalling failure of the united nations .
we should rather recognise that they are , if not , the best hope that remains in this order and the real alternative to the angry failure of the united nations , as a threat to a new global order .

d&apos; ici la prochaine élection , les électeurs , avec le recul , pourraient se rendre compte qu&apos; il n&apos; existait aucune alternative réelle aux politiques de schröder et il se pourrait même que les effets bénéfiques attendus de ces réformes douloureuses leur deviennent apparents d&apos; ici là .
by the time of the next regularly scheduled election , it could become clear that there were no real alternatives to schröder &apos;s policies , and it could even be the case that the predicted beneficial effects of painful reforms will become apparent by then .
by the next election , the voters , with the decline , could realise that there was no real alternative to the schröder policies , and it could even be that the beneficial effects of these painful reforms would become apparent by that time .
by the next election , the voters , with a decline , could realise that there is no real alternative to schröder policies , and it could even be that the beneficial effects of these painful reforms are becoming apparent here .

sa tâche dans ce domaine a été proclamée dans la déclaration universelle des droits de l&apos; homme de 1948 et dans les accords d&apos; helsinki de 1975 , qui accordaient aux droits de l&apos; homme la suprématie juridique sur la souveraineté des états individuels .
its tasks in this area were affirmed in the 1948 universal declaration of human rights and the 1975 helsinki accords , which give human rights legal supremacy over the sovereignty of individual states .
its task in this area has been declared in the universal declaration of human rights of 1948 and in the helsinki agreements of malaysia , which gave human rights the law on the sovereignty of individual states .
in this area , its task was declared in the universal declaration of human rights of 1948 and in the helsinki agreements of guatemala , which granted human rights the legal predictability of the sovereignty of individual states .

des taux de change flexibles conçus pour permettre aux marchés d&apos; indiquer les baisses de confiance dans la monnaie mettent aussi les exportateurs dans une situation concurrentielle difficile par rapport aux producteurs des pays étrangers dont les prix sont malmenés par des taux de changes peu prévisibles .
flexible exchange rates , designed to allow the market to signal when confidence in the currency is declining , also put exporters at a competitive disadvantage against foreign-country producers whose prices aren &apos;t batted around by unpredictable exchange rates .
flexible exchange rate rates designed to allow markets to indicate the price reductions in the currency also place exporters in a difficult competitive situation in relation to producers in foreign countries whose prices are misled by unpredictable exchange rates .
in order to enable the markets to indicate confidence in the currency , the exporters also put the exporters in a difficult competitive situation in relation to the producers of foreign countries whose prices are unpredictable by unpredictable exchange rates .

dans cet esprit , la conférence de l&apos; unctad-undp ce mois-ci ( « gouvernance in asia : <unk> inning <unk> in a global economy » , la gouvernance en asie : consolider la compétitivité dans l&apos; économie mondiale ) , rassemblera les décideurs politiques de toute l&apos; asie pour discuter des défis auxquels la gouvernance doit faire face en asie .
in this spirit , this month &apos;s unctad-undp conference-- &quot; governance in asia : underpinning competitiveness in a global economy &quot; --will bring together policy-makers from across asia to discuss the governance challenges that asia faces .
in this spirit , the conference of unctad-cuncen this month ( &apos; governance in moin &apos; : a global column &apos; , the governance in asia : consolidating competitiveness in the world economy ) , will bring together the policies of the whole of asia to discuss the challenges facing governance in asia .
in this spirit , the conference of unctauncen this month ( &apos; governance in the month &apos; , which is a member of the european union in general , governance in asia : consolidating competitiveness in the world economy ) , will bring together the political decision-makers of the whole asia to discuss the challenges that governance must face in asia .

malgré les assurances renouvelées des autorités de l&apos; onu que le kosovo est sur le chemin de la réconciliation et de la véritable autonomie , les représentants de l&apos; otan indiquent qu&apos; il existe des projets de maintien d&apos; une présence militaire à long terme dans la province afin de &quot; garantir que le processus politique sera mis en place avec succès . &quot;
despite the frequent assurances of un authorities that kosovo is on a path toward reconciliation and true home rule , nato officials indicate that there are plans to maintain a long-term military presence in the province in order to &quot; guarantee that the political process will be concluded successfully . &quot;
despite the renewed assurances of the un authorities that kosovo is on the road to reconciliation and genuine autonomy , nato representatives indicate that there are plans to maintain long-term military presence in the province to ensure that the political process will be successfully established .
despite the renewed assurances of the un authorities that kosovo is on the path of reconciliation and true autonomy , nato representatives indicate that there are plans to maintain a long-term military presence in the province in order to ensure that the political process will be put in place successfully &apos; .

les défenseurs d&apos; une approche modérée déclarent que si les nations unies ne s&apos; impliquent pas , ce sera leur arrêt de mort . en participant à l&apos; occupation irakienne , elle rétablira la confiance des états-unis de sorte qu&apos; à la prochaine incidence de ce genre , l&apos; amérique se tournera plus rapidement vers les nations unies .
advocates of a softer approach say that if the un stays on the sidelines , it will become irrelevant ; by participating in iraq , it will build trust with america , so that the next time a dispute such as this arises , america will turn earlier to the un .
the defenders of a moderate approach say that if the united nations does not involve itself , it will be their death ruling , and by participating in the iraqi occupation , it will restore the confidence of the united states so that , in the next impact of this kind , america will look faster towards the united nations .
if the united nations does not involve itself , it will be their death judgment , and by participating in the iraqi occupation , it will restore the confidence of the united states so that , in the next impact of this kind , america will move faster towards the united nations .

d&apos; un seul coup , les crises financières incroyablement destructrices réapparurent suite aux panique populaires au mexique , en thaïlande , en corée , au brésil , etc. , et ressemblaient à la panique financière américaine de 1873 ou à la crise autrichienne du <unk> anstalt en 1931 .
all of a sudden tremendously destructive herd-driven financial crises were back : mexico , thailand , korea , brazil , and so on looked like nothing as much as the us financial panic of 1873 or the austrian creditanstalt crisis of 1931 .
after the popular panic in mexico , thailand , korea , brazil , etc . , and the american panic of 1873 or the austrian crisis of anstalt in 1931 , the financial panic of the austrian crisis in 1931 .
after the popular panic in mexico , thailand , brazil , brazil and so on , and so on , the united states financial panic of 1873 or the austrian crisis in anstalt in 1931 .

en effet , son nouveau ministre de l&apos; intérieur , ghazi kanaan , un partisan de la ligne dure appartenant à la vieille école , a pris la tête d&apos; un durcissement envers les réformateurs et les kurdes au cours de l&apos; année qui vient de s&apos; écouler .
indeed , his new interior minister , ghazi kanaan , an old-school hardliner , spearheaded a crackdown on reformers and kurds in the past year or so .
in fact , its new minister for the interior , ghazi kanaan , a supporter of the hard line of the old school , took the lead in a tightening of reform and the kurds in the course of the year .
indeed , his new minister for the interior , ghazi azi kanaan , a supporter of the line of the old school , has taken the lead in moving towards the reform and kurds during the course of the year .

l&apos; exemple le plus frappant vient de hongrie , où le premier ministre viktor orban a exigé l&apos; abrogation des décrets adoptés en 1945 par le président edvard benes ( décrets qui confisquaient les biens des populations allemandes et hongroises déportées de tchécoslovaquie à cette période et qui leur enlevaient leur citoyenneté ) dans le cadre d&apos; une campagne de réélection qui n&apos; a pas abouti de justesse .
the clearest case of this comes from hungary , where prime minister viktor orban demanded an abrogation of president edvard benes &apos; decrees of 1945 ( which confiscated the assets of and stripped citizenship from the german and hungarian populations deported from czechoslovakia at that time ) as part of a re-election campaign that failed narrowly .
the most striking example of hungary comes from , where prime minister vitor korban called for the repeal of the decrees adopted by president edvard benes ( decrees which confiscated the property of the german and hungarian people from the czechoslovakia to this period and which had their citizenship ) in the context of a campaign which has not led to a proper election .
the most striking example of hungary has just come from hungary , where prime minister viviktor orban called for the withdrawal of the decrees adopted by president vberard benes , who were confiscated the german and hungarian people &apos;s property of czechoes in this period , and who removed their citizenship , in the context of a campaign of elections which did not result in a reelection campaign which did not result in the history of the german and hungarian people of czechoing the czechoes of czechoed czechoes in the czech republic and czechoing them .

mieux vaudront toujours des sociétés comme les nôtres qui connaissent des maux tels que la consommation de drogues , la prostitution , l&apos; alcoolisme , des actes d&apos; incivisme sinon de vandalisme , qu&apos; un régime de mollahs ou de soldats , parce que ces problèmes sociaux peuvent être dissipés , voire totalement éliminés , sans changer leurs fondements .
our civilization , despite its drugs , prostitution , alcoholism , incivility , and vandalism , will always be better than rule by mullahs or soldiers , because its social problems can be allayed , if never entirely eliminated , without changing the foundations of the regime .
it will always be better for companies such as our own people who are familiar with drug abuse , prostitution , alcoholism , otherwise of vandalism , than a motherhood regime or social soldiers , because these social problems may be concealed , or even completely removed , without changing their foundations , without changing their foundations .
it will always be better for companies such as drugs , alcoholism , alcoholism , incization , otherwise of vandalism , a regime or soldiers , because these social problems can be concealed , or even completely removed , without changing their foundations .

