les employeurs veulent aujourd&apos; hui des travailleurs hautement qualifiés .
today &apos;s employers want highly skilled workers .
employers want highly qualified workers today .
employers now want highly qualified workers .

à quel point sont-ils crédibles , ces experts ?
but how much credibility should we attach to the opinions of experts ?
how credible are these experts ?
how credible are these experts ?

ce sont là des questions épineuses .
these are obviously knotty questions .
these are difficult issues .
these are difficult issues .

le pape révolutionnaire conservateur
the revolutionary conservative pope
conservative pope &apos;s conservative pope
the revolutionary conservative pope

la chute de l&apos; onu
the fall of the un
the fall of the un .
the fall of the un is

en effet , la france et l&apos; allemagne ne s&apos; entendent pas naturellement .
indeed , france and germany do not get along naturally .
in fact , france and germany do not , of course , hear .
indeed , france and germany do not , of course , intend to do so .

il en sera autrement si les quatre arguments présentés s&apos; avèrent exacts .
this would change if evidence on the four points is mustered .
it will be otherwise if the four arguments presented are correct .
it will be otherwise if the four arguments presented are correct .

prenons nokia , le fabriquant de téléphones portables .
think of nokia , the mobile phone maker .
take nokia , the manufacture of mobile phones .
let us take note nokia , the manufacture of mobile phones .

souvenir et oubli de zhao ziyang
remembering and forgetting zhao ziyang
memory and oubli of zhao ziyang
remember and oubli of zhao ziyang

mais dans ce cas , la guerre aura eu un sens .
still , the war would then at least make some sense .
in this case , however , the war has made sense .
in this case , however , the war will have made sense .

des institutions à même de construire le marché ( droit de la propriété et droit contractuel )
market-creating institutions ( for property rights and contract enforcement ) ;
institutions capable of building the market ( law of ownership and contract law )
institutions that can build the market ( the right of ownership and contractual law )

pas plus que l&apos; émergence d&apos; une nouvelle personnalité providentielle ne se fera facilement .
nor will the emergence of another providential figure come easily .
nor will the emergence of a new prudential personality be easily achieved .
nor will the emergence of a new personality come easily .

vu de l&apos; autre côté de l&apos; atlantique , toutes ces raisons semblent extrêmement étranges .
from the american side of the atlantic , all of these rationales seem utterly bizarre .
in view of the other side of the atlantic , all these reasons seem extremely strange .
in view of the other side of the atlantic , all these reasons seem to be extremely strange .

s&apos; il est réellement réformateur , il n&apos; a pas convaincu grand monde .
if he &apos;s a reformer , few are convinced .
if he really is reforged , he has not convinced a great world .
if he really reforged , he has not convinced the great world .

c&apos; est la population musulmane de turquie qui suscite le plus d&apos; émotion .
it is turkey &apos;s muslim population that creates the strongest emotions .
it is the muslim population of turkey that is causing the greatest emotion .
it is the muslim population of turkey that causes the most emotion .

la question se pose évidemment sur la situation après le retrait de gaza .
the question , of course , is what will happen after the gaza disengagement .
of course , the question arises as to the situation after the gaza withdrawal .
of course , the question arises on the situation after the withdrawal of gaza .

l&apos; inquiétude actuelle est que ce type de démagogie peut entraîner un cycle de victoires populistes .
the worry now is that such demagoguery may incite a cycle of populist victories .
the current concern is that this type of demagogy can lead to a cycle of popularity .
the current concern is that this type of demagogy can lead to a round of populist vicinity .

le kosovo joue souvent le rôle de conflit-test pour le concept d&apos; intervention &quot; humanitaire . &quot;
kosovo is often held up as a test case for the concept of &quot; humanitarian &quot; intervention .
kosovo often plays the role of &apos; humanitarian intervention &apos; as a test for the concept of &apos; humanitarian &apos; .
kosovo often plays the role of a test period for the concept of humanitarian intervention .

la meilleure manière d&apos; attirer la jeunesse vers les arts du spectacle est de passer par l&apos; éducation .
the best way to bring youth to the performing arts is through education .
the best way to attract young people to the arts is to move through education .
the best way to attract young people to the arts is to move through education .

le résultat de tels échecs est que les élites prospèrent tandis que la masse souffre .
the result of such failures is that small elites benefit while the majority suffers .
the result of such failures is that the elites are prosperous while the mass is suffering .
the result of such failures is that the elites are prosperous while the mass is suffering .

l&apos; idée d&apos; une guerre totalement absurde est presque trop effrayante pour oser la considérer .
the horrors of a senseless war are almost too frightening to contemplate .
the idea of a totally absurd war is almost too frightening to see it .
the idea of a totally absurd war is almost too frightening to dare to consider it .

le multilatéralisme est davantage couronné de succès lorsqu&apos; il est fondé sur une réelle convergence des intérêts et des valeurs .
multilateralism is most successful when built on a real convergence of interests and values .
multilateralism is more successful when it is based on real convergence of interests and values .
multilateralism is more successful when it is based on real convergence of interests and values .

une certaine vision souhaitable pour l&apos; avenir du monde doit faire appel à des conceptions partagées de justice et d&apos; équité .
a desirable vision for the future of humanity must appeal to universally shared conceptions of justice and equity .
a certain vision that is desirable for the future of the world must call for shared views of justice and fairness .
a certain desirable vision for the future of the world must call for shared views of justice and fairness .

il n&apos; existe pas de route plus sûre vers le désastre économique que celles des oeillères historiques .
there is no more certain route to economic disaster than to put on historical blinders .
there is no safer road to the economic disaster than those of historical oeillers .
there is no safer road to the economic disaster than those of the historical oils .

naturellement , le plus lourd fardeau des blessures et des morts est supporté par les soldats et leurs familles .
of course , the brunt of the costs of injury and death is borne by soldiers and their families .
of course , the most heavy burden of injuries and deaths is borne by soldiers and their families .
of course , the greatest burden of injuries and deaths is borne by soldiers and their families .

traditionnellement , une large majorité du budget revenait à l&apos; agriculture et aux régions en retard de développement .
traditionally , a large majority of the budget has gone either on agriculture or on the development of backward regions .
traditionally , a large majority of the budget returned to agriculture and regions lagging behind .
traditionally , a large majority of the budget has returned to agriculture and regions behind development .

cette souplesse constitue un atout de première importance en raison de la nature des défis qui se profilent à l&apos; horizon .
this flexibility is needed because of the nature of the challenges that loom on the horizon .
this flexibility is an important asset because of the nature of the challenges that are taking place on the horizon .
this flexibility is a very important asset because of the nature of the challenges that are going on .

mais ils ne savent pas à quel moment appuyer sur leur frein mental en faisant des concessions à d&apos; autres points de vue .
but they don &apos;t know when to slam the mental brakes by making concessions to other points of view .
but they do not know when they build on their mental brakes by making concessions to other points of view .
but they do not know what time they are supporting on their mental brakes by making concessions to other points of view .

le gouvernement , le secteur privé et la société civile ont tous un rôle à jouer dans le renforcement du capital social .
government , the private sector , and civil society all have a role to play in strengthening social capital .
the government , the private sector and civil society all have a role to play in strengthening social capital .
the government , the private sector and civil society all have a role to play in strengthening social capital .

si le pays veut faire face à ses défis et continuer à croître , il lui faut assouplir son marché du travail .
in order for the country to meet the challenges and to continue to grow , it would have to make its labor markets flexible .
if the country wants to face up to its challenges and continue to grow , it needs to make its labour market more flexible .
if the country wants to face up to its challenges and continue to grow , it must be made more flexible in its labour market .

la baisse des impôts et la hausse des dépenses élargissent le déficit du budget mais de manière saine et efficace .
the fall in taxes and the rise in spending do widen the budget deficit , but in a healthy and useful way .
the reduction in taxes and the increase in expenditure are increasing the budget deficit , but in a healthy and effective way .
the reduction in taxes and the increase in expenditure will extend the budget deficit , but in a healthy and effective way .

sa première visite dans son pays natal peu après son intronisation a montré au monde entier le pouvoir du nouveau pape .
his first return visit to his native country soon afterwards showed to all the world the new pope &apos;s power .
its first visit to its home country shortly after its insolvency has shown the power of the new pape throughout the world .
his first visit to his home country shortly after his inconsignation has shown the power of the new pope throughout the world .

l&apos; aide américaine semble encore mesquine par comparaison aux montants offerts par des pays qui ne possèdent qu&apos; une fraction des richesses américaines .
america &apos;s aid still appeared niggardly when compared with the amounts offered by countries with a fraction of america &apos;s economic wealth .
american aid still seems to be a small amount compared to the amounts offered by countries which only have a part of the american wealth .
american aid seems to be even shining by comparison with the amounts offered by countries that have only a number of american wealth .

six ans après l&apos; intervention de l&apos; otan , le kosovo semble plus loin que jamais de la stabilité et de la paix sociale .
so , six years after nato &apos;s intervention , kosovo seems as far from stability and social peace as ever .
six years after nato intervention , kosovo seems further than ever before to be stability and social peace .
six years after nato &apos;s intervention , kosovo seems further than ever to stability and social peace .

l&apos; un des plus grands casse-tête de l&apos; économie mondiale concerne sans aucun doute les médiocres performances de l&apos; amérique latine .
one of the world economy &apos;s biggest puzzles is latin america &apos;s poor performance .
one of the biggest leaders of the world economy is undoubtedly the poor performance of latin america .
one of the world economy &apos;s biggest leader is undoubtedly the poor performance of latin america .

une bonne gouvernance peut améliorer ce jeu à somme positive et assurer que les entreprises et les individus de ces pays participent aux bénéfices .
good governance can enhance this positive-sum game , and ensure that companies and individuals within countries partake of the benefits .
good governance can improve this game in a positive way and ensure that businesses and individuals in these countries participate in profits .
good governance can improve this game in a positive way and ensure that companies and individuals in these countries participate in profits .

après tout , les institutions ne sont pas des plantes de serre capables d&apos; êtres replantées dans n&apos; importe quel sol sous n&apos; importe quel climat .
after all , institutions are not hot-house plants capable of being planted in any soil and climate .
after all , the institutions are not greenhouse plants capable of replanting in any soil in any climate .
after all , the institutions are not greenhouse plants capable of replanting in any soil under any climate .

j&apos; ai vécu et travaillé assez longtemps au kosovo pour constater le résultat , et je prétends que de telles expériences nécessitent des recherches plus approfondies .
having lived and worked long enough in kosovo to see the outcome so far , i contend that such experiments require further research .
i have experienced and worked for a long time in kosovo to see the result , and i would suggest that such experiments require further research .
i have lived and worked for a long time in kosovo to see the result , and i am saying that such experiments require more in-depth research .

la taxe « effet de serre » doit-elle être de 0,010 € , de 0,38 € ou de 1,15 € par litre ?
should the extra &quot; global warming &quot; tax be $ 0.05 a gallon , $ 0.50 a gallon , or $ 1.50 a gallon ?
does the &apos; greenhouse effect &apos; tax have to be 0.010 , 0.38 or 1.15 papers ?
should the &apos; greenhouse effect &apos; tax be 0.010 ideas , 0.38 ideas or 1.15 per exceptions ?

il demeure toutefois peu probable que la convertibilité du compte de capital possède un impact significatif sur le taux de croissance d&apos; un pays .
there is , however , little evidence that capital account convertibility has a meaningful impact on a country &apos;s growth rate .
however , it remains unlikely that the convertibility of capital account has a significant impact on the growth rate of a country .
however , it remains unlikely that the conversion of capital should have a significant impact on the growth rate of a country .

la présidence italienne de l&apos; union européenne porte une énorme responsabilité , celle de revigorer l&apos; élargissement comme aspect essentiel de la nouvelle ue .
italy &apos;s presidency of the european union bears an enormous responsibility , namely reinvigorating enlargement as the key aspect of the new eu .
the italian presidency of the european union has a huge responsibility , namely to bring about enlargement as an essential aspect of the new eu .
the italian presidency of the european union is a huge responsibility , that of moving enlargement as an essential aspect of the new eu .

les pays qui comme la thaïlande ont perçu qu&apos; ils pourraient faire face aux conséquences financières par eux-mêmes ont demandé que l&apos; aide humanitaire soit envoyée vers d&apos; autres pays .
countries , like thailand , that felt that they could handle the finances on their own asked that assistance be directed to others .
countries such as thailand have seen that they could deal with the financial consequences themselves have asked for humanitarian aid to be sent to other countries .
the countries such as thailand have seen that they could deal with the financial consequences of themselves have asked for humanitarian aid to be sent to other countries .

la banque mondiale a largement contribué à avancer le financement du carbone en tant qu&apos; outil de développement viable et à faciliter la participation du secteur privé dans le marché .
the world bank has been instrumental in advancing carbon finance as a viable development tool , and in facilitating private-sector participation in the market .
the world bank has contributed greatly to the development of carbon funding as a viable development tool and to facilitating the participation of the private sector in the market .
the world bank has made a significant contribution to developing carbon funding as a viable development tool and facilitating the participation of the private sector in the market .

l&apos; administration bush prétend que , parce que la guerre froide est terminée , la disparition formelle du traité abm ne mettrait pas en danger la stabilité nucléaire .
the bush administration argues that , because the cold war is over , the formal disappearance of the abm treaty would not mean a loss of nuclear stability .
the bush administration claims that , because the cold war is over , the formal disappearance of the abm treaty would not jeopardise nuclear stability .
the bush administration claims that , because the cold war is over , the formal disappearance of the abm treaty would not jeopardise nuclear stability .

les analyses élaborées des coûts et des bénéfices de grands projets ont constitué la routine du département de la défense et d&apos; autres départements pendant presque un demi-siècle .
elaborate cost-benefit analyses of major projects have been standard practice in the defense department and elsewhere in government for almost a half-century .
the analyses of the costs and profits of major projects have been the routine of the defence department and other departments for almost half a century .
the analyses drawn up by the costs and profits of major projects have been the routine department of defence and other departments for almost half a century .

nombreux sont les gouvernements qui craignent leurs agriculteurs au point de n&apos; avoir pas d&apos; autre choix que de ne pas céder , quelles que soient les circonstances .
many governments are so fearful of their farmers that they see no other option than to hold their ground , no matter what .
many are the governments who fear their farmers from the point of view that they have no choice but not to give up , whatever the circumstances .
there are many governments that fear their farmers from the point of view of having no choice but to leave , whatever the circumstances .

pendant toutes ces années , les gouvernements européens n&apos; ont cessé de réaffirmer que la turquie pourrait devenir un etat membre à part entière , à condition de respecter des critères d&apos; adhésion .
during all these years , european governments consistently confirmed turkey &apos;s eligibility for full membership , making accession dependent on compliance with membership criteria .
for all these years , european governments have repeatedly reaffirmed that turkey could become a full member state , provided that accession criteria are met .
for all these years , the governments of europe have constantly confirmed that turkey could become a full member state , provided that accession criteria are met .

en effet , lors de la première décennie de son règne , le pape a consacré tous ses efforts à la lutte contre la dictature , et particulièrement la dictature communiste .
indeed , the central feature of the first decade of the pope &apos;s reign was his struggle against dictatorship--communist dictatorship in particular .
indeed , during the first decade of its existence , the pope has devoted all its efforts to the fight against dictatorship , and particularly the communist dictatorship .
in fact , during the first decade of its existence , the pape has devoted all its efforts to the fight against dictatorship , particularly the communist dictatorship .

qu&apos; on l&apos; adore ou qu&apos; on le déteste , wal-mart est indéniablement l&apos; exemple parfait des coûts et des bénéfices de la mondialisation moderne .
love them or hate them , what is undeniable is that wal-mart is the quintessential example of the costs and benefits of modern globalization .
it is clear that there is a great example of the costs and benefits of modern globalisation .
it is undoubtedly the perfect example of the costs and the profits of modern globalisation , or of the depletion of it , wal-mart .

mais même dans notre euphorie , nous ne nous attendions pas à ce que le nouveau pape change autant non seulement la pologne , mais le monde entier .
but even in our euphoria , we did not expect how much the new pope would change not only poland , but the world .
we did not expect the new pape to change not only poland , but the whole world .
but even in our claim , we did not expect the new pope to change not only poland but the world as a whole .

bien sûr , ces indicateurs ont un rôle légitime à jouer dans l&apos; explication des marchés immobiliers , mais ils ne suffisent simplement pas à expliquer les booms récents .
of course , these indicators do have a legitimate role to play in explaining housing markets , but they are simply not adequate to account for the recent booms .
of course , these indicators have a legitimate role to play in the explanation of the property markets , but they are simply not enough to explain the recent boies .
of course , these indicators have a legitimate role to play in the explanation of the property markets , but they are simply not enough to explain the recent beef .

l&apos; impatience grandissante du gouvernement bush vis-à-vis de l&apos; implication syrienne dans la rébellion irakienne est une des principales raisons de la détérioration des relations entre les états-unis et la syrie .
the bush administration &apos;s growing impatience with syrian involvement in the iraqi insurgency is a major reason for syria &apos;s deteriorating relationship with the us .
the growing welcome of the bush government to the syrian involvement in the iraqi rebellion is one of the main reasons for the deterioration of relations between the united states and syria .
the growing eyes of the bush government to the syrian involvement in the iraqi rebellion is one of the main reasons for the deterioration of relations between the united states and syria .

le monde d&apos; aujourd&apos; hui ne présente aucun conflit inconciliable entre les principales concentrations de la puissance mondiale : l&apos; europe , la russie , la chine , le japon et les etats-unis .
today &apos;s world lacks irreconcilable conflict among the main concentrations of world power : europe , russia , china , japan , and the us .
today &apos;s world does not have an unbalanced conflict between the main concentrations of world power : europe , russia , china , japan and the united states .
today &apos;s world has no conflict between the main concentrations of world power : europe , russia , china , japan and the united states .

pour la première fois , le président de la bce était prêt à admettre que le conseil des gouverneurs avait discuté des avantages et des inconvénients d&apos; une augmentation des taux directeurs durant leur réunion .
for the first time , the ecb president was willing to admit publicly that the governing council had discussed the pros and cons of a rate hike at the meeting .
for the first time , the president of the ecb was prepared to admit that the governing council had discussed the advantages and disadvantages of an increase in the rates at their meeting .
for the first time , the president of the ecb was prepared to admit that the governing council had discussed the advantages and disadvantages of an increase in directors during their meeting .

nous sommes nombreux à croire qu&apos; un tel pari impossible puisse être rempli par un homme providentiel uniquement , avec tous les espoirs , et les dangers , que cela représente .
many of us believe that such an impossible wager can be fulfilled only by a providential man , with all the hopes -- and dangers -- that this entails .
there are many of us who believe that such a pari cannot be fulfilled by a man who comes from a prudential only , with all the hopes , and the dangers that this represents .
many of us believe that such an impossible pari can be fulfilled by a man who is just , with all hopes , and the dangers , which this represents .

il a aussi bénéficié des conflits internes au parti socialiste qui ont mis à mal l&apos; un de ses principaux atouts politiques : sa stricte discipline et son professionnalisme , hérités du communisme .
moreover , infighting among the socialists has dented one of their biggest political advantages : the hard-headed discipline and political professionalism inherited from their communist days .
it has also benefited from internal conflicts in the socialist party which have misled one of its main political assets : its strict discipline and professionalism , inherited by communism .
it has also benefited from internal conflicts in the socialist party which have misled one of its main political assets : its strict discipline and professionalism , which was censured by communism .

en fait , les pays latino-américains membres du « groupe des nations amies » qui essaient de jouer les médiateurs dans ce conflit peuvent s&apos; inspirer d&apos; une expérience intéressante pour concevoir une telle solution .
in fact , the latin american members of the &quot; group of friendly nations &quot; trying to mediate this conflict can draw on interesting experiences to design such a solution .
in fact , the latin american countries of the &apos; group of nations &apos; who try to play the media in this conflict can learn from an interesting experience to develop such a solution .
in fact , the latin american countries &apos; group of amies &apos; who try to play the mediators in this conflict can learn from an interesting experience to design such a solution .

pour que le « miracle » chinois devienne réellement miraculeux , les dirigeants du parti feraient bien d&apos; étudier l&apos; héritage d&apos; un homme qu&apos; ils sont maintenant pressés de rejeter dans l&apos; oubli .
for china &apos;s &quot; miracle &quot; to truly become miraculous , party leaders could do worse than study the record of a man whose legacy they now seem eager to push into oblivion .
in order for the chinese miracle to become truly miracles , the leaders of the party would do well to study the legacy of a man whom they are now pressing to reject in the bloui .
in order for the chinese &apos; miracle &apos; to become a truly miracles , the leaders of the party would do well to study the legacy of a man that they are now pressing to reject in the oubli .

cette situation souligne l&apos; importance d&apos; une gestion réussie du compte de capital ( contrôle des rentrées et des sorties de capitaux ) pour l&apos; inde après un premier pas vers une convertibilité complète .
this underscores the importance for india &apos;s financial stability of successful management of the capital account ( monitoring inflows and outflows ) following any move toward full convertibility .
this situation highlights the importance of successful management of capital ( control of entry and capital outlets ) for india after a first step towards complete converting .
this situation highlights the importance of successful management of capital ( control of rallins and capital excesses ) for india after a first step towards complete conversion .

le pib par personne en âge de travailler en allemagne de l&apos; est représentait 61 % du niveau de l&apos; allemagne de l&apos; ouest en 1996 , mais il est retombé aujourd&apos; hui à 59 % .
gdp per working-age person in east germany had been 61 % of the west german level in 1996 , but it is now only 59 % .
the gdp per person per age of working in germany was 61 % of the west germany level in 1996 , but it has now fallen to 59 % .
gdp per person in the age of working in eastern germany was 61 % of the west germany level in 1996 , but it is now at 59 % .

rien de surprenant par conséquent que son chiffre de 500 milliards de dollars ignore les incapacités et les coûts de santé pour des vies entières que le gouvernement devra payer au cours des prochaines années .
so it is no surprise that its figure of $ 500 billion ignores the lifetime disability and healthcare costs that the government will have to pay for years to come .
therefore , nothing surprising is the fact that its figure of usd 500 billion ignores the levels of health and health costs for entire lives that the government will have to pay over the next few years .
there is no surprise , therefore , that its figure of usd 500 billion does not know how the health costs and health costs for all lives that the government will have to pay over the next few years .

la meilleure façon d&apos; éviter un tel désastre est sans doute de renforcer le système démocratique , et pour cela d&apos; ancrer ferment la turquie au sein d&apos; un bloc de pays eux aussi démocratiques .
surely , the best protection against such a calamity is to strengthen turkey &apos;s democratic system , which can best be achieved by anchoring it firmly in a bloc of similarly democratic countries .
the best way to avoid such a disaster is undoubtedly to strengthen the democratic system , and to bring turkey closer to a bloc of such democratic countries .
the best way of avoiding such a disaster is undoubtedly to strengthen the democratic system , and to put turkey close to a block of democratic countries .

leurs inquiétudes remontent le fil de la pensée économique d&apos; il y a cinquante ans , époque où les économistes avaient découvert que la seule chose à faire contre la déflation était de l&apos; éviter comme la peste !
their thoughts retrace the economic thinking of over fifty years ago , a time when economists concluded that the thing to do with deflation was to avoid it like the plague .
their concerns go beyond the economic thinking of 50 years ago , when the economists found that the only thing to do against deflation was to avoid it as a plate !
their concerns come out of the economic thinking of 50 years ago , when the economists discovered that the only thing to do against deflation was to avoid it as a raft !

aujourd&apos; hui , la bce et la commission européenne soutiennent de facto les positions des gouvernements populistes d&apos; europe de l&apos; est qui dépensent déjà des fonds qu&apos; ils espèrent obtenir à l&apos; avenir de la part de l&apos; ue .
as it is , the ecb and the european commission are de facto supporting the positions of populist governments in eastern europe that are already spending the funds they hope to get in the future from the eu .
today , the ecb and the european commission are de facto supporting the positions of the populist governments of eastern europe which already think of the funds they expect in the future of the eu .
today , the ecb and the european commission are de facto supporting the positions of the populist governments of eastern europe who already spend funds that they hope to achieve in the future by the eu .

après tout , les dirigeants du parti manifestent rarement leurs sentiments personnels en public , encore moins quand il s&apos; agit de transgresser la ligne du parti de manière aussi éhontée que zhao le fit .
after all , party leaders rarely evince their personal feelings in public , much less transgress the party line as brazenly as zhao did .
after all , the leaders of the party rarely demonstrate their personal feelings in public , even less when it comes to transgling the party line in such a shameful way as zhao did .
after all , the party leaders rarely demonstrate their personal feelings in public , even less when it comes to transgating the line of the party in such a shameful way as zhao .

elle a bien commencé , avec l&apos; approbation de la proposition de traité constitutionnel par les électeurs espagnols , mais elle a tourné au vinaigre quand les électeurs français et néerlandais l&apos; ont rejetée peu de temps après .
it began well , when spanish voters approved the draft european union constitution , but it turned sour when french and dutch voters spurned it soon after .
it has begun well , with the approval of the proposal for a constitutional treaty by the spanish voters , but it has turned to vineyards when the french and dutch voters rejected it shortly after it .
she has begun well , with the approval of the proposal for a constitutional treaty by the spanish voters , but she was turning to vineyards when the french and dutch voters rejected it shortly .

après tout , la libéralisation du compte de capital risque d&apos; entraîner une instabilité du taux du change et même les pays dont les disponibilités en devises sont importantes ne pourraient pas empêcher une ruée sur leurs réserves .
the downside risk of capital-account liberalization , after all , is higher exchange-rate volatility , and even countries with sound liquidity positions could not prevent a run on their reserves .
after all , the liberalisation of capital may lead to instability in exchange rates and even the countries whose currency supply is important could not prevent a ruin on their reserves .
after all , the liberalisation of capital is likely to lead to instability in the exchange rate and even the countries whose currencies are important could not prevent a ruthless on their reserves .

a ce jour , plus de 1 milliard de dollars investis dans des projets gef ( global environment facility - fonds pour l&apos; environnement mondial ) et environ 8 milliards de dollars placés dans le cofinancement , ont été engagés dans des programmes liés au changement climatique .
to date , over $ 1 billion dollars in global environment facility ( gef ) grants , together with about $ 8 billion in co-financing , have been committed to programs related to climate change .
up to now , more than 1 billion dollars invested in gef projects - global environment funds - and around usd 8 billion in cofinancing have been committed in climate change programmes .
up to now , more than 1 billion dollars invested in gef projects - global environment fund - and approximately eur 8 billion placed in cofinancing have been committed in programmes relating to climate change .

la réponse collective , adoptée en 2000 , fut celle de la « stratégie de lisbonne » , qui vise à faire de l&apos; union européenne « l&apos; économie la plus dynamique et la plus compétitive en matière de savoirs au monde » en 2010 .
the collective response , adopted in 2000 , has been the &quot; lisbon strategy , &quot; which aims at making the eu &quot; the most dynamic and competitive knowledge-based economy in the world &quot; by 2010 .
the collective response adopted in 2000 was the &apos; lisbon strategy &apos; , which aims to make the european union &apos; the most dynamic and competitive economy in the world &apos; in 2010 .
the collective response adopted in 2000 was the &apos; lisbon strategy &apos; , which aims to make the european union &apos; the most dynamic and competitive economy in the world &apos; in 2010 .

dans l&apos; euphorie qui a suivi la victoire remportée au cours de la deuxième guerre mondiale , l&apos; espoir de rendre collective la sécurité fut placé entre les mains du conseil de sécurité de l&apos; onu , pour de bien piètres résultats .
in the euphoric aftermath of the victory in world war two , the hope that security could be made collective was reposed in the un security council-with abject results .
in the tenacity that followed the victory during the second world war , the hope of collective security was placed in the hands of the un security council , for good good results .
the hope of collective security was put in the hands of the un security council , for the sake of good results in the second world war .

de même , presque tout le monde comprend que le réchauffement de la planète pourrait être soit plus grave , soit moins grave que les modèles existants le suggèrent , mais que cette incertitude n&apos; est pas une excuse pour ne rien faire .
likewise , almost everyone understands that while global warming might be a much smaller or larger problem than existing models suggest , this uncertainty is no excuse for inaction .
indeed , almost everyone understands that global warming could be more serious , that is less serious than existing models suggest , but that this uncertainty is not an excuse for doing nothing .
at the same time , almost everyone understands that global warming could be more serious , that is less serious than the existing models suggest , but that this uncertainty is not an excuse to do nothing .

septembre est traditionnellement le mois où les orchestres et les compagnies des opéras quittent les festivals d&apos; aix , salzburg , tanglewood et de nombreux autres pour rentrer chez eux .
september is traditionally the time when opera companies and orchestras return to their home cities from aix , salzburg , tanglewood , and countless other summer festivals .
traditionally , september is the month in which oresters and companies are leaving the fvals of aix , salzburg , tanglewood and many others to return home .
in september , it is traditionally the case that the orchesters and the company companies leave the fvals of aix , salzburg , tanglewood and many others to return home .

malheureusement , l&apos; entêtement de la bce et de la commission apportent maintenant de l&apos; eau au moulin des gouvernements populistes dans les pays accédants qui comptent sur la variation des cours de change pour échapper à la discipline fiscale qu&apos; implique l&apos; adoption de l&apos; euro .
unfortunately , the stubbornness of the ecb and the european commission is now providing ammunition to populist governments in accession countries that are counting on currency appreciation to escape the fiscal discipline that adopting the euro would imply .
unfortunately , the ecb and the commission are now providing water to the mulin of the populist governments in the accreditation countries that count on the variation of exchange rates to escape fiscal discipline that the adoption of the euro means .
unfortunately , the ecb and the commission are now providing water to the moulin of the populist governments in the accredited countries which count on the variation of exchange prices to escape the fiscal discipline of the euro .

telle a été la grande leçon des années 1970 et du début des années 1980 , lorsqu&apos; une inflation effrénée a obligé les politiciens à renoncer à ce pouvoir au profit des banques centrales indépendantes qui seules pouvaient convaincre les marchés que la stabilité des prix serait restaurée .
this was the great lesson of the 1970 &apos;s and early 1980 &apos;s , when rampant inflation forced politicians to surrender this power to independent central banks , which alone could convince markets that price stability would be restored .
this was the great lesson of the 1970s and the beginning of the 1980s , when a frightening inflation forced politicians to abandon this power to the benefit of independent central banks that could only convince the markets that price stability would be restored .
this has been the great lesson of the 1970s and from the beginning of the 1980s , when the politicians forced to abandon this power to the benefit of independent central banks that can only convince the markets that price stability would be restored .

nous devons forger des capacités militaires européennes plus importantes afin de mettre en place un mécanisme nous permettant de nous placer coude à coude de manière efficace lorsque le terrorisme ou d&apos; autres catastrophes frappent l&apos; une de nos démocraties , comme cela vient de se produire .
we must forge greater european military capacities simply to put in place a mechanism that allows us to stand effectively shoulder to shoulder when terrorism or other catastrophes strike one of our democracies , as just happened .
we need to build more important european military capabilities in order to establish a mechanism enabling us to put together effectively when terrorism or other disasters hit one of our democracies , as has happened .
we must set up more important european military capabilities in order to establish a mechanism that will enable us to put us in an effective way when terrorism or other disasters hit one of our democracies , as has just happened .

étant donné que les orchestres américains ne peuvent compter sur les écoles ou le gouvernement pour fournir l&apos; éducation musicale de base nécessaire pour assurer un public constant à la musique classique , certains orchestres le font eux-mêmes avec de l&apos; argent privé .
because american orchestras can &apos;t count on schools or government to provide the basic music education necessary to ensure a continuing audience for classical music , some orchestras are doing it themselves with private money .
given that american orchesters cannot count on schools or government to provide basic music education in order to ensure a permanent public for traditional music , some of them themselves do so with private money .
given that american orchesters cannot rely on schools or government to provide the basic education necessary to ensure a constant public for traditional music , some orchesters themselves do so with private money .

ils répétèrent l&apos; expérience aux rayons x , mais avec le cristal entouré de sa liqueur mère et scellé dans un capillaire de verre , obtenant ainsi des schémas comprenant plusieurs réflexions cristallines .
they repeated the x-ray experiment , but with the crystal surrounded by its mother-liquor and sealed in a glass capillary , obtaining patterns with large numbers of crystalline reflections .
they repeat the experience of rax , but with his liqua mother and sceless in a glass capegoat , so that they can get riots with a number of tired thoughts .
they repeat the experience of rax rays , but with the hotel surrounding its mother and sceless in a glass capegoat , thereby getting schrias with a number of crunch thinking .

comme le risque de crise cardiaque est important chez les personnes âgées , dont beaucoup souffrent de douleurs liées à l&apos; arthrite requérant des traitements antalgiques , il a fallu six ans pour faire le lien entre les inhibiteurs cox-2 et une multiplication par deux ou trois des risques de crises cardiaques .
because the risk of heart attacks is high in older people , many of whom have arthritic pain requiring treatment with painkillers , it took six years to link cox-2 inhibitors to a two- to three-fold increase in the risk of heart attacks .
like the risk of a heart crisis , which is important among the elderly , many of whom are suffering from their dust related to the need for antative treatment , it took six years to link the link between the inhiles co2 and an increase by two or three risks of heart crises .
like the risk of a heart crisis , which is important among the elderly , many of whom are suffering from their doubts about the shark of anguish treatment , it took six years to make the link between the inhides co2 and an increase by two or three of the risks of heart crises .

c&apos; est seulement aprã <unk> s sa rã <unk> ã <unk> lection en automne 2002 qu&apos; il a abandonnã <unk> son ancienne position populiste , ses rã <unk> ponses ã court terme et ses mã <unk> thodes nã <unk> o-corporatistes visant ã convaincre les syndicats et les associations d&apos; employeurs .
only after his re-election in autumn 2002 , did he give up his previous populist stance , short-term responses and neo-corporatist ways of trying to talk trade unions and employers &apos; associations into compromise .
it is only just that it has been met with its presence in the autumn of 2002 that it has abandoned its former popularity position , which has already been discussed in the short term , and its short term of time , which has been met by the united kingdom and the employers &apos; associations and associations .
it was only for it to be said that it was the last autumn that he abandoned his intervention in the autumn of 2002 that he abandoned his former populist position , the rrking of the short term of office and the mighshod over and its mththeluatinatist &apos;s involvement in order to convince the trade unions and employers &apos; associations .

après tout , si les politiciens ne peuvent pas remporter les élections en prenant l&apos; argent de quelques électeurs ( y compris des générations futures , qui devront supporter une partie de la facture ) pour le redonner à d&apos; autres , ils devront travailler bien plus dur pour montrer une certaine capacité à produire des avantages publics pour tous .
after all , if politicians could not win elections by taking money from some-including future generations , which will have to foot a portion of the bill-and giving it to others , they would have to work much harder to display some ability in producing public benefits for all .
after all , if politicians cannot win the elections by taking money from a few voters ( including future generations , who will have to bear part of the bill ) to restore it to others , they will have to work much more hard to show a certain capacity to produce public benefits for all .
after all , if politicians cannot win the elections by taking the money from a few voters ( including future generations , who will have to bear a part of the bill ) to restore it to others , they will have to work much more hard to show a degree of ability to produce public benefits for all .

les enquêtes révèlent que , tout en restant dans la légalité , ses politiques sociales exploitent des lacunes de la réglementation qui , par exemple , lui permettent d&apos; échapper au fardeau des frais de santé pour de nombreux employés ( wal-mart fournit une couverture de santé à moins de la moitié de ses employés ) .
while completely legal , studies suggest that wal-mart &apos;s labor policies exploit regulatory loopholes that , for example , allow it to sidestep the burden of healthcare costs for many workers ( wal-mart provides healthcare coverage to less than half its workers ) .
the investigation shows that , while remaining in law , its social policies exploit the shortcomings of the regulation , which , for example , allow it to escape the burden of health costs for many employees ( wal-mart provides health cover less than half of its employees ) .
however , the investigations show that , while remaining in the legality , its social policies exploit the shortcomings of the regulation which , for example , allow it to escape the burden of health costs for many employees ( wat mart provide health cover at least half of its employees ) .

l&apos; amérique s&apos; appuie sur les partenariats dans la guerre mondiale contre le terrorisme . les gouvernements étrangers apportent intelligence et application de la loi ; les partenaires commerciaux assurent la sécurité des conteneurs d&apos; expédition ; les institutions financières privées suivent à la trace les transferts de fonds qui soutiennent les réseaux terroristes .
america relies on partnerships in the global war on terrorism : foreign governments provide intelligence and law enforcement cooperation ; trading partners ensure the security of shipping containers ; private financial institutions help track the transfers of funds that sustain terror networks .
the united states of america is based on partnerships in the world war on terrorism , and foreign governments provide intelligence and application of the law ; trade partners guarantee the safety of trawlers ; private financial institutions follow the transfer of funds that support terrorist networks .
america is based on the partnerships in the world war against terrorism , and foreign governments provide intelligence and enforcement of the law ; trade partners ensure the safety of containers ; private financial institutions follow the transfer of funds to the transfer of funds that support terrorist networks .

pendant la même période , les experts les plus pessimistes se sont encore plus fourvoyés , en exagérant les risques de changements négatifs là même où les experts trop optimistes avaient trop chargé en bonnes nouvelles , et en en rajoutant de nombreux autres ( j&apos; attends toujours la désintégration imminente du canada , du nigeria , de l&apos; inde , de l&apos; indonésie , de l&apos; afrique du sud , de la belgique et du soudan ) .
in the same period , doomsters performed even more poorly , exaggerating the chances of negative changes in all the same places where boomsters accentuated the positive , plus several more ( i still await the impending disintegration of canada , nigeria , india , indonesia , south africa , belgium , and sudan ) .
during the same period , the most pessimistic experts went even further , by overseeing the risks of negative changes where too many optimistic experts had too good news , and by playing many others ( i still expect the imminent disintegration of canada , nigeria , india , indonesia , south africa , sudan and sudan ) .
during the same period , the most pessimistic experts have been even more forged , by overseeing the negative changes where too many optimistic experts had too good news , and by raging many others - i still expect the imminent integration of canada , nigeria , india , indonesia , indonesia , indonesia , south africa , belgium and sudan - too many of them .

les sociétés sont devenues racialement et ethniquement complexes lorsque les populations européennes , amérindiennes et africaines ont pratiqué des mariages mixtes , mais la tendance sur le long terme de la dominance européenne , de l&apos; asservissement indigène et afro-américain , et de la pauvreté fortement ancrée ont profondément marqué les sociétés d&apos; amérique latine .
societies became racially and ethnically complex , as the european , amerindian , and african populations intermarried , but the long-term trend of european dominance , indigenous and afro-american subservience , and entrenched poverty became a scar on latin american societies .
the companies have become racial and complex when the people of europe , ameris and african people have carried out mixed marriages , but the long-term trend towards the eu , the enumerity of the european union , latin america and the united states , and the extreme poverty of latin american societies , has been very much created by the people of europe and africa .
the societies have become nationally and complex when the people of africa and africa have been mixed , but the long-term trend in the long term of the european term , of the fact that the european population of america and the american columbia have become a multi-ethnic and complex one when the people of europe , amicycle and african , have marred mixed , but the long-term trend in the long term of the european term , the indigenous and cooling of the us , and the very strong poverty of latin america , have greatly created latin america societies .

