okay .
okay .
okay .
okay .

ja ?
right ?
yes ?
yes ?

fein .
fine .
fa .
fame .

das stimmt .
it &apos;s true .
that &apos;s true .
that &apos;s true .

findet nicht statt .
that doesn &apos;t happen .
don &apos;t find it .
don &apos;t find it .

es ist interessant .
it &apos;s interesting .
it &apos;s interesting .
it &apos;s interesting .

wir heben ab .
we &apos;re taking off .
we &apos;re going to pick up .
we &apos;re going to pick up .

was sagen sie dann ?
what would you say ?
so what do you say ?
what do you say then ?

1.000 , sehr gut .
1,000 , very good .
1,000 , very good .
1,000 , very good .

okay . vielen dank .
okay . thank you very much .
okay . thank you .
okay . thank you .

das ist ein wunsch .
so this is a wish .
this is a wish .
this is a wish .

nicht giftiges drin .
there &apos;s nothing poisonous in it .
not toxic in it .
not toxic inside .

give pee a chance .
give pee a chance .
give pee a a chance .
pee a chance .

hier ist ein anderes beispiel .
so here &apos;s another example .
here &apos;s another example .
here &apos;s another example .

dk : 60.000 .
dk : 60,000 .
dk : 60,000 .
dk : 60,000 .

er zeigte immer hier hin .
he kept pointing here .
he always showed up here .
he always showed up here .

ich möchte sie etwas fragen .
i want to ask a question .
i want to ask you something .
i want to ask you something .

aber ich fühlte mich schlechter .
but i felt worse .
but i felt bad .
but i felt worse .

mich ergriff ehrfurcht .
i was in awe .
i &apos;m afraid of awe .
i &apos;m honestly honored .

so ungefähr , sie wissen schon .
like that , you know .
so , you know , you know .
so , you know , you know .

manchmal dränge ich zu sehr .
i sometimes push too hard .
sometimes i push too much .
sometimes i push too much .

was ist an diesem tag geschehen ?
so what happened on this day ?
what happened this day ?
what happened on this day ?

die daten belegen das ständig .
the data says it all the time .
the data continues all the time .
the data is constantly lighting .

sie teilt ihre erfahrungen mit anderen .
she shares her experience with others .
it divides your experiences with other experiences .
they share their experiences with others .

im grunde machen sie das gleiche .
and really you do the same thing .
basically , they do the same thing .
basically they do the same thing .

und die form spielt eine rolle .
and the form has something to do with it .
and the shape plays a role .
and the shape plays a role .

was ist sonst noch riskant ?
what else is risky ?
what else is still risky ?
what else is more risky ?

es wird aber nicht dokumentiert .
but it &apos;s not documented .
but it &apos;s not documented .
it &apos;s not documented .

denn für mich bedeutet sie erinnerung .
because to me it means memory .
because for me , it &apos;s memory .
because for me , it means memory .

und noch ist es immer keine interpretation .
and it still isn &apos;t an interpretation .
and yet , it &apos;s not a interpretation .
and it &apos;s still not a interpretation .

baseball ist voll mit tollen statistiken .
baseball is filled with some amazing statistics .
baseball is full of great statistics with great statistics .
baseball is full of great statistics .

hier ist ihr marmeladen gang .
here &apos;s their jam aisle .
this is her marked gang .
here &apos;s your brand package .

ich hab dazu ein institut gegründet .
i founded an institute with this in mind .
i started a institute .
i started a institute .

ich begann mit meinem üblichen vortrag .
and i began giving her my rap .
i started with my usual talk .
i started with my usual talk .

aber ich werde ihnen eine frage stellen .
but i &apos;m going to ask you a question .
but i &apos;m going to ask you a question .
but i &apos;m going to ask you a question .

das klingt prinzipiell erstmal ungewöhnlich .
that might sound unusual at first .
it sounds basically unusual , it sounds unusual .
this sounds very unusual .

das ist auch so ein paradigmenwechsel .
that &apos;s also a paradigm shift .
it &apos;s also a paradigm shift .
this is also a paradigm shift .

er schaltet die triebwerke ab .
he turns off the engines .
he switches off the bones .
it turns out the operations .

das ist die wahrheit . daran glaube ich .
this is true . i believe this .
that &apos;s the truth . that &apos;s what i believe .
that &apos;s the truth . that &apos;s what i think .

ich sehe den dalmatiner .
then i see the dalmatian .
i see the dalmatina .
i see the dalmatiner .

ich lebte in parallelwelten .
i lived in parallel worlds .
i lived in parallel worlds .
i lived in parallels .

sie sehen oben die zeitachse .
you see the timeline on the top .
you see the timeline up there .
you see the line up .

nun diese ebene der intuition wird sehr wichtig .
now , this level of intuition becomes very important .
now this level of intuition is very important .
now this level of intuition is very important .

was sie brauchen ist eine neue medizinische kultur .
what they need is a redefined medical culture .
what you need is a new medical culture .
what you need is a new medical culture .

was können wir also aus all dem schließen ?
so , what can we synthesize out of all this ?
so what can we get out of all this ?
so what can we close from all of this ?

eben hat ja jeder schon kuchen gegessen .
everybody was having some cake earlier .
right ? everybody &apos;s eaten .
well , everybody &apos;s got a cow .

in diesem dreisatz kommen drei sätze vor .
the first theorem is , klaus claims there is no soul .
in this three-second sentence , three sentences come .
in this three-sentence , three sentences come from .

stellen sie sich das nur für einen moment vor .
so just imagine that for a moment .
imagine that just for a moment .
imagine just a moment ago .

wenn sie jetzt mal ein stückchen weiter denken .
now let &apos;s take that a step further .
now , if you think about a piece of paper .
now , if you think of a piece of time .

sondern alles , was drin ist , ist nützlich .
everything that &apos;s inside can be utilized .
it &apos;s all that &apos;s useful .
it &apos;s all in space , it &apos;s useful .

wir sind mehr als das , wir sind bürger .
we &apos;re more than that , we &apos;re citizens .
we are more than that , we are citizens .
we &apos;re more than that , we are citizens .

wir sind losgeworden , was nicht funktioniert hat .
we got rid of the stuff that didn &apos;t .
we &apos;ve gotten rid of what doesn &apos;t work .
we got rid of what doesn &apos;t work .

und mussten sie entfernen , was wir auch taten .
we had to take them out , which we did .
and they had to remove what we did .
and they had to remove what we did .

ab nächster woche kommt das auf den markt .
as of next week , it will soon be available .
the next week comes to the market .
next week , this is coming to the market .

sie unterstützt wenn andere von ihren fehlern reden .
she &apos;s supportive when other people talk about their mistakes .
they &apos;re supporting others from their mistakes .
they &apos;re supporting others from their mistakes .

diese sätze sind absolut logisch und korrekt .
these theorems are absolutely logical and correct .
these sentences are absolutely logical and correct .
these sentences are absolutely logically and correct .

eigentlich nein , das war überhaupt nicht der fehler .
actually no , that was not the flaw whatsoever .
in fact , no , that wasn &apos;t the mistake at all .
actually , no , that was not the error at all .

ich denke also , dass das meine marke ist .
so i guess that &apos;s my brand .
so i think this is my brand .
so i think that &apos;s my brand .

das waren die allerersten berechnungen vor sechs jahren .
those were the first calculations six years ago .
these were the very first calculations of six years ago .
these were the first calculations six years ago .

wenn dein job das tanzen ist , tanze .
if your job is to dance , do your dance .
when your job is dance , they dance .
if your job is dance , dance .

hier sind die ergebnisse , die wir gerade bekommen haben .
here are the results we just obtained .
here are the results that we &apos;ve just gotten .
here are the results that we have just got .

denn eigentlich ist dieser mensch gar nicht an beweisen interessiert .
because this person is not interested in evidence at all .
because , in fact , this human being is not interested in this human being .
because actually , this human being is not interested in evidence .

und das funktionierte . applaus für scott .
so that worked . so booya for scott .
and that worked . applause for scott .
and that worked . for scott .

das ist das call-center für service und information .
this is the call center for the services and information line .
this is the call center for service and information .
this is the use center for service and information .

ich stimme erst mal zu , das ist logisch .
now , i also agree that that is rational , for now .
i &apos;ll just agree with that , that &apos;s logical .
i &apos;m just going to agree , that &apos;s logical .

wir wollten ein lernmittel für sprachlerner entwickeln .
and we wanted to build a learning tool for language learners .
we wanted to develop a learning tool for language learning .
we wanted to develop a tool for language learning .

sie wissen wohl , dass er 1835 hier war .
and he was here , as you well know , in &apos; 35 .
you know , he was 35 here in 1835 .
you know that he was 1835 here .

es ist schwer , die zerstörung zu überbewerten .
it &apos;s hard to overstate the destruction .
it &apos;s hard to overcome the destruction .
it &apos;s hard to overcome the destruction .

und wir haben eine ipad-app gestaltet .
and we built an ipad application .
and we &apos;ve created an ipad app .
and we designed an ipam app .

und der dritte bereich , der erklärt sich eigentlich von selbst .
and the third area speaks for itself really .
and the third area that actually explains itself .
and the third area that actually explains itself .

saueber kohle , sie haben viel davon gehört .
clean coal -- you &apos;ve heard a lot about it .
clean coal , you heard a lot about it .
clean coal , you heard a lot of it .

wie kann ich etwas möglichst benutzungsfreundlich machen ?
how can i make something as user friendly as possible ?
how can i make something usable ?
how can i make a little more kindness ?

und es gibt projekte wie dieses auf jeder ebene der regierung .
and there are projects like this at every level of government .
and there are projects like this at every level of government .
and there are projects like this in every level of government .

und der film heißt &quot; the <unk> <unk> ever <unk> . &quot;
and the movie is called &quot; the greatest movie ever sold . &quot;
and the movie is called &quot; the cooperative host . &quot;
and the movie is called &quot; realizing a realization . &quot;

wie gesagt , zweitausendacht hat es erst angefangen .
like i said , it all just started in two thousand eight .
as i said , it just started .
as i said , doubling it first started .

jetzt steht er auf der roten liste gefährdeter arten .
now the fish is on the iucn red list .
now he &apos;s on the red list of dangerous ways .
now it &apos;s on the red list of dangerous species .

das ist übrigens der schwierigste teil in meinem vortrag .
you &apos;ll need some logic here , but also the willingness to lie .
by the way , this is the hardest part of my talk .
this is the most difficult part of my talk .

dies ist wirklich eine außerordentliche ehre für mich .
well this is a really extraordinary honor for me .
this is really an extraordinary honor for me .
this is really an extraordinary honor for me .

wir haben eine abstrakte eine abstraktahierte sprache .
we no longer produce .
we have a abstract abstract language .
we have an abstract language of abstract language .

das war kein film , kein hd , das war echt .
not a movie , not hd -- for real .
this was not a movie , no hd , this was real .
this was not a film , no hd , that was real .

es verursachte immensen jubel im kontrollraum .
it caused immense celebration in the control room .
it took immense jews in the control room .
it creates immense jews in control room .

ich hab einen freund , der fährt einen passerati .
i have a friend who drives a passerati .
i have a friend who drives a passenger .
i &apos;ve got a friend driving a passeri .

blaise , das ist wirklich unglaublich . herzlichen glückwunsch .
blaise , that is truly incredible . congratulations .
blaise , that &apos;s really amazing . heart of happiness .
blaise , that &apos;s really incredible . heart wish .

ich war fasziniert von der eleganz und schönheit der biologie .
i was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology .
i was fascinated by the elegant and beauty of biology .
i was fascinated by the elephant and beauty of biology .

das sind viele tode durch masern , 20 pro stunde .
that &apos;s a lot of death of measles -- 20 an hour .
that &apos;s a lot of tode by masses , 20 an hour .
these are a lot of tode by masses , 20 hour per hour .

ich habe versucht , etwas über unser justizsystem zu sagen .
well i &apos;ve been trying to say something about our criminal justice system .
i tried to say something about our intrinsic system .
i &apos;ve tried to say something about our system .

das ist sie sind sozusagen alle in der vorwindelphase .
+ that is they &apos;re all in the pre-nappy stage , so to speak .
it &apos;s kind of like the suburbs in the suburbs .
that &apos;s what they &apos;re all in the forefront phase phase .

wissen sie , es gab keine mandarinen im paradies .
you know , there weren &apos;t tangerines in the garden of eden .
you know , there were no mandarin in &apos;s paradise .
you know , there was no mandaras in paradise .

eine erstaunliche fehlerquote . einer von neun unschuldig .
a kind of astonishing error rate -- one out of nine people innocent .
an amazing bug . one out of nine innocent .
an amazing miseration . one from nine innocent .

die beschaffung von software dauert in der regel ein paar jahre .
procuring software usually takes a couple of years .
the monkey &apos;s flow of software takes a few years into the rule .
the monkey of software takes place in the rule for a few years .

heute finden wir nicht einfach genuss an etwas , wir machen mit .
because we don &apos;t just enjoy now , we participate .
today we don &apos;t just find gene to something we do with .
we don &apos;t just find a little bit about something we do with .

und wir fanden heraus , dass es in der tat einen zusammenhang gab .
and what we found was that indeed there was a correlation .
and what we found was that there was actually a context in the context .
and we found that there was a context in fact .

weil die musik eine sprache ist und eine sprache ist zum kommunizieren da .
because music is a language and music is there to communicate something .
because music is a language , and language is a language to communicate .
because the music is a language and a language is to communicate there .

sie sagte es wäre wie ein donnernder zug aus luft ,
and she said it was like a thunderous train of air .
she said it was like a thnout of the air .
she said it would be like a donnell of air .

sie verdunkeln ihren urin . mehr tun sie fast nie .
they darken your urine . they almost never do more than that .
they evaporate their judgments . they never do anything .
they urge their judgments . they almost never do .

sie kommen meines erachtens nach nicht mal aus den museen .
it doesn &apos;t , in my opinion , even come from the museums .
they &apos;re not even coming from the museums .
they don &apos;t even come from the museums .

ich möchte ihnen zu einem ganz bestimmten aspekt von neugierde verhelfen .
i &apos;d like to reintroduce you to a particular aspect of curiosity .
i want to give you a very specific aspect of curiosity .
i want to help you a very specific aspect of curiosity .

tempt wird teil der show sein , was ziemlich abgefahren ist .
tempt &apos;s going to be in the show , which is pretty awesome .
template will be part of the show , which is quite desperately .
it &apos;s going to be part of the show of the show , which is pretty busy .

und ich hoffe , sie werden mit mir solche spielen entwerfen und spielen .
and that &apos;s my hope , that you will join me in making and playing games like this .
and i hope you &apos;ll play with me like this and play .
and i hope you &apos;re going to play with me like this and play .

endlich , eine lösung , die groß genug ist , unsere probleme zu lösen .
finally , a solution that &apos;s big enough to solve our problems .
finally , one solution that is big enough to solve our problems .
finally , one solution that &apos;s big enough to solve our problems .

das ist wirklich meine haut . das ist kein spezialeffekt aus hollywood .
that really is my skin . that is not a hollywood special effect .
that &apos;s really my skin . that &apos;s not a special effect of hollywood .
this is really my skin . this is not a special effect of hollywood .

nun , das erlebende selbst lebt sein leben kontinuierlich .
now , the experiencing self lives its life continuously .
well , life itself lives its continuously continuously .
well , life alive lives on its life continually .

finde also programme , welche am ehesten nummern sortieren können .
so find the programs that come closest to sorting numbers .
so programs that can make use of the husbands .
so , the programs that are the most common nucleus can do .

es ist unser neues heimatland und heißt nunavut .
it &apos;s our new homeland . it &apos;s called nunavut .
it &apos;s our new home country , and it &apos;s called nunveiled .
it &apos;s our new hometown , and it &apos;s called ninee .

und deshalb , wenn wir darüber nachdenken haben wir eine interessante situation vor uns .
and so if we think about that , we have an interesting situation on our hands .
and so when we think about it , we have an interesting situation in front of us .
and so , if we think about it , we have an interesting situation .

somit haben wir leider gottes ein stück weit verlernt zu virtualisieren .
the consequence of this is that we &apos;ve unfortunately lost a good deal of our ability to virtualise .
so unfortunately , we have a little bit of god that goes as far as virtual .
so unfortunately , we have a piece of god to do a long term .

laut und leisezeichen , f und b , et cetera .
the loud and soft symbols , f and b , etcetera .
according to and simple signs , f and b , etc .
you know , loud signs and b , etc .

der offizielle glaubenssatz von allen westlichen industrialisierten gesellschaften .
the official dogma of all western industrial societies .
the official belief of all western industries .
the official faith of all western industrialized societies .

um zwiesprache zu halten , direkt mit dem komponisten .
to maintain the dialogue , directly with the composer .
in order to keep pragmatic practice , right with the composer .
to keep twesy praying , directly with the composer .

und das ist ein gedankengang , den ich für angemessen halte .
and so there is a thread of something that i think is appropriate .
and that &apos;s a thought that i think is appropriate .
and that &apos;s a danger that i measure for measures .

wie gut , denken sie , sind sie darin die entscheidungen zu bewältigen ?
how well do you think you &apos;re doing at managing those choices ?
how good do you think you &apos;re going to make decisions about the forests ?
how good do you think you &apos;re going to make the decisions ?

die gerüche aus den ladentüren kamen aus dem rest der welt .
the smells from shop doors were from the rest of the world .
the scaffolding from the ladder came out of the rest of the world .
the framework from the ladder came out of the rest of the world .

wir befinden uns also in einer wunderbaren situation mit strom in der reichen welt .
and so , we &apos;re in a wonderful situation with electricity in the rich world .
so we &apos;re in a wonderful situation with electricity in the rich world .
so we &apos;re in a wonderful situation with electricity in the rich world .

jeder gelähmte kann nun tatsächlich allein mit seinen augen kommunizieren oder zeichnen .
anybody who &apos;s paralyzed now has access to actually draw or communicate using only their eyes .
each paralyzed paralyzed can actually communicate with your eyes or your eyes .
every yellow can actually communicate alone with his eyes or draw .

das hat alles digitalisiert , wissen , und macht es durch das internet zugänglich .
this has been digitizing everything , knowledge , and making that accessible through the internet .
this has all digitized , knowledge , and it makes it accessible by the internet .
this has all digitized , knowledge , and it makes it available through the internet .

das messer , das sie untersuchen können ; meine hand , die sie untersuchen können .
the knife , which you can examine ; my hand , which you could examine .
the knife you can study , my hand , which you can study .
the knife you can study ; my hand you can study .

denn eigentlich müssten wir ja beweisen , ob es die seele gibt oder nicht .
but with this logic , which just uses the fact that two theorems are logically correct and attaches a third one , which looks like it has something to do with the others , we can save our lie .
because actually , we have to prove whether there &apos;s the soul or not .
because , in fact , we had to prove whether there &apos;s the soul or not .

aber wenn sie versiegen , wird auch das meiste trinkwasser wegfallen .
but when they go away , so does much of the drinking water .
but if you seek , it will fall away most of the drinking water .
but if you look at it , most of the drinking water will fall away .

ich kann also in meinen verlauf hineinzoomen in einem bestimmten zeitrahmen .
so i can drill into what i &apos;ve done over specific time frames .
so i can go in my trajectory in a particular trajectory .
so i can zoom in into my lost course in a certain line .

und eines nachts , ist da ein klopfen an seiner hotelzimmertür .
and one night , there &apos;s a knock at his hotel room door .
and one night , there &apos;s a pat on his hotel door .
and one night , there &apos;s a tap on his hotel door .

gehen sie von den wenig auswahlmöglichkeiten zu den vielen , dann bleiben sie dabei .
they go from low choice to high choice , they &apos;re hanging in there .
go from the little choices to the many , then stay in .
go from the little choices to the many , then you stay in .

sie sind vorgefertigt , licht , ton , motor und sensor zu sein .
they &apos;re pre-engineered to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
they &apos;re hooked , light , clay , engine and sensor to be .
they &apos;re ferred , light , sound , engine and sensor .

und die leute hinten sagen : &quot; okay . ich habe das nicht richtig gesehen . &quot;
and the people in the back go , &quot; ok , i didn &apos;t really see that . &quot;
and people would say , &quot; okay . i didn &apos;t see it right . &quot;
and the people are saying , &quot; okay . i didn &apos;t see that right . &quot;

aber selbst ich in meiner maultierart habe manchmal dieses ding gestreift .
but even i , in my mulishness , even i have brushed up against that thing , at times .
but even in my mausion , i &apos;ve sometimes ripped this thing .
but even myself in my wall , sometimes , this thing &apos;s gone up .

und wir bekamen den auftrag ein gebäude beim eingang der expo zu entwerfen .
and we got a commission to design a building at the entrance of the expo .
and we got the mission to design a building at the entrance expo .
and we got the assignment to design a building in the process of the expo .

es verfärbte sich blau wegen der gene die wir eingefügt hatten .
it turned blue because of the genes we put in it .
it shrinks into blue because of the genes that we had inherited .
it rotates blue because of the genes that we felt .

es ist nicht so , als ob sie beide exklusiv sind oder dergleichen .
it &apos;s not like they &apos;re mutually exclusive or anything .
it &apos;s not like they &apos;re both exclusive or identical .
it &apos;s not as if they &apos;re both exclusive or the same thing .

die vereinigten staaten sind eine der beiden grössten verschmutzer , zusammen mit china .
the united states is one of the two largest emitters , along with china .
the united states is one of the two biggest pollution , combined with china .
the united states is one of the two biggest pollution , together with china .

wir entschieden uns ein experiment zu unternehmen und wir wählten marmelade für unser experiment .
we decided to do a little experiment , and we picked jam for our experiment .
we decided to do an experiment , and we chose marine marks for our experiment .
we decided to do an experiment , and we voted our experiment for our experiment .

nicht so wie ich ... ich entwickle spiele , ich bin etwas überschwänglich .
not like me -- i &apos;m a game designer ; i &apos;m exuberant .
i &apos;m not like -- i &apos;m a developer , i &apos;m a little scared .
i don &apos;t like -- i &apos;m a game , i &apos;m a little overwhelmed .

und die meisten menschen verstehen das aber sie glauben , das eine sei der input des anderen .
and most people get that , but they think that one is the input to the other .
and most people understand that , but they think that &apos;s one of the input of the other .
and most people understand that , but they believe that this is one of the input of the other .

also da gestalte ich als gestalter sehr viel häufiger das verhalten als das aussehen .
so , as a designer , i design behaviour much more much more often than appearance .
so , as an old age , i &apos;m very much more likely to look at this as a behavior .
so , as an old age , i was very much more likely to look at behavior than that .

sofort bekommen wir einen eindruck über die themen , die auf wikipedia am populärsten sind .
right away , we get a sense of what are the topical domains that are most popular on wikipedia .
immediately , we get a sense of the subjects that are popular on wikipedia .
immediately , we get a impression about the themes that are popular on wikipedia .

ich dachte nach und sagte : » ja , oma . ich verspreche es . «
and i thought about it and i said , &quot; yes , mama . i &apos;ll do that . &quot;
and i thought , &quot; yeah , oma . i promise it . &quot;
i thought , and i said , &quot; yes , oma . i promise it . &quot;

mann 5 : marke gescheiteter alkoholsüchtiger schreiberling .
failed writer-alcoholic brand .
man 5 : marke squirt alcohol advisers .
man 5 : marke &apos;s tested alcohol cash .

der vater dieses jungen manns wurde als anhänger des panchen lama identifiziert .
this young man &apos;s father had been ascribed to the panchen lama .
the father of this young man was identified as the tank of the pandea .
the father of this young manner was identified as a tag of the panlama .

ich liebe dieses bild , denn es ist das zimmer von jemand anderem und das ist sein zimmer .
i love this picture , because this is someone else &apos;s room and that &apos;s his room .
i love this picture , because it &apos;s the room of somebody else , and that &apos;s his room .
i love this picture , because it &apos;s the room of somebody else and that &apos;s his room .

wir wollen jede einzelne interaktion auf dieser welt in einen gebrauchsfertigen stein bringen .
we want to make every single interaction in the world into a ready-to-use brick .
we want to put every single interaction on this world in a pristine stone .
we want to bring every single interactions in this world into a geek station .

ich sagte ja schon , man braucht dafür ungefähr genauso lang wie für die gesprochene sprache .
like i said , you need about as much time as you do for a spoken language .
i said yes , you need for about as long as the spoken language .
i said yes , you need about the same way for spoken language .

mit der zeit konzentrieren wir uns auf die großen tiere und im meer sind das die großen fische .
over time , we concentrate on large animals , and in a sea that means the big fish .
at the time , we focus on the big animals and the sea are the big fish .
at the time , we focus on the big animals and in the ocean , these are the big fish .

insgeheim aber wollte ich eigentlich zum echten wrack der titanic hinabtauchen .
secretly , what i wanted to do was i wanted to dive to the real wreck of &quot; titanic . &quot;
but i actually wanted to go to the real wreck of the titanic .
but in fact , i wanted to get to the real rectangle of titanic titanic .

und wir denken , wir würden die umwelt schützen , wenn wir ein bisschen weniger schädlich sind .
and we think we &apos;re protecting the environment when we do a little less damage .
and we think we would protect the environment if we &apos;re a little less harmful .
and we think we would protect the environment if we &apos;re a little less harmful .

oder c , weil man es ihnen bescheinigt hat , dass sie untauglich sind .
or c , because you were told that you aren &apos;t suitable .
or c , because you &apos;ve described it to them that they &apos;re undived .
or c , because you &apos;ve given it to you that they &apos;re uncomfortable .

nun , tosh.0 gabelte es auf , viele blogs fingen an , darüber zu schreiben .
well tosh.0 picked it up , a lot of blogs starting writing about .
well , tosh.0 put it on , a lot of blogs started writing about it .
now , tosh.0 , it started writing a lot of blogs to write about it .

sie können ihre meinung äußern , auf jedem kanal zu jeder zeit , und sie tun es .
they can express their opinion on any channel at any time , and they do .
you can think of your opinions , on any channel , and you do it .
they can make their opinion every channel at every time , and they do it .

und jetzt verbinde ich den filter mit dem schlagzeug , damit ich den effekt live steuern kann .
and now i &apos;ll attach the filter to the drums , so i can control the effect live .
and now i &apos;m able to control the filter with the drums , so i can control the live audience .
and now i &apos;m going to control the filter with the headline , so i can control the live effect .

es geht mir hier nicht um die details der folie , sondern vielmehr um die generelle form .
what i want to show you is not so much the details of the slide , but the general form of it .
i &apos;m not talking about the details of the slide , but rather the generic form .
it &apos;s not about the details of the slide , but a lot more about the generic form .

und dieses problem sehen sie oft , wenn sie sich die langen listen all dieser fonds ansehen .
and you often see that problem when it comes down to those long lists of all these funds .
and this problem you often see when you look at the long bugs of all these fonds .
and this problem is often , if you look at the long lists of all these fonds .

bitte achten sie auf die form des eisbergs und wo er sich an der wasserlinie befindet .
and i &apos;d like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and where it is at the waterline .
please notice the shape of the iceberg , and where it &apos;s in the water line .
please look at the form of the iceberg and where it &apos;s on the water line .

wir werden so gut darin , was auch immer zu tun , wie die bedeutendsten menschen der welt .
we will be as good at whatever we do as the greatest people in the world .
we &apos;re going to be as good at whatever is doing , as the most important people in the world .
we &apos;re going to be so good at doing whatever the most important people in the world .

und es ist auch ein gutes beispiel , wie die regierung in das crowdsourcing zu bekommen ist .
and it &apos;s also a great example of government getting in on the crowd-sourcing game .
and it &apos;s also a good example of how the government in crowdsourcing the crowdsourcing .
and it &apos;s also a good example of getting the government in the crowdsource .

über die städte hinaus , zieht all dieses wahrnehmen und antreiben in objekte des täglichen lebens ein .
beyond cities , all of this sensing and actuating is entering our everyday objects .
beyond the cities , all of this perceived and moving into objects of everyday life .
beyond the cities , all of this perceived and drive into objects of everyday life .

im bruchteil einer sekunde verlor ich jedes gefühl und jede bewegung unterhalb meines beckens .
in a split second , i lost all sensation and movement below my pelvis .
in the fraction of a second , i lost every feeling , and every movement of my beckens .
in the brutal part of a second , i lost every feeling and every movement below my prayer .

sie wollen nicht den falschen investment fond wählen , oder gar das falsche salatdressing .
you don &apos;t want to pick the wrong mutual fund , or even the wrong salad dressing .
you don &apos;t want to choose the false pot , or you want to choose the wrong salatrium .
they don &apos;t want to choose the false , or the wrong salature .

das hat meine intuition nicht gemocht und das vielleicht nur weil ich nicht so oft mit teilchen spiele .
this didn &apos;t really sit well with my intuition , and maybe it &apos;s just because i don &apos;t play with particles very often .
i don &apos;t have my intuition , and maybe that &apos;s because i don &apos;t often play with particles .
it didn &apos;t like my intuition , and it may be just because i don &apos;t often play with particle games .

während der letzten drei jahrzehnte ist die verbrechensrate in amerika immens gesunken .
there &apos;s been this huge decline in crime in america over the last three decades .
during the last three decades , the crime rate of immense rate is immense .
during the last three decades , the vertical rate in america is disabled .

übrigens werden pro jahr etwa hundert gigawatt elektrische leistung auf dieselbasis zugebaut auf der welt .
by the way , about one hundred gigawatts electrical output on diesel fuel basis is added in the world per year .
by the way , a year , about a hundred gigawatts of electric power are built on the same basis of the world .
by the way , by the way , a hundred gigawatts are built at the same base of the world .

ob er ein aufenthaltsort eines geistes oder ein haufen erz ist , ist irrelevant .
whether it &apos;s the abode of a spirit or a pile of ore is irrelevant .
whether he contains a place of a mind or a lot of error , is irrelevant .
whether it &apos;s a place of a sanitary place or a bunch of error , it &apos;s irrelevant .

wenn paul in einer öffentlichen anhörung spricht , kann er nicht ohne bewaffnete wächter aussagen .
when paul speaks in a public hearing , he can &apos;t testify without armed guards .
if paul talks in a public reference , he can &apos;t say no armed him .
if paul speaks in a public audience , he can &apos;t say without a gun .

sie haben es vorher schon mal gehört , aber es war nie wahrer als heute , dass weniger mehr ist .
you &apos;ve heard it said before , but it &apos;s never been more true than today , that less is more .
you &apos;ve heard it before , but it &apos;s never true than today that less is less .
you &apos;ve heard it before , but it was never more true than today , that it &apos;s less .

etwas so tiefgreifendes wie unsere identität ist nun eine frage der wahl , wie diese folie zeigen soll .
something as dramatic as our identity has now become a matter of choice , as this slide is meant to indicate .
something so profound about how our identity is now a question of how to show this slide .
something as profound as our identity is now a question of choice as this slide is supposed to show .

die auf der linken seite ist jazz und die auf der rechten ist swing , aber wissen sie was ?
the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is swing , but you know what ?
the one on the left is jazz , and the one on the right is , but you know what ?
the left on the left is jazz and the right on the right is , but do you know what ?

nun , wenn ich über dieses problem rede , werde ich ihnen einige fragen stellen und ich möchte ihre antworten wissen .
now as i talk about this problem , i &apos;m going to have some questions for you and i &apos;m going to want to know your answers .
now , when i talk about this problem , i &apos;m going to ask you some questions , and i want to know your answers .
now , if i &apos;m talking about this problem , i &apos;m going to ask you some questions , and i want to know your answers .

und vielleicht wissen wir erst , aus welchem holz wir geschnitzt sind , wenn wir wirklich geprüft werden .
and , perhaps , until we &apos;re tested , we don &apos;t know what we &apos;re made of .
and maybe we don &apos;t know what wood is , when we &apos;re really tested .
and maybe we know , from which wood we &apos;re cut down when we &apos;re really tested .

sie können die zellen in ihrem körper ändern , aber was wäre , wenn sie die zellen ihrer nachfahren ändern könnten ?
you can change the cells in your body , but what if you could change the cells in your offspring ?
you can change the cells in your body , but what if you could change the cells of your drive ?
you can change the cells in your body , but what if you could change the cells of your neighbor ?

man hat mir versichert , dass sie nicht beißen . tatsächlich werden sie wohl nicht mal das glas verlassen .
i &apos;m told they don &apos;t bite ; in fact , they might not even leave that jar .
you &apos;ve told me that they don &apos;t bite . in fact , they &apos;re not going to leave the glass .
you &apos;ve given me that they &apos;re not taught . they &apos;re actually not going to leave the glass .

leider ist das schon die ganze gute nachricht , denn es gibt ein paar andere probleme , und sie wurden häufig erwähnt ,
unfortunately , that &apos;s all the good news because there are some other problems , and they &apos;ve been mentioned many times .
unfortunately , that &apos;s the whole good news , because there &apos;s a few other problems , and they &apos;ve been mentioned .
unfortunately , that &apos;s the whole good news , because there &apos;s a few other problems , and they were mentioned often .

das werden wir sie mir nicht sofort spontan beantworten können , aber es wird folgendes passieren und passiert gerade im moment .
we you wouldn &apos;t be able to answer that spontaneously , but the following would happen and is happening at this very moment .
we won &apos;t answer it immediately , but this is what &apos;s going to happen , and this is what &apos;s going to happen right now .
we &apos;re not going to answer them immediately , but it &apos;s going to happen to happen , and it &apos;s going to happen right now .

nein , die lüge , über die ich spreche , die hat damit zu tun , dass sie sich selber täuschen .
no , the lie i &apos;m talking about is one where you &apos;re deceiving yourself .
no , the lie , which i &apos;m talking about , which has to do with it , that they deceive themselves .
no , the lie that i &apos;m talking about has to do with doing so that they &apos;re devastating themselves .

menschen also , die sich evolution vorstellen als ein gen das zu einem zeitpunkt geändert wird haben viel von der biologie verpasst .
so , people who think of evolution as just one gene changing at a time have missed much of biology .
so people who think of evolution as a gene to a moment will have changed a lot of biology .
so people who think of evolution as a change at a time have been adapted a lot of biology .

zu hause in new york , bin ich chef der entwicklungsabteilung einer gemeinnützigen organisation namens robin hood .
back in new york , i am the head of development for a non-profit called robin hood .
at home in new york , i &apos;m the head of the development department of a nonprofit organization called rocity .
at home in new york , i &apos;m chef of development to a nonprofit organization called rofoods .

sie leben in einer welt , die informationen und kommunikation im überfluss hat , wie es niemand jemals hätte voraussagen können .
they &apos;re living in a world of information and communication abundance that no one could have ever predicted .
they live in a world that has information and communications over the river , like no one could have predicted .
they live in a world that has information and communication in the river , as nobody could ever have predicted .

aber energie und klima sind extrem wichtig für diese menschen , genau genommen sogar wichtiger als für jeden anderen auf dem planeten .
but energy and climate are extremely important to these people -- in fact , more important than to anyone else on the planet .
but energy and climate is extremely important for these people , actually more important than any other planet on the planet .
but energy and climate is extremely important for these people , actually more important than any other on the planet .

ich werde in einen meiner lieblingsteile dieses bildes zoomen , bis ich wirklich bei den rissen bin .
i &apos;m going to go to one of my favorite parts in this painting , and i &apos;m really going to get to the cracks .
i &apos;m going to go into one of my favorite sights of this picture of the zoom , until i &apos;m really risky .
i &apos;m going to be in one of my favorite climbing this image of zoom until i &apos;m really risky .

wir können sie hinbewegen , wo wir sie hinbewegen wollen , und wir werden sie dorthin bewegen , wohin wir wollen .
we can move it where we want to move it , and we &apos;re going to move it where we want to move it .
we can move them to where we want to move them , and we &apos;ll move them there , where we want to go .
we can move them to where we want to move them , and we will move them to where we want to .

um dies zu machen werde ich zuerst über einige andere dinge sprechen , welche wirklich nichts mit technologie oder computer zu tun haben .
now in order to do that i &apos;m going to have to talk about a bunch of stuff that really has nothing to do with technology and computers .
in order to do this , i &apos;m going to talk about some other things that really don &apos;t talk about technology or computers .
to do this , i &apos;m first going to talk about some other things that really have nothing to do with technology or computers .

dann haben wir die kleinen chips , die kleinen marken , auf den müll geklebt und angefangen ihn zu verfolgen .
then we put a little chip , little tag , onto the trash and then started following it .
then we have the little chips , the little brands that live on the trash , and we started tracking it .
and then we have the little chips , the little brand , living on the trash , and started tracking it .

wenn sie aber in italien sind , bedeutet jeder fußabdruck , dass das wasser länger in der wiese stehen bleibt .
but if you &apos;re in italy , every footprint means the water will remain in the field for longer .
but if you &apos;re in italy , every footprint means that the water stays longer in the meadow .
but if you &apos;re in italy , every footprint means that the water remains longer .

sie fragte den mönch : &quot; wieso ist ihre hand so warm und der rest von ihr ist so kalt ? &quot;
she asked the monk , &quot; why is it that her hand is so warm and the rest of her is so cold ? &quot;
she asked the monk , &quot; why is your hand so warm , and the rest of you is so cold ? &quot;
she asked the furniture , &quot; why is her hand warm so warm and the rest of her is so cold ? &quot;

sie denken sicher , dass der komponist in die noten genau alles hineingeschrieben hat , was er sich da erdacht hat .
now you probably think that the composer , when writing down the notes , already includes everything they &apos;ve thought of .
you think that the component is written in the notes is just written in everything he made .
you know , the component is written in the notes , everything that he was doing was there .

wenn wir einen maßstab hätten um die aptitute jeder hemisphäre zu messen , könnten wir ihr gehirn darstellen .
and so if we had a scale to measure the aptitude of each hemisphere , then we can plot our brain .
if we had a scale to measure the aptitudes of any hemisphere , we might be able to measure your brain .
if we had a scale to measure the aptite of any hemisphere , we could inform their brain .

sie brüten in einer stadt 240 kilometer entfernt , wo die bodenbeschaffenheit besser ist für den nestbau .
they brood in a town 150 miles away , where the soil conditions are better for building nests .
they removed to a town 240 miles away , where the soil prices are better for building the nest .
they breathed in a city 240 miles away , where the drivers are better for the nest maintenance .

wenn wir in europa zwanzig prozent hätten , dann hätten wir schon die gleichen probleme , die die leute auf dieser insel da haben .
if we had twenty percent in europe , we &apos;d immediately have the same problems the people on that island have .
if we had 20 percent in europe , we would have the same problems that people have on this island .
if we had 20 percent in europe , we would have the same problems that people have on this island .

es sortiert und durchkämmt die gesamten informationen auf der suche nach jeglicher andeutung von gefahr in unserer umgebung .
it sorts and scours through all of the information looking for anything in the environment that might harm us .
it does and it boils down the whole information on the search for any kind of cause of danger in our environment .
it &apos;s lighting and through the whole information on the search for any evidence of danger in our environment .

als ich das hörte dachte ich <unk> das ist unheimlich – das ist genau , wie mein kreativer prozess abläuft . <unk>
so when i heard that i was like -- that &apos;s uncanny , that &apos;s exactly what my creative process is like .
and when i heard that , i thought that &apos;s uncomfortable -- that &apos;s just like my creative process .
when i heard that , i thought that was uncomfortable -- that &apos;s exactly how my creative process is going .

als wir das genom erstmals 1995 sequenziert haben war die fehlerrate bei einem fehler pro 10.000 basenpaare .
when we first sequenced this genome in 1995 , the standard of accuracy was one error per 10,000 base pairs .
when we first sequenced the genome in 1995 , the error was a error with a 10,000 base pairs .
when we first sequenced the genome in 1995 , the missing rate was in a mistake of 10,000 bases .

und als computer im freien , fangen sie an , auf andere art und weise zu reagieren , sie werden wahrgenommen und angetrieben .
and , as computers in open air , they &apos;re starting to respond in a different way to be able to be sensed and to be actuated .
and as a computer in the free , they start to respond to others in a different way , and they are perceived , and they are perceived .
and as a computer in the free , they start to react in other ways and react , they &apos;re perceived and made .

aber in einer bestimmten art miteinander kombiniert , können sie etwas kreieren , das immer noch dreidimensional aussieht , als ob es existieren könnte .
but combined in a certain way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , like it could exist .
but in a particular way , you can create something that looks more and more and more and more three-dimensional than it could exist .
but in a certain kind of combination , you can create something that still looks at three times as if it could exist .

sie bieten 50 investmentfonds an -- 10 prozent weniger mitarbeiter nehmen teil als wenn sie nur 5 anbieten würde . warum ?
you offer 50 funds -- 10 percent fewer employees participate than if you only offer five . why ?
they provide 50 investments -- 10 percent less staff than if they were to offer them five . why ?
they offer 50 dollars of investment -- 10 percent less employees than only if they could offer them five . why ?

es gab eine lange pause in der leitung und er sagte : &quot; es gibt einfach zu viel hühnchen auf der welt . &quot;
there was a long pause on the line , and he said , &quot; there &apos;s just too much chicken in the world . &quot;
there was a long break in the relief , and he said , &quot; there &apos;s just too much chicken in the world . &quot;
there was a long break in the line , and he said , &quot; there &apos;s just too much chicken on the world . &quot;

heute möchte ich über eines der größten entscheidungsprobleme unserer modernen zeit sprechen , das entscheidungsüberlastungsproblem .
today i want to talk about one of the biggest modern day choosing problems that we have , which is the choice overload problem .
today , i want to talk about one of the greatest decision-making systems of our modern time , which is the decision-making problem .
today , i want to talk about one of the biggest decision-making projects of our modern time , the decision-making process .

ich meine damit nicht zauberer und drachen , sondern den zauber der kindheit , jene ideen , die wir alle als kinder hatten .
and i don &apos;t mean wizards and dragons , i mean the kind of childhood magic , those ideas that we all harbored as children .
i don &apos;t mean magicians and dragons , but the magic of childhood , those ideas that we all had as children .
i don &apos;t mean magic and draws , but the magic of childhood , those ideas that we all had as children .

heinrich , auf der anderen seite , wird zum geburtstermin geboren , er ist also am 1 märz 1980 geboren ,
henry , by contrast , is born at term , so he &apos;s born on march 1 , 1980 .
heinrich , on the other hand , is born in the birthday , so he &apos;s born in the march 191 .
hence , on the other hand , will be born to the birthday of dying , so he was born at march in 1980 .

wir haben nicht nur in der kunst , in der volksmärchendichtung , sondern auch in der wissenschaft solche großartigen lügen .
we don &apos;t only have such amazing lies in art and folktales , but also in science .
we don &apos;t just have art in the art , in the volkswal , but also in the science of this great lies .
we have not only in the art , in the volkesian , but also in science like this great lie .

und das ist ein beeindruckendes bild , denn dies ist sein lebenserhaltungssystem , und er sieht über sein lebenserhaltungssystem hinaus .
and this is an amazing picture , because this is his life support system , and he &apos;s looking over his life support system .
and this is an amazing picture , because this is his life support system , and he sees his life support system .
and this is an amazing picture , because this is his life life support system , and it looks beyond his life support system .

ich möchte sie warnen . diese art von identität fordert sehr viel mehr von uns , als wenn wir uns nicht darum kümmerten .
now i will warn you that this kind of identity is a much more challenging identity than ones that don &apos;t pay attention to this .
i want to warn you . this kind of identity requires a lot more of us than when we didn &apos;t care about it .
i want to warn you . this kind of identity of identity is very much more of us than if we didn &apos;t care about it .

also sehr viel natürlicher , zwar in einem gefäß , aber ich sehe sozusagen direkt , wo ist salz und pfeffer drin .
so a lot more naturally , and though they &apos;re in a container , i can directly see which one contains salt and which one contains pepper .
so a lot of natural , in a vessel , but i &apos;m sort of looking at where salz is switching and pepper .
so very natural , very natural , in a vessel , but i look directly at where salz is salt and pillar .

und vielleicht wird nie wieder jemand gottes namen rufen , wenn er sich dreht . aber was soll er dann mit dem rest seines lebens anfangen ?
and maybe nobody will ever chant god &apos;s name again as he spins , and what is he then to do with the rest of his life ?
and maybe someone &apos;s never going to call a god name if he turns . but what should he do with the rest of his life ?
and maybe somebody will never call god &apos;s name , if he &apos;s going to go . but what do he start with his rest of his life ?

dadurch erhitzen sich die drähte geringfügig und 13-tausend ampere begegneten plötzlich elektrischem widerstand .
so the wire heated up slightly , and its 13,000 amps suddenly encountered electrical resistance .
and so that heat turns , and 13-thousand pink encounters suddenly resemble electrical resistance .
so it turns out that the drunk barrels and 13-thousands of ampplates suddenly resisted electronics .

da sind wir eher auf der symbolischen , auf der bedeutungsebene , mit denen wir uns als gestalter natürlich auch beschäftigen .
we &apos;re more on the symbolic , on the semantic level there , something we designers are also preoccupied with .
there we are more likely to be on the symbols that we have to look at , of course , at age .
because we &apos;re more interested in the symbols , in the meantime that we think of as an age , of course .

glauben wir wirklich , dass wir erreichen , was wir erreichen müssen , ohne die eine institution zu verbessern , die im namen von uns allen handeln kann ?
do we really think we &apos;re going to get where we need to go without fixing the one institution that can act on behalf of all of us ?
do we really believe that we need to do what we need to do without improving the institution in the name of all of us ?
do we really believe that we have to achieve what we need to do without improving an institution that can act in the name of all of us ?

er hat die seerosen verschiedentlich übersetzt , so wie er sie gesehen hat , so wie sie in diesem moment auf ihn wirkten .
he translated the waterlilies differently , the way he saw them , the effect they had on them at that particular moment .
he &apos;s transferred to the sadors , as he &apos;s seen , as she &apos;s seen in this moment .
he translated the seaerotic translation , as he saw her , as she was in this moment .

wir erreichen in spielwelten mehr . ich meine gut im zusammenhang mit der motivation , etwas bedeutsames zu tun , inspiriert zur zusammenarbeit miteinander .
we do achieve more in game worlds . but i also mean good as in motivated to do something that matters , inspired to collaborate and to cooperate .
we &apos;re reaching more in the worlds . i mean , in the context of motivation , to do something meaningful to collaborate with one another .
we &apos;re going to be able to do more worlds . i mean , in the context of motivation , to do something meaningful , inspired by collaboration .

die schlussfolgerung aus dem , was ich hier gesagt habe ist , dass wir uns glück wirklich nicht vorstellen sollten als einen ersatz für wohlbefinden .
the bottom line of what i &apos;ve said here is that we really should not think of happiness as a substitute for well-being .
the implication of what i said here is that we shouldn &apos;t really think of happiness as a well-being for well-being .
the conclusion of what i said here is that we really shouldn &apos;t think of happiness as a set of wealth .

die erlösende kraft der musik brachte ihn zurück in eine familie von musikern , die ihn verstand , die sein talent erkannte und ihn achtete .
the redemptive power of music brought him back into a family of musicians that understood him , that recognized his talents and respected him .
the error power of music brought it back to a family of musicians who understood his talent and found it .
the power of music brought him back to a family of musicians who understood his mind and saw him .

was mich zur zweiten technik bringt , die ihnen hilft mit dem problem der entscheidungsüberlastung umzugehen , es ist die konkretisierung .
which brings me to the second technique for handling the choice overload problem , which is concretization .
what brings me to the second technology that helps them deal with the problem of decision-making , it &apos;s the concrete concrete concrete .
what brings me to the second technique that helps you deal with the problem of decision-making , it &apos;s the concrete concrete .

wir brauchen hier also einen großen durchbruch , etwas , dass um einen faktor 100 besser sein wird , als die herangehensweisen zur zeit .
and so , in fact , we need a big breakthrough here , something that &apos;s going to be a factor of 100 better than the approaches we have now .
so what we need here is a big breakthrough , something that is going to be a factor of 100 better than the heritage of 100 .
so we need a big breakthrough here , something that &apos;s going to be 100 times better than the heritage of time .

ein kind , das heute in neu-delhi geboren wird kann erwarten , so lange zu leben wie der reichste mann auf der welt vor 100 jahren .
a kid born in new delhi today can expect to live as long as the richest man in the world did 100 years ago .
a child who is born in new delhi today can expect to live as long as the richest man in the world is 100 years ago .
a child who is born in new delhi can expect to live as long as the richest man in the world 100 years ago .

wir versuchen , unseren ökologischen fußabdruck zu minimieren , aber es geht doch darum , einen großen fußabdruck zu haben , der nützlich ist .
we try to minimize our ecological footprint , but the point is to have a big footprint that &apos;s of use .
we &apos;re trying to minimize our ecological footprint , but it &apos;s about having a big footprint that &apos;s useful .
we &apos;re trying to minimize our ecological footprint , but it &apos;s about having a big footprint that &apos;s useful .

und natürlich zerbricht es einem das herz zu hören , dass umgekehrt den einser-schülern gesagt wurde , sie seien nur ausreichend .
and , of course , the heartbreaking , flip side of this study , is that they took the &quot; a students &quot; and told them they were &quot; d &apos;s . &quot;
and of course , it &apos;s a heck to hear the heart that surrounded the insertions of the serendipity , it &apos;s only sufficient .
and of course , it breaks the heart to hear the heart that the serendipity was said , it &apos;s only enough .

also sagte ich zu meinem assistenten , &quot; bring mir eine liste aller experten für zentrifugen und kraftwerke aus unserem kundenstamm . &quot;
so i told my assistant , &quot; get me a list of all centrifuge and power plant experts from our client base . &quot;
so i said to my assistant , &quot; i &apos;m a list of all the experts for centrifuge and power plant from our tribe . &quot;
so i said to my assistant , &quot; let me tell you a list of all experts for centrifurious and power from our business . &quot;

der grund hierfür ist , dass freiheit in sich selbst gut ist , wertvoll , sinnvoll , eine unverzichtbare voraussetzung für das menschliche .
the reason for this is both that freedom is in and of itself good , valuable , worthwhile , essential to being human .
the reason for this is that freedom in itself is good , valuable , meaningful , an unprecedent for human precipitation .
the reason for this is that freedom in itself is good , valuable , meaningful , meaningful , an unpredictable for human being .

er sprach mit der familie und ich bin mir sicher , dass er die wogen glättete und sicher stellte , dass ich nicht verklagt würde .
he talked to the family , and i &apos;m quite sure that he smoothed things over and made sure that i didn &apos;t get sued .
he talked to the family , and i &apos;m sure he had the glory , and i certainly wasn &apos;t going to be able to hire me .
he spoke to the family , and i &apos;m sure he would make the glaciers and make sure that i wouldn &apos;t be laughing .

das ist eine frage , die mich sehr bewegt als designerin , aber auch im bereich im forschungsbereich usability und vor allen dingen im bereich user experience .
this is a question that really moves me as a designer , but is also of relevance in the area of in the research area usability and especially in the area user experience .
this is a question that moves me very much as a designer , but also in the area of research , and so far ahead of things in the field of things .
this is a question that makes me very much as a design designer , but also in the field of research and all of the things in the community .

sie werden es bestätigen , denn die beweise , wie sie in einer früheren form vorlagen , sind nicht so , wie sie die beweise gerne darlegen würden .
and they will contest this because the evidence presented in an earlier mode is not in the way they would like the evidence presented .
you &apos;re going to confirm it , because the evidence like you &apos;re in a more earlier form , are not as you would like to draw the evidence .
they &apos;re going to confirm it , because the evidence of how they are in an early form , are not as much as they would like to tell the evidence .

da gab es einen gelehrten , der hieß johannes buridanus und nach dem ist der buridansche esel benannt .
there was a scholar called jean buridan , and buridan &apos;s ass was named after him .
there was a scholarship that was called johannes jurius , and after the burial buridge .
there was a scholar who was called johannes buridanus , and after the bureaugule .

stellt sich natürlich die frage , was ist eigentlich so das intuitivste handlungsschema von uns menschen und jetzt habe ich &apos; s schon verraten .
that poses the question as to what is actually the most intuitive performance scheme that we humans have and now i &apos;ve already given it away .
and of course , the question is , what &apos;s actually the most intuitive negotiation of human beings , and now i &apos;ve already talked about it .
and of course , the question is , of course , what &apos;s the most intuitive negotiation of us , and now i &apos;ve already guess .

in der beschreibung zu meiner rede steht geschrieben , dass ich als interpretin , mich als übersetzerin , also im englischen wortsinn , verstehe .
in the description of my presentation , it is written that i , as an interpreter , see myself as a translator , in the english sense of the word .
in the description of my talk , i wrote that as a interpreter , as a translator , so in english profits .
in the description of my talk , i wrote that as a interpreter , as a translator , so in the english term , understand .

der grösste einzelne faktor für die globale erwärmung , neben abholzung , welches 20 prozent ausmacht , ist das verbrennen von fossilen brennstoffen .
the biggest single cause of global warming , along with deforestation , which is 20 percent of it , is the burning of fossil fuels .
the biggest factor for global warming , besides global warming , which makes 20 percent , is burning by fossil fuels .
the biggest factor of global warming , besides global warming , which is 20 percent of fossil fuels , is the burning of fossil fuels .

wenn also ein einzelnes atom zur gleichen zeit an zwei verschiedenen orten sein kann , dieses stück metall an zwei verschiedenen orten sein kann , warum dann nicht auch sie ?
so if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time , that chunk of metal can be in two different places , then why not you ?
so if a single atom can be at the same time in two different places , this piece of metal can be two different places , why not then ?
so if a single atom can be at the same time in two different places , this piece of metal can be in two different places , why don &apos;t they do it ?

das wird auf jeden fall ein energieträger sein , der dann , wasserstoff , methan , power to gas kennen sie oder sch , das wird es dann sein .
that will definitely be an energy carrier which will be hydrogen methane , power to gas you know alr , that &apos;s what it will be .
it &apos;s going to be a fossil fuel , the water , the hydrogen , methane , the power of gas , or it &apos;s going to be .
that &apos;s going to be a coincidence of energy , then , hydrogen , methane , gas , gas , or you know , that &apos;s going to be .

wir sind also keine batteriehersteller , sondern wir definieren uns als firma , die nur zwischen dem thema batterie und dem thema netz steht und alles dazwischen .
so we &apos;re not battery manufacturers , but define ourselves as a company that stands between the theme of the battery and the theme of the network and everything else that lies between the two .
so we &apos;re not a batterman manufacturer , but we define as a company that &apos;s only standing between the theme and the web and the web , and everything in between .
so we &apos;re not a battery manufacturer , but we define ourselves as a company , which is only between the battery and the subject of the network and the net , and everything is between .

sie können mit der hand bewegt werden , sie können sich gegenseitig wahrnehmen , sie können ihre bewegungen erfassen und sie haben einen bildschirm und einen funkempfänger .
they &apos;re able to be moved around by hand , they can sense each other , they can sense their motion , and they have a screen and a wireless radio .
you can be moved by the hand , you can perceive each other , you can touch your movements , and you &apos;ve got a screen and you have a recipient gene .
you can be moved with the hand , you can perceive each other , you can touch your movements and you have a screen and you have a recipe .

und in ein paar stunden landet er und mietet ein auto , und er kommt nach long beach , und er wird eines dieser fantastichen ted-dinner heute abend besuchen .
and he &apos;s going to land in a couple of hours , he &apos;s going to rent a car , and he &apos;s going to come to long beach , and he &apos;s going to attend one of these fabulous ted dinners tonight .
and in a few hours , he &apos;s landing and ringing a car , and he &apos;s coming to long beach , and he &apos;s going to visit one of these fantastic tedsters tonight .
and in a couple of hours , he goes and he rented a car , and he &apos;s coming to long beach , and he &apos;s going to visit one of these amazing tedtalk tonight tonight .

dieses ganze outfit , inklusive der jacke hat mich 55 gekostet , und es war das teuerste stück , dass ich in dieser ganzen woche getragen habe .
this whole outfit , including the jacket , cost me $ 55 , and it was the most expensive thing that i wore the entire week .
this whole outfit , including the jacket , has cost me 55 , and it was the first piece that i &apos;ve been carrying all this week .
this whole output , including the jacket , took me 55 , and it was the first piece that i was wearing in this week .

wir glauben nicht an ein bündel dokumente von einem regierungsangstellten , der uns daten gibt , und ich verstehe das , ich denke , das tun wir alle .
we don &apos;t believe a bunch of documents from a government official giving us data , and i do understand that , i think we all do .
we don &apos;t believe in a document document of an regime , which gives us data , and i understand this , i think we all do .
we don &apos;t believe in a bloody documents of a government attack that gives us data , and i understand that , i think we all do .

und gary sagte , dass er bereit wäre allen menschen in diesem publikum einen all-inklusive bezahlten urlaub zu der schönsten straße der welt anzubieten .
and gary said that he would be willing to offer people in this audience an all-expenses-paid free vacation to the most beautiful road in the world .
and gary said that he would be willing to offer all the people in this audience , including an inclusive , to offer the most beautiful road in the world .
and gary said that he would be willing to offer all the people in this audience to offer an all-smart payment to the most beautiful street in the world .

und ich war erstaunt , auf widerstand zu stoßen , auf widerstand gegenüber dem , was am ende die effektivste maßnahme im gesundheitswesen in der geschichte der menschheit ist .
and i was amazed to find opposition : opposition to what is , after all , the most effective public health measure in human history .
and i was amazed to resist the resistance , to the resistance of what is most effective in health care in human history .
and i was amazed to contradict resistance , on the resistance of what is the most effective rule in health history in human history .

wir werden ihn anschalten , und erwarten erste daten im juni oder juli sammeln zu können , und setzen unsere reise fort , um herauszufinden was die bausteine des universums sind .
we will switch it on , and we expect to take data in june or july , and continue with our quest to find out what the building blocks of the universe are .
we &apos;re going to turn it on , and we &apos;re about to collect the first data in june or in july , and we &apos;re going to use our journey to figure out what the building blocks of the universe are .
we &apos;re going to turn it off , and we &apos;re going to expect to collect the first data in june or july , and put our journey to figure out what the building blocks are .

aber sie wahren auch ein geheimnis für unsere zukunft , eine zukunft , in der wir uns anpassen müssen an zunehmende herausforderungen , durch größere kreativität und druch verstärkte kooperation .
but they also hold a secret for our future , a future where we need to adapt to an increasingly challenging world through greater creativity and greater cooperation .
but they also have a secret to our future , a future where we need to adapt to increasingly challenges , through larger creativity and pressure .
but they also have a secret for our future , a future where we have to adapt to increasingly challenges of creativity , through bigger creativity and printing .

viele unserer freunde dachten , dass wir schön dumm seien , das zu tun und dass wir zurückkämen und alle bilder an den wänden wären graffitis gewichen .
a lot of our friends thought we were absolutely stupid to do that and that we were going to come back and all the pictures on the wall would be removed and graf on the walls .
a lot of our friends thought that we were beautiful dumb to do that , and that we were coming back and forth all the pictures of the walls would be graffiti .
many of our friends thought that we &apos;re beautiful to do this , and that we checked back and all the pictures of the walls were degraded .

sind sie verlässlich , stabil , familiär , sicher , geborgen , heilig , bedacht und weise wie der dalai lama oder yoda ?
are you reliable , stable , familiar , safe , secure , sacred , contemplative or wise like the dalai lama or yoda ?
are they reliable , stable , stable , safe , safe , safe , sacred , sacred , and how the dalai lama or younger ?
are they fake , stable , stable , safe , safe , sacred , sacred , holy , like the dalai lama or yoda ?

und deswegen haben wir uns entschlossen in berlin eine halle zu bauen , in der wir sozusagen die elektrischen verhältnisse der insel im maßstab eins zu drei ganz genau abbilden können .
and that &apos;s why we decided to build a hall in berlin , where we could precisely reconstruct , so to speak , the electrical ratio of the island on a one to three scale .
and so we decided to build a hall in berlin , which is , in which we can actually make the electric knowledge of the scale of one at three scale .
and so we decided to build in berlin a half a half where we can sort of form the electric scale of the island in the island of the island in three very easily .

die zweite falle ist eine verwechslung von erleben und gedächtnis : im grunde besteht sie zwischen glücklich sein in seinem leben und glücklich sein über sein leben oder glücklich mit seinem leben .
the second trap is a confusion between experience and memory ; basically , it &apos;s between being happy in your life , and being happy about your life or happy with your life .
the second of all is a consequence of experience and memory : it &apos;s basically happy between his life and his happy life and his life about his life or living with his life .
the second one is a devastating of experience and memory : basically it &apos;s happy between his life and happy to be happy or happy with his life .

sie sollten diese innovationsstrategie besprechen und sie wären geschockt von den lächerlich geringen geldern , die für diese innovativen herangehensweisen ausgegeben werden .
they should discuss this innovation agenda , and you &apos;d be stunned at the ridiculously low levels of spending on these innovative approaches .
you should be talking about these innovation strategy , and you would be smiled by the ridiculous money that will give you the innovative things .
they should be meeting this innovation strategy , and they would be shocked by the ridiculous ones that will be provided for these innovative innovations .

wenn dieses gerät einen rna- oder dna-virus sequenziert , der nicht bekannt ist , ruft es die gesundheitsbehörde an und verhindert eine pandemie vor ihrem ausbruch .
when this device sequences an rna or dna virus that it doesn &apos;t recognize , it calls the cdc and prevents the pandemic from happening in the first place .
if this is a device -- or dna virus sequenced , it &apos;s not known , it calls the public health , and it prevents a pandemic before its outbreak .
if this device took a rhint or dna virus , which is not known , it ruins health care and obstacle a pandemic .

es fällt uns schwer , über rasse zu sprechen , und ich glaube , das liegt daran , dass wir nicht willens sind , uns dem prozess der wahrheit und versöhnung zu nähern .
we have a hard time talking about race , and i believe it &apos;s because we are unwilling to commit ourselves to a process of truth and reconciliation .
it &apos;s hard to talk about race , and i think that &apos;s because we &apos;re not willing to approach the truth and the truth .
it &apos;s hard to talk about race , and i think that &apos;s because we &apos;re not welcome to the process of truth and reconciliation .

als ich also wusste , dass ich hierher kommen würde , um in einem tedtalk die welt von branding und sponsoring zu betrachten , wusste ich , dass ich etwas ein wenig anderes machen würde .
so when i knew i was coming here to do a ted talk that was going to look at the world of branding and sponsorship , i knew i would want to do something a little different .
so when i knew i was going to come here to a tedtalk to a tedtalk about the world and sponsoring sponsors , i knew i was going to do something a little different .
so when i knew that i would come here to look in a tedtalk about the world of brand and sponsoring , i knew i would do something a little bit different .

der transistor war eine kleine plastikeinheit , die uns von einer welt der statischen , aufeinandergestapelten bausteine zu einer welt in der alles interaktiv war bringen würde .
the transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of static bricks piled on top of each other to a world where everything was interactive .
the transistor was a little plastic unit that gave us one of the world of the static , stacking up into a world of interactors .
the transistor was a little plastic unit that was given us from a world of static stations to a world where it was all interactive .

der zweite aspekt ist , dass wir seit aufgrund dieser archaischen modellen durchaus in der lage sind sehr , sehr bildlich zu sprechen , obwohl wir heutzutage eine kodifizierte sprache benutzen .
and the second aspect is that since we because of these archaic models , we are certainly able to talk in a very , very visual manner , although we use a codified language today .
the second aspect of this is that since we &apos;ve been able to talk about this archaic modeling in the situation very , very different , even though we &apos;re using a cofidile language today .
the second aspect is that since we &apos;ve been able to talk about this archaean model in which we &apos;re very , very , very trained today , even though we &apos;re using a coordinated language .

zwei jahre später hatte ich dienst in der notfallstation in einem kommunalen krankenhaus nördlich von toronto und ich begutachtete einen 25 jahre alten mann mit gereiztem rachen .
two years later i was an attending in the emergency department at a community hospital just north of toronto , and i saw a 25 year-old man with a sore throat .
two years later , i had a service with the emergency hospital in a communal hospital in a community of torture , and i checked a 25 years old with an old man with rage .
two years later , i had service in the emergency station in a communal hospital hospital of toronto , and i asked a 25 years old man with an old man .

ich entwickle jetzt seit 10 jahren online-spiele . und mein ziel für das nächste jahrzehnt ist , es genauso leicht zu machen , die welt in der realität zu retten , wie sie in online-spielen zu retten ist .
i &apos;ve been making games online now for 10 years , and my goal for the next decade is to try to make it as easy to save the world in real life as it is to save the world in online games .
now , i &apos;ve been playing online for 10 years now , and my goal for the next decade is to make it easy to save the world in reality , how to save it in online games .
i &apos;ve been developing online for 10 years , and my goal for the next decade is to make it just as easy to save the world in reality , as it &apos;s in online games .

sie repräsentieren teile der menschlichen vorstellungskraft , die in vergangene zeiten zurückreichen . und für alle von uns , werden die träume dieser kinder , wie die träume unserer eigenen kinder teil der geographie der hoffnung .
they represent branches of the human imagination that go back to the dawn of time . and for all of us , the dreams of these children , like the dreams of our own children , become part of the naked geography of hope .
they represent the parts of the human imagination that go back to past time , and for all of us , the dreams of these kids , like the dreams of our own children &apos;s own geography of hope .
they represent parts of human imagination that are coming back in past times , and for all of us , the dreams of these children , like the dreams of our own children of geography of geography .

man könnte jetzt denken , dass das problem menschen betraf , die sicherlich , als sie in räuberischen gesellschaften lebten , tiere töteten und denen erst nach ein paar generationen bewusst wurde , was sie getan hatten .
now one should think this problem affected people certainly when in predatory societies , they killed animals and they didn &apos;t know they had done so after a few generations .
now , you might think that the problem of people looking at people who were certainly living when they were living in berry societies , animals and they had just been aware of what they had done .
now you could think that the problem of people who certainly lived when they lived in predators , animals , animals and had only been aware of a few generations of what they had done .

sie basiert auf der großartigen forschung der kognitivwissenschaft , dass , wenn wir 10.000 stunden mit dem mühsamen studium eines beliebigen themas bis zum 21. lebensjahr verbringen , werden wir zu meistern darin .
it &apos;s based on this great cognitive science research that if we can master 10,000 hours of effortful study at anything by the age of 21 , we will be virtuosos at it .
it &apos;s based on the great research science of cognitive science that , if we spend 10,000 hours with the semi-harbor of an arbitrary to the 21st century , we are going to be fearful about it .
it &apos;s based on the great research of cognitive science , that if we spend 10,000 hours with the humice to spend a popular experience until the 21st year , we &apos;re going to smile in it .

also gründete ich eine firma , zusammen mit meinem guten freund stan winston , der zu jener zeit der beste make-up- und creature-designer war . sie hieß &quot; digital domain &quot; .
so , i started a company with stan winston , my good friend stan winston , who is the premier make-up and creature designer at that time , and it was called digital domain .
so i started a company , together with my good friend , who at that time was the best makeup and crew designer , she was called &quot; digital dodo doodle . &quot;
so i started a company together with my good friend winston winston , who was the best time of makeup and crew designer . she was called &quot; digital dot . &quot;

die idee ist ziemlich einfach . vierer-teams müssen die größtmögliche freistehende struktur mit 20 spaghetti , ca. 1m klebeband , ca. 1m faden und einem marshmallow bauen .
and the idea &apos;s pretty simple : teams of four have to build the tallest free-standing structure out of 20 sticks of spaghetti , one yard of tape , one yard of string and a marshmallow .
the idea is pretty simple . four-legacy teams have to end up with 20 spaghetti structure , about 11-tape band , about 11-and a marshmallow .
the idea is pretty simple . four teams have to be able to build the biggest free structure with 20 spaghetti , about 1-foot tape , about 11111th and build a marshmallow .

jetzt können wir es genauer machen . und natürlich gibt es risiken . aber wir können etwas wie vitamin a in reis tun , und das zeug kann millionen menschen helfen , millionen menschen , ihr leben zu verlängern .
now we can do it in a more precise way -- and there are risks , absolutely -- but we can put something like vitamin a into rice , and that stuff can help millions of people , millions of people , prolong their lives .
now we can make it more accurate . and of course there are risks , but we can do something like vitamin d in rice , and that can help millions of people , millions of people , millions of lives .
now , we can do it now . and of course there are risks , but we can do something like vitama in rice , and the stuff can help millions of people , millions of people , their lives .

jetzt , als eine grundsatz frage -- ich bin fast fertig -- als eine grundsatz frage , die sache über die nachzudenken ist . das was all diese auswahl ermöglicht in den industrialisierten gesellschaften , ist der material reichtum .
now , as a policy matter -- i &apos;m almost done -- as a policy matter , the thing to think about is this : what enables all of this choice in industrial societies is material affluence .
now , as a baseline question -- i &apos;m almost done -- as a set of questions , which is about the issue , which is all of this choice in the industrial societies , is the material of wealth .
now , as a basic question -- i &apos;m almost finished -- as a basic question that &apos;s about thinking about the thing , which allows all these choices to do in the industrial societies , is the material .

und eine der ideen , die am mit in einem arbeitskreis ermittelt wurden , war , stellen sie sich diese schläuche vor , und ventile , magnetventile , klappen , die sich öffnen und schließen .
and one of the ideas that was developed at mit in a workshop was , imagine this pipe , and you &apos;ve got valves , solenoid valves , taps , opening and closing .
and one of the ideas that happened in a workforce was that they hire themselves , they hire these valleys , and magic , magnetic pulses , valves , open and open up .
and one of the ideas that were mediated in a workforce , was to imagine these tubes , and valves , magnet , magnetic valves open and open .

um ihnen jetzt zu zeigen , woran wir arbeiten , beginnen wir damit , über den amerikanischen soldaten zu sprechen , der im durchschnitt ungefähr 100 pfund auf seinem rücken trägt und es besteht die anfrage , dass sie mehr ausrüstung tragen sollen .
to show you now what we are working on by starting out talking about the american soldier , that on average does carry about 100 lbs. on their backs , and they are being asked to carry more equipment .
now to show you what we &apos;re working on , so we &apos;re starting to talk about the american soldiers , which is about 100 pounds of money on his back , and it &apos;s the question that they &apos;re supposed to carry more equipment .
now to show you what we &apos;re working on , we &apos;re beginning to talk about the american soldiers , which is about 100 pounds of his back on his back , and it &apos;s the question that they &apos;re supposed to wear more equipment .

und das überrascht vielleicht etwas , weil sich meine vollzeitbeschäftigung bei der stiftung hauptsächlich um impfstoffe und saatgut dreht , um die dinge , die wir erfinden und liefern müssen um den ärmsten 2 milliarden ein besseres leben zu ermöglichen .
and that might seem a bit surprising because my full-time work at the foundation is mostly about vaccines and seeds , about the things that we need to invent and deliver to help the poorest two billion live better lives .
and that may surprise something because my full-time employment is mainly used by vacation vaccines and doing things that we need to create and deliver the poorest two billion lives .
and that may be surprised because my full-time job in the foundation of the foundation is mostly vaccine and saves , to make things that we need to invent and to allow the poorest two billion to make a better life .

einige von uns haben sich vielleicht für eins dieser extreme entschieden , aber ich denke , dass , für die meisten menschen im publikum , ihr gehirn etwa so aussieht -- mit einer hohen aptitute , die gleichzeitig in beiden hemisphären ist .
some of us may have opted for one of these extremes , but i think for most people in the audience , your brain is something like this -- with a high aptitude in both hemispheres at the same time .
some of us may have chosen for one of these extremes , but i think , for most people in the audience , their brain looks like this -- with a high tipsy which is at the same time in both hemisphere .
some of us may have decided for one of those extreme , but i think , for most people in the audience , their brain looks like this -- with a high aptite that &apos;s at the same time .

. ich vermute , sie können sehen , dass dies viele verschiedene arten von kameras sind : alles ist dabei , von der handy-kamera zu professionellen slrs , eine ziemlich große anzahl von ihnen , die alle in dieser umgebung zusammengeflickt wurden .
i guess you can see this is lots of different types of cameras : it &apos;s everything from cell phone cameras to professional slrs , quite a large number of them , stitched together in this environment .
i guess you can see that these are a lot of different types of cameras : everything from the mobile phone camera camera camera , a pretty large number of them that were put together in this environment .
i guess you can see that this is a lot of different kinds of cameras : it &apos;s all about the camera camera to professional slums , a pretty big number of them that were put in all of these environment .

was könnte einsamer sein , als vom schweigen umhüllt zu sein , einer der letzten deines volkes zu sein , die deine sprache sprechen , keine möglichkeit zu haben , die weisheit der vorfahren weiterzugeben , oder die hoffnung kinder zu erwarten ?
what could be more lonely than to be enveloped in silence , to be the last of your people to speak your language , to have no way to pass on the wisdom of the ancestors or anticipate the promise of the children ?
what might be more inclusive than being silent from silence to be one of the last people of your people , the language , the possibility of not having an wisdom to pass the wisdom of the ancestors of the ancestors of , or the hope ?
what could be embarrassed as a swiss of silence to be one of the last volumes of the people who talk to their language , don &apos;t have a way to admit the wisdom of wisdom , or the hope of hope ?

ich studiere molekularbiologie und beschäftige mich eben jetzt seit ein paar jahren mit dem biohacking , und das habe ich angefangen , weil ich einfach genauer wissen wollte und es vor allem auch selbst machen wollte , was ich so im studium theoretisch gelernt habe .
i study molecular biology and have been doing research into biohacking for a few years now , i started doing this because i simply wanted to have more detailed knowledge and especially wanted to put what i &apos;d learned theoretically into practice .
i &apos;ve been studying molecular biology , and i &apos;ve just been studying for a few years now with biohacking , and i &apos;ve begun because i just wanted to know it , and i wanted to do it myself , which i &apos;ve learned in order to learn this theoretically theoretically .
i &apos;m studying molecular biology , and i &apos;ve been doing this for a couple of years with the biohacking , and i started , because i just wanted to know what i wanted to do , and i also wanted to do what i &apos;ve learned in the study of theoretical .

und das ist sehr erstaunlich , weil man ja eigentlich glaubt , dass diese hochtechnologie , der man da begegnet , dass die einen ja eigentlich in die zukunft bringt , aber tatsächlich ist es so , dass die zukunft genau bei uns ist , bei unseren archaischen wurzeln .
and this is really incredible , because people actually believe that this advanced technology which you come into contact with there , that it transports you into the future , but in fact the future is in us , in our archaic roots .
and this is very amazing , because you actually believe that this technology is going to be there , you know , that there &apos;s actually a future in the future , but in fact , it &apos;s the kind of future that we have in our archaic roots .
and that &apos;s very amazing , because you really believe that this high-tech technology that you &apos;re going to meet that you &apos;re actually going to get a place in the future , but in fact , it &apos;s so that the future is in our aesthetic roots .

es ist ein system in dem es zwei grundlegende positionen gibt -- diejenigen , welche fehler machen und diejenigen , welche keine machen . diejenigen , die schlafmangel einschränkt und die ohne einschränkung , die mit schlechten ergebnissen und die mit guten ergebnissen .
it &apos;s a system in which there are two kinds of physicians -- those who make mistakes and those who don &apos;t , those who can &apos;t handle sleep deprivation and those who can , those who have lousy outcomes and those who have great outcomes .
it &apos;s a system where there are two fundamental positions -- those who make mistakes , and those who don &apos;t make any money , those who contain the battles , and the constraints without constraints , which are the bad results and the good ones .
it &apos;s a system in which there are two basic positions -- those who make mistakes and those who don &apos;t do , those who are not doing . those who have the battle of sleep and the limits without the limitations , the bad results with bad results .

das war es wert mich für all diese jahr in dem sauberen raum einzuschliessen . denn , überprüfen sie das , der massstabsunterschied zwischen einem einzelnen atom und diesem stück metall ist ungefähr genauso wie der unterschied zwischen dem stück metall und ihnen .
it was worth locking myself in a clean room to do this for all those years because , check this out , the difference in scale between a single atom and that chunk of metal is about the same as the difference between that chunk of metal and you .
it was worth it for me to take all of this year into the clean space , because check it , check the massage difference between a single atom and this piece of metal is just like the difference between the metal and the metal .
it was worth me to eat this year in the clean space , because you check the massest difference between a single atom and this piece of metal is just about the difference between the metal and all the difference .

der grund , warum kinder mit dieser art von körper -- sei es zwergenwuchs oder siamesische zwillinge , sei es intersexuell -- von chirurgen oft an die norm angepasst werden , ist nicht , weil dies für ihre körperliche gesundheit von vorteil wäre .
the reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- whether it &apos;s dwarfism , or it &apos;s conjoined twinning , or it &apos;s an intersex type -- are often normalized by surgeons is not because it actually leaves them better off in terms of physical health .
the reason why kids are fed with this kind of body -- whether it &apos;s pitch or sesmatic twins , it &apos;s sexual inter-sexual interference -- many of them often adapted to the norm , not because this is for their physical health .
the reason why children with this kind of body -- is it grew up or amesthetical twins , it &apos;s interactive -- from surgeons of surgeons are often adapted to the norm , not because this would be for their health advantage of health .

und ich weiß , dass einige von ihnen sagen : &quot; ist es nicht besser so ? &quot; wäre die welt nicht ein besserer ort , wenn wir alle nur eine sprache sprechen würden ? &quot; und ich sage : &quot; gut , lass diese sprache yoruba sein . lass sie kantonesisch sein .
and i know there &apos;s some of you who say , &quot; well , wouldn &apos;t it be better , wouldn &apos;t the world be a better place if we all just spoke one language ? &quot; and i say , &quot; great , let &apos;s make that language yoruba . let &apos;s make it cantonese .
and i know that some of you are saying , &quot; isn &apos;t it better ? &quot; the world wouldn &apos;t be a better place if we &apos;re all going to speak a language ? &quot; and i say , &quot; well , this new yoruba . let &apos;s be plain .
and i know that some of you say , &quot; is it not better ? &quot; the world wouldn &apos;t be a better place if we would just speak a language ? &quot; and i say , &quot; okay , let &apos;s be this language . let &apos;s be &quot;

ich weiß nicht , ob das klug ist , wenn man sich die wichtigkeit dieses problems vor augen führt , aber es gibt nun einen diskurs in geoengineering darüber , ob man das zur verfügung haben sollte , falls die dinge schneller kommen , oder diese innovation länger braucht , als wir erwarten .
i &apos;m not sure that &apos;s wise , given the importance of the problem , but there &apos;s now the geoengineering discussion about -- should that be in the back pocket in case things happen faster , or this innovation goes a lot slower than we expect ?
i don &apos;t know if that &apos;s smart , if you take the importance of this problem , but there &apos;s a discourse of tissue engineering about whether you should have it to be available , if you want to have things that are getting faster , or that innovation takes longer than we do .
i don &apos;t know if that &apos;s smart , if you take the importance of this problem , but there &apos;s now a disc class in east engineering , whether you &apos;re supposed to be available to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to expect , or more than we need .

das große genetiker im 20. jahrhundert , t.g. dobzhansky , der auch ein kommunikant in der russischen orthodoxen kirche war , schrieb einmal einen aufsatz , mit dem titel &quot; nichts in der biologie macht keine sinn außer im lichte der evolution . &quot;
the great 20th-century geneticist , t.g. dobzhansky , who was also a communicant in the russian orthodox church , once wrote an essay that he titled &quot; nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution . &quot;
well , the great genetics in the 20th century , t.g. g.e. hannes , who was also a communist in the russian dox church , wrote a paper once , wrote a title , &quot; nothing in the power of biology , except for the evolution of evolution . &quot;
the great genetics in the 20th century , t.g. dozhansky , who was also a communication in the russian orthodox church , once wrote a sentence , once in which nothing doesn &apos;t matter in biology .

ich werde ihnen jetzt eine studie beschreiben , die ich mit gur huberman , emir kamenica , wei jang durchführte , in der wir uns die entscheidungen zu sparplänen für die rente von fast einer million amerikanern von ungefähr 650 plänen in den gesamten vereinigten staaten ansahen .
now i &apos;m going to describe to you a study i did with gur huberman , emir kamenica , wei jang where we looked at the retirement savings decisions of nearly a million americans from about 650 plans all in the u.s .
i &apos;m going to describe to you now a study that i did with guinea , i &apos;m going to take a look at eve , ji wei , where we &apos;re going to make the decisions that we make for the retirement savings of almost one million american places in the entire united states .
now , i &apos;m going to describe you a study that i &apos;m talking to gur huberman , eena , i &apos;ve led to jena , ji jordan , where we &apos;re going to make the decisions that we &apos;re going to make , for example , are almost a million americans in the united states in all over the united states .

weil wir diese selbsttäuschung , dieses gefühl , großartig zu sein , abstammung von den höchsten wesen , nicht von einer solchen naturebene , von so etwas unberechenbarem wie einem organismus , der noch dazu existiert , einem stein vergleichbar und sonst welchen dingen , das ist für uns unaushaltbar .
because we want this self-deception , this feeling of being brilliant , descended from the highest beings , not from that natural level , from something as unpredictable as an organism that exists much like a stone and other such things , that &apos;s unbearable for us .
because we have this self-deception , this sense of being great , partly because of the highest creature , not of such a rebellious , of something as impairable as a organism , which gives you a sense of comparable stone , which is something that is unsustainable for us .
because we have this self-deception , this feeling of being great , triggering by the highest creatures , not from a reference , of something as uncomputational as a organism that exists to another organism , and whatever things that &apos;s wrong for us .

aber wir wollten noch viel weiter gehen . wir wollten ein gesamtes bakterielles chromosom bauen . es hat mehr als 580.000 buchstaben genetischen code . so dachten wir uns , wir bauen es in kassetten von der größe des virus womit wir die größe der kassetten variieren konnten um zu verstehen was die einzelnen komponenten einer lebenden zelle sind .
but we wanted to go much larger : we wanted to build the entire bacterial chromosome -- it &apos;s over 580,000 letters of genetic code -- so we thought we &apos;d build them in cassettes the size of the viruses so we could actually vary the cassettes to understand what the actual components of a living cell are .
but we wanted to go much further . we wanted to build a bacterial chromosome , and it has more than 50,000 letters of genetic code , so we thought we could build it in the size of the virus that we could understand the size of the virus , which is the size of the individual components .
but we wanted to go much further . we wanted to build a total bacterial chromosome , and it was more than 50,000 genetic code . so we thought we could build it in knee &apos;s size of the size of the size of the size of the system to understand what the individual cell is .

wissen sie , als michelangelo den moses formte , heißt es , dass er am ende den hammer nahm und ihn auf moses warf – tatsächlich können sie immer noch eine kleine stelle untendrunter sehen – und sagte , rief , &quot; perché non parli ? warum sprichst du nicht ? &quot;
you know , when michelangelo sculpted the moses , at the end it said that he took the hammer , threw it at the moses -- actually you can still see a small chip underneath -- and said , shouted , &quot; perché non parli ? why don &apos;t you talk ? &quot;
you know , when michelangelo &apos;s mozart is , does it mean he actually took the hammer , and he threw it on the mud -- in fact , you can still see a little injury -- and he said , &quot; oh , perchli paron ? why don &apos;t you leave ? &quot;
you know , you know , as michelangelo mount , it means that he took the end of the hammer and took it on mosquito -- in fact , they can still see a little unlocked place -- and he said , &quot; oh , my chief parker ? why don &apos;t you do ? &quot;

ich hatte dieses stück &quot; avatar &quot; geschrieben , das die messlatte in sachen visueller effekte und computergenerierter effekte in ganz neue höhen schieben sollte , mit realistischen menschlichen , ausdrucksvollen charakteren , die mittels cg hergestellt worden waren . und die hauptfiguren sollten alle cg sein . und die welt sollte cg sein .
so , i wrote this piece called &quot; avatar , &quot; which was meant to absolutely push the envelope of visual effects , of cg effects , beyond , with realistic human emotive characters generated in cg , and the main characters would all be in cg , and the world would be in cg .
i had written this piece &quot; avatar , &quot; which was the measured in visual effects and computer chiefs , which should be shocked into new heights , with realistic human expression , which were the medicines made , and the characters should be all the main cds . and the main cg should be the world .
i had written this piece of avatar , which was written by the latin measures in visual effects and computer generous effects in all new caves , with realistic expressions that were made by human expressions that were made out of middle age . and the main characters should be all the world .

wenn einer nein gesagt hat , war das vetoprinzip , das hat einen völlig zermürbt . ich habe zehn jahre lang ich habe schwer daran gezweifelt , ob ich mein tolles ingenieurstudium vielleicht wirklich an eine schwachsinnige sache verschwende , weil auch alle kollegen meines vaters immer ihm zugeredet haben , du hast das geld zum fenster rausgeschmissen bei deinem kind .
if one person said no , there was the veto principle , which was totally demoralising , for ten years , i i had grave doubts as to whether i was perhaps really wasting my great engineering degree on something ridiculous , also because all my father &apos;s colleagues had told him , you wasted your money on your child .
if any of you said no , it was the vett &apos;s cattle , which has a completely crumble , and i &apos;ve spent 10 years trying to do it for two years , whether i &apos;m a great engineer to actually turn it into a guild thing , because all of my colleagues have always been talking to him , you &apos;ve always talked to the kid &apos;s money on the window .
if a no one said , it was the vetti copera , which was a completely certified . i &apos;ve been very hard for 10 years , i &apos;ve been looking at whether i &apos;ve had my great engineering engineering to do it , maybe i &apos;m really disappearing a really bad thing because all of my colleagues were talking to him , you &apos;ve always missed the window of a window .

am ende dieser erstaunlichen initiation werden sie eines tages plötzlich nach draußen genommen und zum ersten mal in ihrem leben , im alter von 18 jahren , sehen sie einen sonnenaufgang . und in diesem kristallklaren moment des bewusstseins des ersten lichts , wenn die sonne beginnt auf die hänge der erstaunlich schönen landschaft zu strahlen , wird plötzlich alles , was sie im abstrakten gelernt haben in erstaunlicher pracht bestätigt . und der priester tritt zurück und sagt , &quot; seht ihr ? es ist wirklich , wie ich euch erzählt habe .
and at the end of this amazing initiation , one day they &apos;re suddenly taken out and for the first time in their lives , at the age of 18 , they see a sunrise . and in that crystal moment of awareness of first light as the sun begins to bathe the slopes of the stunningly beautiful landscape , suddenly everything they have learned in the abstract is affirmed in stunning glory . and the priest steps back and says , &quot; you see ? it &apos;s really as i &apos;ve told you .
at the end of this amazing initiation , one day , suddenly , and for the first time in their lives , at the age of 18 years , you see a sunrise . and in that moment of consciousness , the first person of all , when the sun begins to come out of the beautiful landscape , everything they learned in the abstract places , and they &apos;ve learned about it in the abstract , and they &apos;ve been saying , &quot; look at it , you know , how do you know , how do you think it &apos;s really ?
at the end of the end of this amazing initiation , you will suddenly take a day out of a day , and for the first time in your life , in the age of 18 years , you see a sunlight . and in this crystal moment , the first moment of consciousness begins when the sun begins to begin to see what &apos;s going on the beautiful landscape , you &apos;ve learned , everything you &apos;ve learned in practice , and you &apos;ve really learned , &quot; and i &apos;ve really seen it back to see ? &quot;

