danke .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

danke .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

nach einer woche .
after one week .
after a week .
after a week .

die einzige chance .
that &apos;s your only chance .
the only opportunity .
the only opportunity .

klingt vertraut , was ?
sound familiar ? right .
sounds familiar , what ?
familiar , what ?

also treffen sie al .
so meet al .
so they meet al .
so they meet al .

sie wussten also alles .
so they know everything .
so they knew everything .
so they knew everything .

sie benutzen ihre hände .
they &apos;re using their hands .
they use their hands .
they use their hands .

aber die falschen dinge .
but the wrong things .
but the wrong things .
but the wrong things .

und ich arbeitete weiter .
and i went back to work .
and i kept working on .
and i was working on .

stellen sie die kamera aus .
turn the camera off .
imagine the camera .
imagine the camera .

er hatte die erfahrung gehabt .
he had had the experience .
he had the experience .
he had the experience .

nennen wir ihn ebenfalls don .
let &apos;s call him don too .
let &apos;s call it a don &apos;t .
now , let &apos;s also call it don &apos;t .

es wäre gewissenlos .
it would be unconscionable .
it would be useless .
it would be knowledge .

man sieht das wasser kommen .
you can see the water coming .
you see the water coming in .
you see the water coming .

möglicherweise ist das der wirklichkeit .
perhaps instead , of what &apos;s really going on .
maybe that &apos;s the reality of reality .
maybe that &apos;s the reality .

ich wollte sie unterstützten .
i wanted to support them .
i wanted to support them .
i wanted to support them .

&quot; natürlich &quot; , sagte ich .
&quot; absolutely , &quot; i said .
&quot; of course , &quot; i said .
&quot; of course , &quot; i said .

und das funktionierte sehr gut .
and that worked pretty well .
and that worked very well .
and that worked very well .

spiel ist nicht albern ,
play is not frivolous .
game is not silly .
game is not albern .

und natürlich ist das unglaublich träge .
and of course that &apos;s incredibly slow .
and of course , this is incredible .
and of course , this is incredible .

ich würde es nicht empfehlen .
i wouldn &apos;t recommend it .
i wouldn &apos;t recommend it .
i wouldn &apos;t recommend it .

fragte die krankenschwester sachlich .
the other nurse asked matter-of-factly .
the nurse &apos;s nurse .
asked the nurse .

denn hat hier jemand masern ?
because , did anyone have measles here ?
because does anybody have a mask ?
because does anybody have masses here ?

hmmm , meine marke ?
um , my brand ?
hmmm , my brand ?
hm , my brand ?

und dieses video ist in echtzeit .
and this video is real time .
and this video is in real time .
and this video is in real time .

das hat mit wissenschaft nichts zu tun .
this has nothing to do with science .
it has nothing to do with science .
this has nothing to do with science .

aber möglicherweise ist dies nicht der fall .
but perhaps that &apos;s not the case .
but maybe this is not the case .
but maybe this is not the case .

das ist ein bild des objekts .
this is a photograph of the object .
this is a picture of the object .
this is a picture of the object .

dann kriegen wir dieses ganze positive feedback .
and then we get all this positive feedback .
then we get this whole positive feedback .
then we get this whole positive feedback .

ganz einfach , so wird es kommen .
it &apos;s simple , that &apos;s what will happen .
very simple , that &apos;s how it &apos;s going to come .
all right , that &apos;s how it &apos;s going to come .

falls sie es noch nicht gehört haben ,
if you don &apos;t know it already , this is coming .
if you haven &apos;t heard it yet .
if you haven &apos;t heard it yet .

wer hätte das alles voraussehen können ?
and who could have predicted any of this ?
who could have it all ?
who could have looked at this ?

da hat er sich angemeldet .
and moreover , you don &apos;t tell your teacher that you like to set fires and are happy when the fire flares up .
there he &apos;s been reporting .
there he was melting .

nun schauen sie sich diese kurve an .
now look at this curve .
now look at this curve .
now look at this curve .

und sie ist auch sehr riskant .
and it &apos;s also very risky .
and it &apos;s also very risky .
and it &apos;s also very risky .

sie sind weg . sie sind verschwunden .
it &apos;s gone . it &apos;s vanished .
they &apos;re gone . they &apos;re gone .
they &apos;re gone . they &apos;re gone .

aber ich stellte mir fortan diese fragen .
and i kept asking myself these questions .
but i kept asking myself to these questions .
but i asked myself to ask these questions .

lassen sie mich ihnen ein wenig darüber erzählen .
let me tell you a bit about it .
let me tell you a little bit about it .
let me tell you a little bit about it .

es gibt einiges , das zusammenkommen muss .
there &apos;s a lot that has to come together .
there &apos;s a lot of things to come together .
there &apos;s a lot of things that have to come together .

und egal , italien hat am ende gewonnen
and anyway , italy won at the end .
and no , italy won the end .
and no matter , italy won the end .

ich werde mit dem künstler direkt verhandeln .
i &apos;m going to deal directly with the artist .
i &apos;m going to negotiate with the artists directly .
i &apos;m going to negotiate with the artist directly .

und ökologisch war es eine katastrophe .
and ecologically , it was a disaster .
and ecologically it was a disaster .
and ecologist was a disaster .

sie hat uns gewissermaßen verkuppelt .
she kind of set us up .
it has a certain number of sales .
it &apos;s given us in a way .

das offizielle dogma von was ?
the official dogma of what ?
the official dogma of what ?
the official dogma of what ?

aber so viele erhielten über die jahre hilfe .
but so many over the years were helped .
but that &apos;s how many people got over the years .
but that &apos;s how many people got over the years .

weil das ist damit ja belegt , oder ?
that proves it , doesn &apos;t it ?
because that &apos;s a matter of evidence , right ?
because that &apos;s why it &apos;s lighting , right ?

das ist also , wie der supermarkt ist .
so this is what the supermarket is like .
so this is how the supermarket is .
so this is how the supermarket is .

und das ist ein millionen-konzern .
and that &apos;s a multi-million dollar corporation .
and that &apos;s a millionaire .
and this is a millionaire .

das wird ein schlüsselelement dieses zeugnisses .
that &apos;s a key element of making that report card .
this is going to be a key element of this toy .
this is going to be a key element .

dann flüsterte er mir ins ohr .
and he whispered in my ear .
then he whispered me into the ear .
and then he took me to the ears .

auf der linken seite sehen sie ein kleines boot .
you can see on the left side a small boat .
on the left-hand side , you see a little boat .
on the left , you see a little boat .

er ist noch nicht in anderen ländern raus gekommen .
it &apos;s not even been out into other foreign countries yet .
he hasn &apos;t come out in other countries .
he &apos;s not coming out in other countries .

jetzt versucht jeder aus diesem muster etwas zu erkennen .
everybody is now trying to recognise something in this pattern .
now everybody &apos;s trying to figure out something about this pattern .
now , every one of these patterns is trying to recognize something .

ich möchte ihnen helfen , sich zu beruhigen .
i want to help you calm down .
i want to help you calm down .
i want to help you to calm .

sie haben es warscheinlich in den nachrichten gesehen .
you probably saw it on the news .
you &apos;ve seen it in the news for you .
you &apos;ve seen it in the news .

das firmenhauptquartier ist genau hier .
the company headquarters are right here .
the headquarters headquarters are right here .
the corporate headquarters is right here .

sag , &quot; bitte wiederhole diesen prozess . &quot;
say , &quot; please repeat that process . &quot;
tell me , &quot; please repeat this process . &quot;
tell , &quot; please repeat this process . &quot;

und ich habe alle möglichen kleinen requisiten hier .
and i have all sorts of little props here .
and i have all kinds of little things here .
and i have all sorts of little bits here .

und das alles führt uns zu der einen großen frage ...
and so it all brings us to one big question ...
and all of this leads to a big question ...
and all of this leads us to a big question .

ich möchte ihnen erzählen , wie wir das herausgefunden haben .
i want to tell you how we found that out .
i want to tell you how we found that .
i want to tell you how we found this .

wir sehen das gleiche bei der behindertenrechtsbewegung .
we see the same thing with the disability rights movement .
we see the same with the disabled movement .
we see the same thing in disabled movement .

ein bisschen mehr über sie , das nicht sie sind .
... a little more about you that is not who you are .
a little bit more about you , that &apos;s not you .
a little bit more about you , that &apos;s not you .

man kann hier dinge sagen , die weltweit einfluss haben .
and you can actually say things here that have impacts around the world .
you can say things that have influence in the world .
you can say things here , the world &apos;s influence .

dann sage ich , herzliches beileid , ja ?
then i would say , my warm condolences , you see ?
and then i say , heart sorry , yes ?
then i say , heart disease , yes ?

und das ist so &apos; n bißchen die botschaft .
and that &apos;s kind of the message .
and that &apos;s what &apos;s like , the message .
and that &apos;s the message of the message .

stellen sie sich mal ein geräuschloses flugzeug vor .
now imagine being in a plane with no sound .
imagine a sound airplane on the plane .
imagine a sovereign airplane .

mittwoch : umarmen sie ihr inneres kind .
wednesday : embrace your inner child .
wednesday : embrace your inner child .
medieval : huh your child .

maniok ist etwas , das eine halbe milliarde menschen essen .
cassava &apos;s something that half a billion people eat .
ok , this is something that is half a billion people eat .
manifest is something that is a billion people eat .

das einzige problem dabei war , dass sie zehn kinder hatte .
and the only challenge was that she had 10 children .
the only problem was that she had 10 children .
the only problem was she had 10 children .

nun , am nächsten tag waren wir in cleveland .
well , the next day we were in cleveland .
well the next day we were in cleveland .
well , the next day we were in cleveland .

also sage ich , lasst die weltverändernden spiele beginnen !
so , i say : let the world-changing games begin .
so i say , let &apos;s start the world changing games !
so i say , let &apos;s start the world &apos;s changing games !

man geht also einfach zu googleartproject.com .
so , simple : you come to googleartproject.com .
so you &apos;re just going to go to google projet.com .
so you just go to google projects .

auch städtedesigner und -bauer sind sehr interessiert .
there &apos;s designers and builders of cities who are very interested .
also urban designer and -building is very interested .
also urban designers and construction are very interested in .

die erste geschichte handelt von charles darwin , einem meiner helden .
and the first story is about charles darwin , one of my heroes .
the first story of charles darwin , one of my heroes .
the first story is about charles darwin , one of my heroes .

sie schlossen sie an die beatmungsmaschine an .
they put her on a ventilator .
they put it in the beaters machine .
she put them on the beatening machine .

beutelratte ? ja . lebendig ? yap .
opossum ? check . living ? yep .
thylacines ? yes . living ? yours .
thylacines ? yes . alive ? yell .

also sollten wir besser bald herausfinden , was das ziel darstellt .
so we better find out what the target is soon . &quot;
so we should be able to figure out what the goal is .
so we should better figure out what the goal is .

ein ein baby braucht etwa sechstausend windeln .
one a baby needs about six-thousand nappies .
a baby needs to take about six wind .
a baby needs about searching wind .

warum werben sie um uns , wenn wir nicht kaufen können ?
why do they market to us if we can &apos;t buy them ?
why do you care about us if we can &apos;t buy us ?
why are you going to buy us if we can &apos;t buy ?

sie machen sich immer sorgen , dass sie regalfläche verlieren .
they &apos;re always worried they &apos;re going to lose shelf space .
they always worry that they lose real galleries .
they always worry that they lose real space .

meine mutter , meine schwester und ich schliefen im selben bett .
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .

ich werde es ihnen nicht erzählen , weil ich es benutzen will .
i &apos;m not telling you about it because i want to use it .
i &apos;m not going to tell you because i want to use it .
i &apos;m not going to tell you it because i want to use it .

er hat eine futterverwertung von 15 zu eins .
it &apos;s got a feed conversion ratio of 15 to one .
he &apos;s got an feed of 15 .
he &apos;s got a charity from 15 to one .

so haben die menschen im westen wirklich lange zeit über kreativität gedacht .
and this is how people thought about creativity in the west for a really long time .
so people in the west have really thought about creativity .
so people have really thought about creativity for a long time .

dann lasst uns diese analogie mal in die zukunft projizieren .
so let &apos;s project this analogy going forward .
and then let &apos;s put this analogy into the future .
then let &apos;s put this analogy into the future .

das konventionelle system sieht überall auf der welt so aus .
the conventional system looks like this all over the world .
the conventional system looks like this all over the world .
the conventional system looks like this all over the world .

wir reden von dem fluch des informationsüberflusses .
we talk about the curse of information overload .
we &apos;re talking about the fluctuation of information overload .
we &apos;re talking about the fluke of information overwhelming .

nochmals : welches potenzial möchten wir denn nun abrufen ?
so again , which potential do we want to bring out ?
again , what potential do we want to call ?
again , which potential we want to call out ?

sie sehen die person , die sich fragt , was im inneren passiert .
you see the person puzzled about what was going on inside .
you can see the person who &apos;s wondering what &apos;s going on inside of it .
you see the person who wonder what &apos;s going on inside .

die meisten von ihnen werden komplett ignoriert vom erinnernden selbst .
most of them are completely ignored by the remembering self .
most of you will be completely ignored by remembering the self .
most of them are completely ignored by memory .

man macht den fehler jetzt , und man zahlt dafür sehr viel später .
you make the mistake now , and you pay for it a lot later .
you make the mistake now , and you pay a lot later on .
you make the errors now , and you pay a lot later .

und die motive von online-kriminellen sind sehr leicht zu verstehen .
and the motives of online criminals are very easy to understand .
and the motives of online criminals are very easy to understand .
and the motives of online criminals are very easy to understand .

denn er weiß nicht , zu welchem heuhaufen er zuerst gehen soll .
because it doesn &apos;t know which haystack it should go to first .
because he doesn &apos;t know what to do first of all .
because he doesn &apos;t know what pile is to go first .

sie investieren einen großteil ihrer zeit in den zusammenbau ständig wachsender strukturen
they spend the majority of their time assembling the sticks into ever-growing structures .
they invest a lot of their time in the construction of the growing structures .
they invest a lot of their time in the growing structures of growing structures .

es bedeutet , dass wir einen kulturellen einfluss neben dem wissenschaftlichen erreichten .
it means we made cultural impact as well as scientific impact .
it means that we have a cultural impact beside the scientific literacy .
it means that we get a cultural impact next to the scientific impact .

der richter betrachtet ihn als erwachsenen , aber ich sehe ein kind .
and the judge has certified him as an adult , but i see this kid .
the judge looks at him as adults , but i see a child .
the judge looks at him as adults , but i see a child .

ich mag dinge , die sonderbar sind . ich mag sonderbare dinge .
i like things that are weird . i like weird things .
i like things that are special . i like weird things .
i like things that are weird . i like special things .

sie steigern die lähmung und senken die zufriedenheit .
you increase paralysis , and you decrease satisfaction .
they like to increase the paralysis and the satisfaction .
they &apos;re going to increase the paralysis and the satisfaction .

da frage ich , wie fachlich kompetent war diese diagnose ?
then my question is , how professionally competent was this diagnosis ?
since i ask , how do you get this diagnosis ?
there &apos;s a question , how do you know , is this diagnosis ?

und ich musste den journalisten erklären , dass es diesen test nicht gibt .
and i had to explain to the journalists there isn &apos;t such a test .
and i had to explain the journalists that there &apos;s not that test .
and i had to explain the journalists that there &apos;s not this test .

das hier ist meine wlan-waage . ein sehr einfaches ding .
this is my wifi scale . it &apos;s a very simple thing .
this is my side a.m. a very simple thing .
this is my weekly wage . a very simple thing .

gegen ende märz wird der lhc wieder funktionsfähig sein .
by the end of march the lhc will be intact again .
by the end of march , the lhc will be able to do it again .
at the end of march , the lhc is going to be able to work again .

und was ich lernte , ist dass fehler absolut unumgänglich sind .
and what i &apos;ve learned is that errors are absolutely ubiquitous .
and what i learned is that error is absolutely unbelievable .
and what i learned is that error are absolutely uncomfortable .

aber sie tut etwas , was keine andere regierungstechnologie tut .
but it &apos;s doing something that no other government technology does .
but she does something that does not do any other regional technology .
but it does something that doesn &apos;t do any other regime technology .

wir müssen also nicht die leute kontrollieren , möglichst wenig schlecht zu sein .
so we don &apos;t have to keep an eye on the people to make sure they do as little evil as possible .
so we don &apos;t have to control people , we don &apos;t have to be bad .
so we don &apos;t have to control the people , to be bad .

bevor ich den vortrag abschließe , möchte ich ihnen von meiner großmutter erzählen .
before i close though , let me tell you about my grandmother .
before i finish the talk , i want to tell you about my grandmother .
before i close the talk , i want to tell you about my grandmother .

und weder die maschinenführer , noch das sicherheitssystem wird es bemerken .
and neither your operators nor your safety system will notice it .
and neither of the machine leaders , the security system will notice .
and not the machine leaders , nor the security system will notice it .

weil es ist unfreundlich , zu gehen und die nährstoffe mitzunehmen .
because it &apos;s unfriendly to go and take the nutrients with you .
because it &apos;s unfriendly to go and take the nutrients .
because it &apos;s unfriendly to go and take the nutrients .

man verbindet ihn mit einem bestimmten ton und neigt ihn dann zum einstellen .
you attach it to a particular sound and then tilt to adjust it .
you connect it with a particular tone , and then you close it to the entry .
you connect it with a certain sound , and then you put it into it .

und das können sie machen , weil sie ursache und korrelation nicht verbinden .
and they can do it because they don &apos;t link causation and correlation .
and that &apos;s what you can do , because you don &apos;t combine it , and you don &apos;t combine it .
and they can do that because they &apos;re not interacting and correct .

jetzt hätte ich gern meine eigenen kinder , und ich denke noch an das boot .
now i would like to have my own children , and i wonder about the boat .
now , i &apos;d like to have my own kids , and i think about the boat .
now i &apos;d like to have my own children , and i still think about the boat .

ein kunstwerk , das man nie anschaut , hat keine kraft zu wirken .
a work of art that is never looked at will never gather the strength to have an effect .
a piece of work that you never look at has no force to do .
a artwork that you never look at has no power to do .

und das ist diese projektion des sehens , rückkopplung , sehen .
and that &apos;s the projection of seeing , feedback , seeing .
and this is this projection of vision , feedback copying , see .
and this is this projection of vision , spinal cord , see .

und zwar jedes lebewesen verwendet die exakt gleichen buchstaben und denselben code .
in fact , every living creature is written in exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
and every single thing is used to use the exact same letters and the same code .
in fact , every living creatures use the exact same letters and the same code .

eine befreundete journalistin hatte seit langem von diesem fisch gesprochen .
a journalist friend had been talking about this fish for a long time .
a fred journalists had talked about a long time ago from this fish .
a free journalist had been talking about this fish since this fish .

und es klappte für eine zeit lang , bis ich frau drucker traf .
and it worked for a while , until i met mrs. drucker .
and it worked for a while , until i met a woman &apos;s printer .
and it worked for a while until i met a woman printer .

und ich kann sozusagen alles , was ich heute bisher angesehen habe , wieder zurückholen .
and i can sort of replay some stuff that i was looking at earlier today .
and i can sort of do anything that i &apos;ve been looking back today , again .
and i can look at everything i &apos;ve been looking back today .

im moment , in dieser welt , denken wir , dass daten ein fluch sind .
so right now , in this world , we think about data as being this curse .
right now , in this world , we think that data is a fluctuation .
right now , in this world , we think that data is a fluke .

weil man das eben so macht , wenn man yosemite mountain <unk> heißt .
because that &apos;s what you do when your name is yosemite mountain bear .
because you do this kind of thing if you &apos;re called yosemite .
because you just do that , if you call yosemi-headviews .

ich ging dorthin , denn ich wuchs in europa auf und wollte später in afrika arbeiten .
i was there because i grew up in europe and i wanted later to work in africa .
i went there because i grew up in europe and i wanted to work in africa later .
i went there because i wanted to work in europe , and i wanted to work in africa .

co2 erwärmt den planeten und die gleichung für co2 ist eigentlich ziemlich klar .
co2 is warming the planet , and the equation on co2 is actually a very straightforward one .
co2 warms the planet and the equation for co2 is actually pretty clear .
co2 heat the planet and the equation for co2 is actually quite clear .

und sie sind alle -- glück für augenblicke ist ein ziemlich komplizierter prozess .
and they &apos;re all -- happiness for moments is a fairly complicated process .
and they &apos;re all -- happiness for moments , it &apos;s a pretty complicated process .
and they &apos;re all fortunate -- happiness is a pretty complicated process .

und oft rannten wir einfach in eine sackgasse und mussten uns neu sammeln .
and we often went into just a dead end and had to recover .
and often we just ran into a sour gasses , and we had to collect ourselves .
and often , we just called in a gas gas , and we had to recollect us .

und da habe ich euch ein projekt mitgebracht , das ich euch jetzt mal vorstellen will .
i &apos;ve brought along a project i &apos;d like to introduce to you .
and that &apos;s where i brought you a project that i want to show you now .
and i brought you a project that i want to introduce you now .

sie sagte : » ich glaube , du kannst alles tun , was du tun willst . «
she said , &quot; i think you can do anything you want to do . &quot;
she said , &quot; i think you can do anything you want to do . &quot;
she said , &quot; i think you can do everything you want . &quot;

dies ist eine generation , die damit aufgewachsen ist , ihre stimme als selbstverständlich zu sehen .
this is a generation that &apos;s grown up taking their voices pretty much for granted .
this is a generation that &apos;s grown up with seeing your voice as a voice for granted .
this is a generation that grew up with seeing their voice as a voice .

und da gibt es diese geschichte von der frau des bischofs von worchester .
and here there &apos;s this story about the wife of the bishop of worcester .
and there &apos;s this story of the woman &apos;s biscutor .
and there &apos;s this story of the woman of the bishover of chester .

okay , dafür gibt es gründe , und ich denke wir wissen , welche gründe das sind .
okay , there are reasons for that , and i think we know what those reasons are .
okay , so there &apos;s reasons , and i think we know what the reason is .
okay , there &apos;s reasons , and i think we know what reasons are .

ich denke , meine persönliche sicht ist sehr einfach mit dieser folie und ihrem zugriff erklärt .
i think my personal story is explained very simply on the slide , and it &apos;s access .
i think my personal view is very simple with this slide and her access .
i think my personal vision is very simple with this slide and her agreement .

sie haben nicht so darüber gedacht , aber was sie für uns getan haben , war großartig .
they didn &apos;t think of it that way , but they did it for us , and it was great .
they didn &apos;t think of it that way , but what they did for us was great .
they didn &apos;t think about it , but what they did for us was great .

ich versuche nicht mehr , recht zu haben ; ich entscheide mich dafür , glücklich zu sein .
i no longer try to be right ; i choose to be happy .
i &apos;m not trying to have more , right ; i &apos;m deciding to be happy .
i &apos;m not trying to be right ; i decide to be happy to be happy .

es ist wegen dem , was 1776 mit den gründungsvätern geschehen ist .
it &apos;s because of what happened in 1776 with the founding fathers .
it &apos;s because of the 1776 with the founding fathers .
it &apos;s because of what &apos;s happening in 1776 with the founding fathers .

und mit einer art taschenlampe können wir diese virtuellen welten sichtbar machen .
using a kind of torch , we can make these virtual worlds visible .
and with a kind of flashlight , we can make these virtual worlds visible .
and with a kind of daylight , we can make these virtual worlds visible .

so , was wir hier sehen ist ein typisches sterbediagramm nach alter angeordnet .
so what we &apos;re looking at right here is a typical mortality chart organized by age .
so what we &apos;re seeing here is a typical diagram after ages .
so what we &apos;re seeing here is a typical sterilibrium diagram .

in gewisser weise , ist es fast als ob der alte traum von michelangelo ...
in a certain sense , it &apos;s almost as if the old dream of michelangelo ...
in a sense , it &apos;s almost like the old dream of michelangelo ...
in a way , it &apos;s almost like the old dream of michelangelo ...

also scheinbar möchte er nicht gerne denken , sondern es sich verhältnismäßig einfach machen .
so apparently humans don &apos;t like to think very much , they want to make things relatively simple for themselves .
so apparently , he doesn &apos;t like to think , but it &apos;s just going to make a difference .
so , apparently , he doesn &apos;t like to think , but it just makes it more easy .

das dürfen sie nicht nennen , das wäre dann schon wieder ein bisschen politisch inkorrekt .
you mustn &apos;t say that , because that would be a little politically incorrect .
that &apos;s not what you call , that would be a bit more politically correct .
you can &apos;t call that , that would be a little bit more politically politically correct .

also gingen wir in &quot; terminator 2 &quot; , meinem nächsten film , noch viel weiter .
so , with &quot; terminator 2 , &quot; which was my next film , we took that much farther .
so we went to &quot; terminator 2 , &quot; my next movie , still a lot further .
so we went to &quot; terminator 2 , &quot; my next film , much further .

es gibt enzyme die restriktionsenzyme genannt werden die tatsächlich dna verdauen .
there are enzymes called restriction enzymes that actually digest dna .
there are enzymes called the restriction cycles that are actually going to digest dna .
there are enzymes called the restriction cycles , which are actually distorted by dna .

und ich will ihnen erzählen , wie wir in der lage waren aus diesem code schlau zu werden .
and i want to tell you how we were able to make sense out of this code .
and i want to tell you how we were able to be made out of this code .
and i want to tell you how we were able to get out of this code .

sie können auf die webseite gehen , alle designvorlagen runterladen und sie selbst herstellen .
you can go on the website , download all the design files , make them yourself .
you can go to the website , put all the design suburbs and make them themselves .
you can go to the website , all design curriculum and make them themselves .

wir kamen zu der schlussfolgerung , dass zauber und magie durch maschinen ersetzt wurden .
the conclusion that we came to was that magic had been replaced by machinery .
we came to the conclusion that magic and magic have been replaced by machines .
we came to the conclusion that magic and magic were replaced by machines .

nun , sollte ich ihnen erzählen , was eines nachts passierte als alle sensoren aufhörten zu funktionieren .
well , i should tell you now what happened one night when all of the sensors stopped working .
now , i should tell you what happened at night as a sensory sensors to work .
well , i should tell you what happened at night than all sensors were going to work on .

in einem anderen kapitel muss man ein stück baumrinde fotographieren und markieren .
in another chapter , you need to take a picture of a piece of bark and then tag that .
in another chapter , you have to tag a piece of building mri photographer and tag .
in another chapter , you have to march a piece of assemble photographer and tag .

noch immer sind wir dem story<unk> als informationsvermittlung sehr , sehr stark verhaftet .
what &apos;s left is storytelling .
we &apos;re still in the wild as information investigation , very , very strong .
still , we &apos;re a lot of natural than information contention , very strong .

jede sekunde jeden tages fangen unsere sinne viel mehr informationen auf als unser hirn jemals verarbeiten kann .
every second of every day , our senses bring in way too much data than we can possibly process in our brains .
every second every second , our senses will catch much more information than our brain can ever work .
every second , every day , our senses can catch much more information than our brain can ever work .

dort kommst du üblicherweise raus , wenn du in deiner stadt 311 anrufst .
it &apos;s generally where you will get if you call 311 in your city .
you usually get out there , when you go to the city in a 311 rudder .
you usually get out there when you go to a city 311 .

wir nahmen kleine roboter , die wir gebaut hatten , die ein fiberglaskabel abwickelten .
we took little bots that we had created that spooled a fiber optic .
we took little robots that we built , which had a fiber optic cable .
we took little robots that we built were building a fiber glass cable .

und ich bekam einen schlimmen sonnenbrand und war überzeugt , dass ich wirklich nicht von dort stammte .
and i got a big sunburn , and i was convinced that i was really not from there .
and i got a bad sunlight , and i convinced that i really wasn &apos;t there .
and i got a bad sunfire , and i was convinced i wasn &apos;t really there .

da geht es um virtualität , es geht um non-linearität , es geht um story<unk> .
but the concepts of the cyber age , they are returning these these possibilities to rediscover our abilities .
it &apos;s about virtual , it &apos;s about linearity , it &apos;s about charity .
it &apos;s about virtual resistance , it &apos;s about non-linearity , it &apos;s about uncertainty .

ich habe das gefühl , dass wir beim voranschreiten leute ermutigen müssen , risiken einzugehen .
i feel like that what has to happen moving forward is we need to encourage people to take risks .
i have the sense that we have to encourage people to go to risk risks .
i feel that we need to encourage people to get risks .

und wenn man hundert prozent erneuerbare hat , dann ist das ja wie ein autarkes system .
and when you have one hundred percent renewable energies , then it &apos;s like a self-sufficient system .
and if you have a hundred percent renewable , it &apos;s like an oyster system .
and if you have a hundred percent renewable , it &apos;s like a targets system .

wir brauchen digitale sicherheitssysteme dort , wo ein menschlicher maschinenbediener nicht schnell genug reagieren kann .
we need digital safety systems where a human operator could not act quick enough .
we need digital security systems where a human machine can &apos;t react fast enough .
we need digital security systems where a human machine can &apos;t respond fast enough .

drei milliarden neue köpfe , von denen wir niemals zuvor gehört haben , werden sich der globalen kommunikation anschließen .
three billion new minds who have never been heard from before are connecting to the global conversation .
three billion new heads that we &apos;ve never heard before are going to close to global communication .
three billion new heads that we &apos;ve never heard before are going to be close to global communication .

und nicht nur das , wir haben unsere vorstellungskraft dazu genutzt , diese welt gründlich zu verwüsten .
and not only that , we &apos;ve used our imagination to thoroughly trash this globe .
and not only that , we used our imagination to make this world desert .
and not just that , we &apos;ve used our imagination to angry this world .

das kann , in unserem fall sein , dass wir es benutzen um zu designen und ein symbol zu schaffen .
this can be , in our case , we want to use it for designing and doing a symbol .
this can be in our case that we use it to design and create a symbol .
this can be in our case that we use it to design and create a symbol .

bill gross hat mehrere firmen , unter anderem eine namens esolar die großartige solarthermaltechnologien hat .
bill gross has several companies , including one called esolar that has some great solar thermal technologies .
bill gross has multiple companies , under one called esolar , has the great solar technologies .
bill gross has several companies , among other than an esolar called esolar has the great solar thermal technologies .

spieler lieben es , teil ehrfurcht gebietender missionen planetarer ausmaße zu werden .
gamers love to be attached to awe-inspiring missions to human planetary-scale stories .
players love to become part of the absence of the absence of absence of the planetary masses .
players love to become part of the missions of the missions of planetary planetary anxiety .

und das ist die hälfte aller abwasserprobleme weltweit , die durch die textilindustrie verursacht werden .
and half of the wastewater problem worldwide is caused by the textile industry .
and this is half of all the water problems that are caused by the textile industry .
and that &apos;s half of all water problems worldwide that are caused by the textile industry .

und in der realität , wenn wir versagen , wenn wir auf hindernisse stoßen , fühlen wir uns oft anders .
and in real life , when we face failure , when we confront obstacles , we often don &apos;t feel that way .
and in reality , if we fail , if we remove obstacles , we often feel different .
and in reality , when we fail , when we fail to obstacles , we often feel very different .

so verkaufen wir vielleicht einen schuh und er wird der großartigste schuh , den sie je getragen haben ...
so maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the greatest shoe you ever wore ...
so we might sell a shoe , and it will be the greatest shoe that you &apos;ve ever had ...
so we might sell a shoe , and he will be the greatest shoe you &apos;ve ever been wearing ...

ich bin mir ziemlich sicher , dass wir diesen punkt lange verpasst haben an dem auswahl unser gemeinwohl verbessert .
i &apos;m pretty confident that we have long since passed the point where options improve our welfare .
i &apos;m pretty sure that we &apos;ve adapted this point for a long time in which our choices are probably improved .
i &apos;m pretty sure that we have adapted this point to the choice of choice .

übersicht : jetzt interagiere ich sozusagen mit dem objekt , kann wieder rauszoomen , reinzoomen .
overview : i &apos;m interacting with the object so to speak , can zoom back out , zoom in .
overview : now i &apos;m sort of interacting with the object , can zoom in , zoom in , zoom in .
overview : now , i &apos;m kind of interacting with the object , can zoom in again , zoom in .

wir verwenden diesen großartigen euphemismus , versuch und fehler , was sich als bedeutungslos herausstellt .
well , we use that great euphemism , &quot; trial and error , &quot; which is exposed to be meaningless .
we use this great euphemism , and try and error , which turns out to be meaningless .
we use this great euphemism , trial and error , which turns out to be meaningful .

und ich finde sie gefährlich . und ich will nicht zusehen , wie sie ins nächste jahrhundert übernommen wird .
and i also think it &apos;s dangerous , and i don &apos;t want to see it perpetuated into the next century .
and i find them dangerous , and i don &apos;t want to watch the next century , and i don &apos;t want to see them .
and i find them dangerous . and i don &apos;t want to look at how they &apos;re going to go to the next century .

aber diese konzepte des cyber-zeitalters , die bringen uns diese diese möglichkeiten wieder zurück unsere fähigkeiten wieder zu entdecken .
that sounds very spacey and like science fiction , i know .
but this conceptual age of cyberage , which brings us back to these opportunities to rediscover our capabilities .
but these concepts of cyberage that bring us back to discover these possibilities again .

ich will nicht , dass dieses ding in 20 teile zerbricht , wie man es aus dokumentationen kennt .
i don &apos;t want this thing to break in 20 pieces like you &apos;ve seen in those documentaries .
i don &apos;t want this thing to break into 20 brick , as you know it from documentaries .
i don &apos;t want this thing to be broken in 20 parts , as you know it from documentary .

also haben wir in diesem projekt tatsächlich einige kleine marker entworfen um den müll zu verfolgen während er durch das system geht .
so in this project , we actually developed some small tags to track trash as it moves through the system .
so , in this project , we actually designed some small markers to track the trash as he goes through the system .
so in this project , we actually designed some little marker to follow the trash during the system .

dies ist wirklich wichtig , da dies eine erkenntnis ist , die nicht in einer einzelnen wikipediaseite steckt .
so this is really important because this is an insight that was not contained within any one wikipedia page .
this is really important , because this is an insight that is not in a single pediatrician .
this is really important because this is a realization that is not in a single wider pedian .

sein onkel floh mit ihrer heiligkeit in die diaspora , die leute nach nepal brachte .
his uncle fled with his holiness in the diaspora that took the people to nepal .
his uncle flew with his holiness in the diaspora that brought people to nepal .
his uncle flew with her holy in the diaspora , who brought people to nepal .

sicher , ich werde dann einige farbtöpfe auch rausgeschmissen haben , aber dafür neue dazubekommen .
sure , i will have thrown some colors away too , but i will have added new ones to take their place .
sure , i &apos;m going to have some color apples , but i &apos;m going to get some new ingredients .
sure , i &apos;m going to have some color stores also missed , but to get new approaches .

schauen wir uns zuerst das verbrennen fossiler brennstoffe an , verbrennung von entweder kohle oder erdgas .
let &apos;s look first at the burning fossil fuels , either burning coal or burning natural gas .
let &apos;s first look at the burning of fossil fuel , burning by either coal or natural gas .
let &apos;s first look at the burning fossil fuels of fossil fuels , either burden of coal or gas .

ich habe mal die zeitungen durchforstet und nach den besten schlagzeilen gesucht , die ich finden konnte .
in fact , i scoured the headlines looking for the best headline in a newspaper i could .
i did the newspapers , and i looked for the best headlines that i could find .
i &apos;ve been going through the newspapers and looking for the best headlines that i could find .

sein flexibles design ermöglicht es , sich tief zu hocken , zu kriechen und höchst wendige bewegungen auszuführen .
its flexible design allows for deep squats , crawls and high-agility movements .
his flexible design allows for creating deep , too high , too high , and to excavate motivations .
his flexible design enables it to hook deep , to warn and to make higher movements .

und das einzige problem ist , dass sie glauben , sie können die virtuellen welten ändern , aber nicht die reale .
and the only problem is that they believe that they are capable of changing virtual worlds and not the real world .
and the only problem is that you believe that you can change the virtual worlds , but not the real real .
and the only problem is that you think you can change the virtual worlds , but not the real-life .

und das ist wirklich aufregend , wenn sie an die fülle der semantischen informationen denken , die viele dieser bilder besitzen .
and that gets really exciting when you think about the richness of the semantic information that a lot of those images have .
and that &apos;s really exciting when you think about the hell of the mantic information that many of these pictures own .
and that &apos;s really exciting when you think of the skin of the semantic information that has many of these images .

und zwar , weil im mittelbereich hier die menschen am aktivsten sind und sie hier drüben am gebrechlichsten sind .
this is because , in the mid-area here , people are at their most active , and over here they &apos;re at their most frail .
and that &apos;s because in the middle area here , people are the most active , and they &apos;re over here , most of the time .
and that &apos;s because in the middle of the people here are the most active , and they &apos;re over here at the same time .

und sollten sie das bis jetzt noch nicht in ihrem geschäft gesehen haben , können sie sicher sein , dass sie es bald werden .
and if by some chance you haven &apos;t seen that in your store yet , you can rest assured that one day soon you will .
and if you haven &apos;t seen that until now in your business , you can be sure you will soon be it .
and if you haven &apos;t seen this in your business , you can be sure you will soon be .

im matheunterricht wurde ich ständig vom lehrer erwischt , wie ich , hinterm lehrbuch versteckt , herummalte .
i was endlessly getting busted in math class doodling behind the textbook .
in math , i was always caught by the teacher , like i hid , behind the textbook , painted around .
in the math class , i was always wiped out of the teacher , as i hired , book book , painted around .

also , wenn sie mit dem problem der regierung konfrontiert werden , kümmern sie sich nicht so sehr darum , ihre stimmen zu benutzen .
so when they &apos;re faced with the problem of government , they don &apos;t care as much about using their voices .
so , if you &apos;re faced with the problem of the government , don &apos;t be so much about using your voices .
so , if you &apos;re confronted with the problem of government , you don &apos;t care so much about using your voices .

ich möchte nicht sagen , dass 5-jährige das recht haben sollen , ihr einverständnis zu sex oder zum heiraten zu geben .
i don &apos;t want to say five-year-olds should be allowed to consent to sex or consent to marry .
i don &apos;t want to say that 5-year-olds should be right to have their understanding of sex , or to marry .
i don &apos;t want to say that 5-year-olds should have the right to give their understanding of sex or to marry .

diese geschichte haben wir viele male von den galápagos-inseln oder von anderen orten gehört , sie ist nicht sehr besonders .
now this story , we have heard it lots of times on galapagos and other places , so there is nothing particular about it .
this is a story that we &apos;ve heard a lot of the galleries of the galapagos , or other places , it &apos;s not very special .
this story we &apos;ve heard a lot of times from the galapagos islands or other places , it &apos;s not very special .

60.000 dollar im jahr sind die leute unglücklich , und sie werden zunehmend unglücklicher , je ärmer sie werden .
60,000 dollars a year , people are unhappy , and they get progressively unhappier the poorer they get .
60,000 dollars a year , people are unhappy , and they will become increasingly unfortunate , the more they will be .
60,000 dollars a year , people are unhappy , and they &apos;re going to be increasingly happier , ever the time they &apos;re going to be .

ich machte meinen tauchschein in einem pool der ymca mitten im winter in buffalo , new york .
and i actually got certified in a pool at a ymca in the dead of winter in buffalo , new york .
i made my dive a swimming pool in a pool of the ymca in the middle of the winter in buffalo , new york .
and i made my diving in a pool of the ymca in the middle of the winter in buffalo , new york .

aber in der kunst und beim erforschen muss scheitern eine alternative sein , denn dort garantiert es einen vertrauensvorschuss .
but failure has to be an option in art and in exploration , because it &apos;s a leap of faith .
but in the art of art and research , the alternative has to be an alternative , because there &apos;s an intimacy there .
but in the art and the research , it has to be an alternative because anticipate it .

ich muss ehrlich sagen , du hast es ja mitgekriegt , es fiel mir anfangs schwer von meiner idee zu reden .
i must honestly say , and you witnessed this , i found it hard to talk about my idea at first .
i have to say honestly , you &apos;ve got to get it back to me , it &apos;s hard to talk about my idea .
i have to be honest , you &apos;ve got to warn it , i noticed it was hard to talk about my idea .

und wenn es windig ist , wenn sie das spritzen verringern wollen , können sie sogar das dach herunter lassen .
and if there &apos;s a bit of wind , if you want to minimize splashing , you can actually lower the roof .
and if it &apos;s indicator , if you want to reduce the syria , you can even leave the roof under it .
and if it &apos;s indigous , if you want to reduce the spider , you can even leave the roof .

also jedem , dem schon einmal eine suppe vergammelt ist , die er zu lange stehen gelassen hat , auch schon mal gemacht .
so anybody who &apos;s ever had a soup gone go bad , because they left it standing for too long , has already done this .
so anyone who &apos;s ever collected a soup , who &apos;s left to stand for too long , has already done it .
so every one of the things that &apos;s already got a soup gamer that he left for a long time , has already made it .

sie erwischte das gedicht an seinem schwanz und zog es zurück in ihren körper und übernahm es auf das blatt papier .
she would catch the poem by its tail , and she would pull it backwards into her body as she was transcribing on the page .
she wished the poem on his tail , and she pulled it back into her body and took it on the sheet of paper .
she wiped the poem on his tail , and she moved back into her body and took it on the paper .

einer der schnellsten wege , unsere abhängigkeit von alten , dreckigen kraftstoffen , die unsere welt ersticken , zu reduzieren .
one of the fastest ways to cut our dependence on old dirty fuels that are killing our planet .
one of the fastest ways to reduce our dependence , dirty power , the world of sticks .
one of the fastest ways , our dependence of old , dirty fuels that are going to reduce our world .

letztes jahr sendete <unk> vasquez dieses video , das er vor seinem haus im yosemite nationalpark gefilmt hatte .
last year , bear vasquez posted this video that he had shot outside his home in yosemite national park .
last year , vascular vasquez had this video that he had filmed in the house of yosemite national park .
last year , vasquez made this video that he filmed in his house in yosemite national park .

also , wenn ich sie einlade zum essen und sage , das ist frei von hähnchen , dann hilft ihnen das gar nichts .
so if i invite you to dinner and say , this is free of chicken , that doesn &apos;t help you at all .
so , if i invite you to lunch and say , this is free from crochet , you don &apos;t help them .
so , if i put them into food and say , that &apos;s free , you don &apos;t help them .

andere mediziner fürchten diese ebenso , aber die notfallmedizin ist ganz besonders , weil wir die patienten nur so flüchtig sehen .
others in medicine dread them as well , but there &apos;s something particular about emergency medicine because we see patients so fleetingly .
other medical people are afraid of that , but the emergency medicine is especially because we only see the patients in the same way .
other medical professionals are also afraid , but the emergency medicine is particularly special , because we only see the patients .

meine mutter war jede nacht erschöpft , doch wir erzählten einander von unserem tag , und hörten den bewegungen unserer großmutter im haus zu .
my mother was exhausted each night , but we told one another about our day and listened to the movements of my grandmother around the house .
my mother was every night exhausted , but we told each other from our day , and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house .
my mother was all night , but we told each other from our day , and heard the movements of our grandmother in the house .

das ist ein bild der stadt denver , und die skizze stellt den neuen flughafen dar , der in denver gebaut wurde .
this is a picture of denver , and the outline is the new airport that was built in denver .
this is a picture of the city , and the sketches of the new airport , which was built in denver .
this is a picture of the city , and the sketch puts the new airport that was built in denver .

um ein beispiel zu nennen , in den extremsten fällen , können wir ein programm erstellen , welches sich aus zufälligen instruktionen entwickelt .
so for example , in the most extreme cases , we can actually evolve a program by starting out with random sequences of instructions .
to give you an example , in the most extreme cases , we can create a program that &apos;s developed from random instructions .
to call an example , in the most extreme cases , we can make a program that &apos;s developed from random instructions .

ich gebe ihnen nur ein paar beispiele für die möglichen typen von geschlechtsvarianten , die nicht dem männlichen oder weiblichen standard entsprechen .
i &apos;ll just give you a few examples of the types of ways you can have sex that isn &apos;t standard for male or female .
i &apos;m just going to give you a couple of examples for the kinds of gender variants that don &apos;t speak the male or female standard .
i &apos;m just going to give you some examples of the kinds of people who are not talking about the male or female standard .

er kann neue charaktere in die szene bringen , indem er den siftable vom tisch aufhebt , der diese figur zeigt .
and he can bring new characters into the scene , just by lifting the siftables off the table that have that character shown on them .
he can bring new characters into the scene by depositing the sighted table from the table , which shows this character .
he can bring new characters into the scene by exposing the sizes of the table that shows this character .

wir benutzen diese programme nun , um die computer viel schneller zu machen , so dass wir fähig sind , diese prozesse noch schneller ausführen zu können .
we &apos;re now using those programs to make much faster computers so that we &apos;ll be able to run this process much faster .
we &apos;re now using these programs to make the computer much faster , so that we &apos;re able to do these processes faster .
we &apos;re using these programs now to make the computer much faster , so that we &apos;re able to do this process faster .

sie wusste , dass sie in einem solchen moment nur eines tun konnte . und das war – in ihren worten – <unk> rennen wie der teufel <unk> .
she knew that she had only one thing to do at that point , and that was to , in her words , &quot; run like hell . &quot;
she knew that she could only do it in such a moment , and that was -- in her words , like the devil .
she knew she could only do it in a moment , and that was -- in her words -- race like the devil .

es ist sehr schwierig , klar über wohlbefinden nachzudenken , und ich hoffe , ich habe ihnen einen eindruck davon vermittelt , wie schwierig es ist .
it is very difficult to think straight about well-being , and i hope i have given you a sense of how difficult it is .
it &apos;s very difficult to think about well-being , and i hope i have a sense of how hard it is .
it &apos;s very difficult to think about well-being , and i hope i have a sense of how hard it is .

ich glaube auch , dass in vielen teilen dieses landes , und mit sicherheit in vielen teilen der erde , das gegenteil von armut nicht reichtum ist .
i also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of this globe , that the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
i also think that in many parts of this country , and with security in many parts of the earth , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
i also believe that in many parts of this country , and in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .

im himalaya , der drittgrössten eismasse , sehen sie oben neue seen , die vor ein paar jahren gletscher waren .
in the himalayas , the third largest mass of ice : at the top you see new lakes , which a few years ago were glaciers .
in the himalayas , the third largest icemaker , you can see new lakes that were a couple of years ago .
in himalayas , the third polar ice mass , you see new lakes on the top of new lakes that were a few years ago .

sie fingen an spezialisten auszubilden innerhalb der gemeinschaft , spezielle strukturen , welche verantwortlich waren für das lernen , verstehen und das festhalten von information .
and in fact , they began to get specialists in the community and special structures that were responsible for recording , understanding , learning information .
they started to form specialists within the community , specifically structures , which were responsible for learning , and lethal information .
they started looking at specialists within the community , special structures that were responsible for learning and understanding the old information .

der erste punkt , ist die wichtigkeit von gesetzen , gesetze , die bestimmen , dass man bereits existierende wohnungsbesitzer nicht stören darf .
the first point was the importance of rules , like those rules that say you can &apos;t come in and disturb all the existing apartment holders .
the first point , is the importance of laws , laws that determine that you can &apos;t have existing apartments .
the first point is the importance of laws that determine that you can &apos;t have existing existing owners .

so schloss sich der kreis zwischen meiner existenz als science-fiction-fan , damals als kind , und der umsetzung in die realität .
i &apos;d completely closed the loop between being the science fiction fan , you know , as a kid , and doing this stuff for real .
so the circle between my existence , as a science-fiction fan fan fan fan , back then , and the translation in reality .
so the circle of my existence was as a science fan , then as a child , and the translation in reality .

ich residierte an einem lehrkrankenhaus hier in toronto als frau drucker zu mir in die notfallabteilung des krankenhauses gebracht wurde .
i was a resident at a teaching hospital here in toronto when mrs. drucker was brought to the emergency department of the hospital where i was working .
i resisted residents on a hospital here in toronto as a woman printer to me in the emergency department of the hospital .
i was resistant to a teacher here in toronto here in toronto to me in the emergency room of the hospital .

die pflanzliche biomasse , den phytoplankton , den zooplankton , das ist es , was die fische füttert .
the plant biomass , the phytoplankton , the zooplankton , it &apos;s what feeds the fish .
the plant biomass , the phytoplankton , the zoom lankton lankton , which is what feeds the fish .
the plant biomass , the physical lankton , the zoopkton kton , that &apos;s what the fish feed .

und sie zeigt anderen deren fehler auf , nicht um bloßzustellen , sondern in einer liebevollen , unterstützenden art so dass alle davon profitieren .
and she points out other people &apos;s mistakes , not in a gotcha way , but in a loving , supportive way so that everybody can benefit .
and it shows other errors about error , not about mere , but in a loving , supportive way that everybody can benefit from that .
and she shows other mistakes on their mistakes , not to bring them up , but in a powerful , supportive way that all of them benefit .

in südafrika haben die menschen verstanden , dass die rassentrennung nicht zu überwinden ist ohne die bereitschaft zu wahrheit und versöhnung .
in south africa , people understood that we couldn &apos;t overcome apartheid without a commitment to truth and reconciliation .
in south africa , people have understood that the race is not overdue to the willingness of truth and reconciliation .
in south africa , people have understood that the ratio is not too overwhelmed without truth to truth and reconciliation .

hier ist ein beispiel davon . es gibt einen organismus namens deinococcus radiodurans der drei millionen rad an strahlung übersteht .
here &apos;s an example of it : there &apos;s an organism called deinococcus radiodurans that can take three millions rads of radiation .
here &apos;s an example of it . there &apos;s a organism called deinococcus radiodurans , which is three million wheels on radiation .
here &apos;s an example of it . there &apos;s an organism called dresococcccus radiocanoans who has three million bicycle of radiation .

aber auf jeden fall ist es jetzt es ist immer noch nicht billig , aber es ist auf jeden fall in einem rahmen , wo es doch deutlich verfügbarer wird .
it &apos;s certainly now it &apos;s that &apos;s still not cheap , but it &apos;s certainly within a range that makes it much more accessible .
but in any case , it &apos;s still not cheap , but it &apos;s definitely in a frame where it &apos;s going to be clear .
but in any case , it &apos;s still not cheap , but it &apos;s on any case in a framework where it &apos;s going to be clear .

es beginnt mit den geschlechtsteilen , dann kommen die schimpfwörter , danach die bush-verleumdungen und zuletzt machen die leute tatsächlich kunst .
first it starts with the sexual organs , then it starts with cuss words , then it was bush slanders and then people actually got to art .
it starts with the gender cliff , and then the vaccine words , after the bush administration , and then people actually do the arts .
it starts with the gender increase , then the vaccines come after the buses and finally , the buses make people .

man sieht , wir surfen im netz das erste mal als ob es auch wirklich ein netz ist , nicht nur von seite zu seite , sondern viel abstrakter .
so you see , we &apos;re navigating the web for the first time as if it &apos;s actually a web , not from page-to-page , but at a higher level of abstraction .
you can see , we &apos;re the first time in the web , as though it &apos;s also a web , not just to page , but much abstract .
you can see , in the web , the first time it &apos;s really a web , not just from page , but much more abstract .

wir haben also die situation , dass die menschen die vergangenheit nicht kennen , obwohl wir in gebildeten gesellschaften leben , weil sie den quellen der vergangenheit nicht trauen .
so you have a situation where people don &apos;t know the past , even though we live in literate societies , because they don &apos;t trust the sources of the past .
so we have the situation that people don &apos;t know the past , even though we live in educated societies because they don &apos;t trust the sources of the past .
so we have the situation that people don &apos;t know the past , even though we live in bills , because they don &apos;t drink the sources of the past .

ich brauchte jemanden , der in meinen kopf eindringen könnte , jemand , der mir wirklich helfen könnte zu verstehen , was man die &quot; markenpersönlichkeit &quot; nennt .
i needed somebody who could get inside my head , somebody who could really help me understand what they call your &quot; brand personality . &quot;
i needed somebody who could go to my head , somebody who could really help me understand what they call the &quot; brand personality . &quot;
i needed somebody who could get into my head , somebody who could really help me understand what you call &quot; the &quot; mars personal personality . &quot;

weil in der regel wir durch diese neue art der nutzbarkeit , also der natürlichen user ínterfaces , beispielsweise fünfmal schneller im durchschnitt an unserem ziel sind .
because , as a rule , we can reach our goal five times faster on average , for example , through this new type of usability , so natural user interfaces .
because in the rule , through this new kind of resilience , which is the natural posture , five times faster in the average are on our goal .
because in the rule , we &apos;re using this new kind of usability , so the natural members of natural gas , five times faster in the average of our goal .

und die maschinen , die so etwas machen , die sind ziemlich teuer so , die man kommerziell kauft , die billigsten gehen so bei viertausend euro los .
and the machines that do that are rather expensive , the ones you buy commercially , they start at about four thousand euros at the least .
and the machines that are doing something that are quite expensive , which is to buy commercial commercially , which are going to be about a thousand euros .
and the machines that are doing something that are pretty expensive , that are so expensive that you buy , which are going to be the cheapest at four thousand dollars .

nun , ein zertifikat benötigt man , wenn man eine webseite mit https , mit ssl-verschlüsselten diensten hat , zum beispiel gmail .
well you need a certificate if you have a website that has https , ssl encrypted services , services like gmail .
now , a certificate , if you need a website with http , with complete key services , for example .
well , a certificate , if you have a website with http , with turkey services , for example , for example .

wenn sie dauernd die standardauswahl bei der entscheidung nutzen , heisst das , dass sie überfordert werden , das heisste , ich verliere sie .
if you keep hitting the default button per decision , that means you &apos;re getting overwhelmed , that means i &apos;m losing you .
when you &apos;re serious about the standard choice of choice , which means that you &apos;re going to be overtaken , the healthiest , i lose you .
if you use the standard choice in the decision , that means you &apos;re going to be overwhelmed , i forgotten them .

wenn dann alle finger rechtzeitig und richtig so wie wie es in den noten steht sich bewegen , kommen dann töne heraus , die zusammen so klingen wie musik .
when you then move all your fingers at the right time and in the way the way it is written in the notes , then tones come out , which , together , sound like music .
and then when all the fingers are calculating , and it &apos;s as correct as it is in the notes , it comes in , it turns out , the sounds together like music .
and then when all the fingers are calculating , and the right as it &apos;s going to move in the notes , the sounds come out , the sounds like music .

nun , als wir vor ein paar wochen telefoniert haben erwähnten sie mir gegenüber , dass es ein ziemlich interessantes ergebnis gab , das aus dieser gallup umfrage kam .
now , when we were on the phone a few weeks ago , you mentioned to me that there was quite an interesting result came out of that gallup survey .
now , when we heard a couple of weeks ago , they told me that there was a pretty interesting outcome , the gallup of this gallon question .
well , when we mentioned a couple of weeks ago , they talked to me that there was a pretty interesting result that came out of this gallon .

je nachdem wie ich meißel und wann ich meißel , ist es natürlich eine ganz andere berichterstattung , als wenn es einer lebendig sozusagen von sich gibt .
depending on how and when i carve , a very different kind of coverage comes into being compared to when someone expresses it in a lively form , so to speak .
depending on how i swallowing , and when i throw around , it &apos;s , of course , a whole other coverage of living as if there &apos;s a living one of them .
and as i do , as i do , and when i mapped , of course , it &apos;s a very different report as if there &apos;s a kind of living of life .

die gründungsväter wiesen diese idee zurück und ersetzten sie durch ein neues anatomisches konzept , und dieses konzept sagte , dass alle menschen gleichwertig erschaffen wurden .
the founding fathers rejected that idea , and they replaced it with a new anatomical concept , and that concept was all men are created equal .
the founding fathers proved this idea , and they reused it by a new atomic concept , and this concept was that all people created equally .
the founders of this idea was refined by a new anatomic concept , and this concept said that all people were created equally .

und weil uns nichts wichtiger ist als unser überleben , ist die erste haltestelle für all die informationen ein teil unseres temporallappens , die amygdala .
and because nothing is more important to us than survival , the first stop of all of that data is an ancient sliver of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
and because nothing is more important than our survival , the first halfway for all of this information is part of our temporal lobe , the amygdala .
and because we have nothing more important than our survival , the first place for all the information is part of our temporal lobe , the amygdala .

ich war damals siebzehn , als ich auf einem seiner kurse wieder einmal teilnahm und spielte die letzte von den vier balladen von chopin , einem spätwerk .
i was seventeen when i took part in a course of his and played the last of chopin &apos;s four ballads , one of his later works .
i was a seventh 10 , when i went back to one of his classes , and i played the last four balances of toes in a late work .
i was at the time , when i was going to participate in one of his courses again , and i played the last one of the four balchopes of ethiopia in a late work .

wie wäre es damit , den unterdrückten , wo auch immer sie sind , eine stimme zu geben , um auf sich aufmerksam zu machen und veränderung zu erzeugen , zum allerersten mal ?
what about giving the oppressed , wherever they might be , the voice to be heard and the voice to act for the first time ever ?
how about giving the oppressed , wherever they are , to give a voice to make change and change , for the first time , for the first time ?
how would it be to give the underwear , wherever you are , to give a voice to make attention and make change , for the first time ?

wenn ich ihnen sage , dass jemand sein leben als acht auf einer skala von zehn eingeordnet hat haben sie viel unsicherheit darüber , wie glücklich er ist mit seinem erlebenden selbst .
if i tell you that somebody ranked their life eight on a scale of ten , you have a lot of uncertainty about how happy they are with their experiencing self .
if i tell you that somebody has been living as eight on a scale of 10 ala , they have a lot of uncertainty about how happy he is with his living himself .
if i tell you that somebody has been a life on a scale of 10 , you have a lot of uncertainty about how happy he is with his living self .

und ich handelte mit mir aus , dass falls ich meine bemühungen zur perfektion verdoppelte und niemals wieder einen fehler beging , dass die stimme verstummen könnte .
and i made myself a bargain that if only i redouble my efforts to be perfect and never make another mistake again , please make the voices stop .
and i negotiated with me that if i was able to double my efforts and never make a mistake that the voice might be surrounded .
and i negotiated with me that if i double my efforts to perfect error and never had a mistake that the voice could be rejected .

vielleicht wollte ich so erfolgreich und so fähig sein verantwortung zu übernehmen , dass ich so handelte und so wäre ich in der lage für meine patienten zu sorgen ohne ihn kontaktieren zu müssen .
maybe i wanted to be so successful and so able to take responsibility that i would do so and i would be able to take care of my attending &apos;s patients without even having to contact him .
maybe i wanted to be so successful and so able to be able to take responsibility that i was so handed , and so i would be able to go into my patients with no contacts .
maybe i wanted to be so successful and so able to take responsibility so that i was so handled and i would be able to worry about my patients without having to contact it .

wir sollten sie nennen , was sie ist , ein gewerbe in abwicklung , ein gewerbe , das schnell ökologisches kapital auffrisst , das genau diese produktion ermöglicht .
we should call it what it is : a business in liquidation , a business that &apos;s quickly eroding ecological capital that makes that very production possible .
we should call them what they are , a commercial action in the process , an ecological capital , which makes the ecological capital , which enables these production .
we should call them what it is , a commercial , a commercial , which is rapidly rising ecological capital that allows them to do exactly that production .

dieser stamm , die cofan , haben 17 varianten an ayahuasca , die sie alle bei großer entfernung im wald erkennen , die für unsere augen als eine art erscheinen .
this tribe , the cofan , has 17 varieties of ayahuasca , all of which they distinguish a great distance in the forest , all of which are referable to our eye as one species .
this tribe , the codes , have 17 varieties of ayahuasca , which you see at the great distance in the forest , which appear to our eyes as a kind of one .
this tribe , the cofan , 17 variants at ayaaasca that you all recognize in a big distance in the forest that appears for our eyes as a way .

geschlecht ist also wirklich kompliziert ; intersexuelle stehen nicht nur in der mitte des spektrums von geschlecht -- in gewisser hinsicht , können sie über die ganze bandbreite verteilt sein ,
so sex is really complicated ; it &apos;s not just that intersex people are in the middle of all the sex spectrum -- in some ways , they can be all over the place .
so gender is really complicated ; sexual interfaces are not only standing in the middle of gender gender -- in a sense , you can distribute the whole bandwidth .
so gender is really complicated ; sexual sexual is not only in the middle of the spectrum of gender -- in some sense , you can be distributed over the whole range of the whole range .

es konnte eine eigentümliche , wundersame , bizarre zusammenarbeit geben , eine art konversation zwischen tom und dem fremdartigen , äußerlichen ding , das nicht ganz tom war .
it could be this peculiar , wondrous , bizarre collaboration kind of conversation between tom and the strange , external thing that was not quite tom .
it could give us a perceptual , wonderful , bizarre collaboration , a kind of conversation between tom and the stranger , explicit thing , which wasn &apos;t quite tom .
it could be a real , wonderful , bizarre , bizarre collaboration , a way between tom and the foreign thing , outer thing that wasn &apos;t quite tom .

und so musste ich diese neue intuition entwickeln , dass es so aussieht als ob all die objekte im aufzug in wirklichkeit nur quanten objekte sind , die in einem kleinen raum zusammen gefercht sind .
and so i had to develop this new intuition , that it seems like all the objects in the elevator are really just quantum objects just crammed into a tiny space .
and so i had to develop this new intuition that it looks like all the objects are actually just up in real objects that are put together in a small room .
and so i had to develop these new intuition that it looks like all the objects in reality are actually just qualified objects that are put together in a small room .

und die windkraftanlage oder die solaranlage oder was immer es auch ist , ist in der regel ein back-up system beziehungsweise ein system , was nur in kleinen mengen hier einspeisen kann .
and the wind power plant or the solar power plant or whatever it is is generally a back-up system , or a system that can only feed into the network in small quantities .
and the wind power , or the solar panels , or whatever it is , is in the rule of a system , which can store a system in small amounts of here .
and the wind power , or the solar facility , or whatever it is , in the rule , you know , is a system that can store a system , which can only be stored in small quantities here .

eine kollegin von mir hatte zugriff auf investitions-akten von vanguard , der gigantischen fondgesellschaft von ungefähr einer millionen mitarbeitern und ca. 2000 unterschiedlichen arbeitsplätzen .
a colleague of mine got access to investment records from vanguard , the gigantic mutual fund company of about a million employees and about 2,000 different workplaces .
a colleague of mine had access to investing in the investment of vanguard , which is the gigantic society of about a million employees and about 2,000 different jobs .
a colleague in me had access to investment action actors , the giant fatard society of about a million workers and about 2,000 different jobs .

manche leute sagen , man sollte gar nicht erst an der versicherung arbeiten weil einen das vielleicht faul macht , sodass man weiter isst , weil man weiß , dass einen die herzoperation retten wird .
some people say you shouldn &apos;t even work on the insurance policy because it might make you lazy , that you &apos;ll keep eating because you know heart surgery will be there to save you .
some people say you shouldn &apos;t just work on insurance because maybe you do something like a lazy , so you keep going , because you know that your heart will save you .
some people say , you shouldn &apos;t work at all , because maybe you &apos;re going to be able to do that , so you &apos;re going to go on , because you know you &apos;re going to save a heart surgery .

und ich werde immer wieder mit nathaniel musizieren , egal ob in der walt disney <unk> ert hall oder in skid row , denn er erinnert mich daran , warum ich musiker geworden bin .
and i will always make music with nathaniel , whether we &apos;re at walt disney concert hall or on skid row , because he reminds me why i became a musician .
and i &apos;m always going to talk to nathaniel , whether it &apos;s in the walt hall , whether it &apos;s in fake disney hall , or in spite of it , because it reminds me of why i became a musician .
and i &apos;m going to be again with nathaniel musicians , whether in the walt hall , or in sketch , because he reminds me why i became musicians .

in diesem jahr hat man es zum ersten mal geschafft , die kosten für solarstrom in indien zu 50 prozent des diesel-stroms zu reduzieren – 8.8 rupien im vergleich zu 17 rupien .
for the first time , this year the cost of solar-generated electricity is 50 percent that of diesel-generated electricity in india -- 8.8 rupees versus 17 rupees .
in this year , it was done for the first time to reduce the cost of solar electricity in india to 50 percent of the same stroke -- 8.8 rupees in comparison .
in this year , you did it for the first time to reduce the cost of solar power in india in 50 percent of the same straw -- 8.8 ruen rupees in comparison .

wissen sie , wir haben wirklich -- moderate ziele wie dem ersatz der gesamten petrochemischen industrie . genau . wenn man das nicht bei ted tun könnte , wo sonst ? eine hauptquelle der energie zu werden .
we truly , you know , have modest goals of replacing the whole petrol-chemical industry -- yeah . if you can &apos;t do that at ted , where can you ? -- become a major source of energy ...
you know , we really have -- moderate goals like the whole petrochemical industry . right , if you couldn &apos;t do this at ted , where another source of energy is going to be .
you know , we really have -- moderate goals like the whole petrochemical industry . exactly if you couldn &apos;t do that at ted , where else is it going to be a source of energy .

das coolste daran ist – und das schließt den ganzen kreis – dass es diesen april , beim geffen moca in der innenstadt von los angeles eine ausstellung geben wird namens &quot; art of the streets &quot;
the coolest thing about this -- and this is what &apos;s completing the whole circle -- is that in april of this year , at the geffen moca in downtown los angeles , there &apos;s going to be an exhibition called &quot; art of the streets . &quot;
the coolest thing about this is -- and the whole circle of the circle -- is that this april , the moore &apos;s in the city of los angeles is going to give you an exhibition called &quot; the art of the city . &quot;
the coolest thing about this is -- and this includes the whole circle -- that there &apos;s this april , at the getta city of los angeles in the town of los angeles .

das ist eine billige sonnenbrille , die wir an der strandpromenade von venice gekauft haben , etwas kupferdraht und ein paar sachen aus dem baumarkt und dem elektronikhandel .
this is a cheap pair of sunglasses that we bought at the venice beach boardwalk , some copper wire and some stuff from home depot and radio shack .
this is a cheap sunglasses that we bought at the beach of the convention of venice , something that &apos;s wires and a few things out of the construction market and the electric market .
this is a cheap sunglasses that we bought on the streets of venice shelves , a little bit of wire and a few things from the building and the electronics .

bg : wenn man in diese situation kommt , ist es als ob man zu viel gegessen hat , und kurz vor einem herzinfarkt steht . was macht man dann ? man braucht vielleicht eine herzoperation oder ähnliches .
bg : if you get into that situation , it &apos;s like if you &apos;ve been over-eating , and you &apos;re about to have a heart attack : then where do you go ? you may need heart surgery or something .
bg : if you come into this situation , it &apos;s like having too much , and just before a heart attack , what do you do ? maybe you need a heartbeat or something like that .
bg : if you come in this situation , it &apos;s like you &apos;re eating too much too much , and you &apos;re just standing in front of a heart attack . what do you do ? you need a heart surgery or something like that .

und das ist ja das , was wir tun , und insofern kommen so , auch der vortrag von premium kola , dass man wieder ein kollektiv sein darf und sonnenenergie nutzen , hier ein bißchen zusammen .
and that &apos;s what we &apos;re doing , and so in this sense we &apos;re coming together , also if you look at the presentation by premium cola , that it &apos;s okay to be a collective and use solar power .
and that &apos;s the kind of thing we do , and as well , the talk of premium cola , that you can have a collective power , and you can use a solar power , and you can put a bike together .
and that &apos;s what we &apos;re doing , and in fact , the talk of premia , is that you &apos;re going to be a collective and solar energy together .

der punkt ist hier , dass wir dinge mit der sozialen umgebung anstellen können . es werden jetzt daten von allen gesammelt -- von dem gesamten kollektiven speicher davon , wie , visuell die erde aussieht -- und alles wird miteinander verbunden .
what the point here really is is that we can do things with the social environment . this is now taking data from everybody -- from the entire collective memory of , visually , of what the earth looks like -- and link all of that together .
the point here is that we can put things with the social environment , and it &apos;s now collected by all the data -- from the entire collective storage of how visual memory looks , what the earth looks -- and everything is connected to each other .
the point here is that we can put things with the social environment , and it &apos;s now collected by all the data -- from the whole collective memory of how visual cortex looks like the earth -- and everything is connected to each other .

mit der zeit hat man aber auch als interpret schon ein reiches wissen um den komponisten , den man öfters spielt , und es fällt einem immer leichter , sich in ihn hineinzudenken und zu fühlen .
after a while , you already have a vast reservoir of knowledge surrounding the composer as an interpreter , and you listen to them regularly , and so it becomes easier and easier to understand and feel with the composer .
but over time , you &apos;ve also been interpreted as a knowledge of composing the composers , the feathers you play , and it &apos;s always a lighter , into it , and to feel it .
but at the time , you &apos;ve also interpreted as a sign of knowledge to play the composers that you &apos;re playing , and it &apos;s always a lighter , and it &apos;s always going to be able to think of yourself and feel .

ich bin kein programmierer und hatte noch nie etwas mit augenerfassungstechnologie zu tun , aber ich habe einfach etwas erfasst und mich mit erstaunlichen leuten umgeben , damit wir gemeinsam etwas auf die beine stellen konnten .
i &apos;m not a programmer , never done anything with ocular recognition technology , but i just recognized something and associated myself with amazing people so that we could make something happen .
i &apos;m not a programmer , and i never had to do a little bit of generic technology , but i just got to do a little bit of an amazing thing , and i was surrounded by some amazing people , so we could put something together on the legs .
i &apos;m not a programmer , and i had never had something to do with aucratic technology , but i just put something up and give me amazing people so that we could put something together on the legs .

stellen sie sich vor , sie könnten kleine hubschrauber haben , die durch die luft fliegen , und jeder von ihnen mit einem kleinen bildpunkt mit wechselndem licht – fast so wie eine wolke die sich durch den raum bewegen kann .
imagine you could have small helicopters that move in the air , and then each of them with a small pixel in changing lights -- almost as a cloud that can move in space .
imagine if you could have little helicopters that fly through the air , and each of you with a little clue at the bottom -- almost like a cloud that can move through the space .
imagine you could have little hubs that fly through the air , and every one of you with a little bit of light -- almost like a cloud that can move through the space .

aus sicht des erlebenden selbst , wenn sie einen urlaub haben und die zweite woche genau so gut ist wie die erste , dann ist der zweiwöchige urlaub doppelt so gut wie der einwöchige urlaub .
from the point of view of the experiencing self , if you have a vacation , and the second week is just as good as the first , then the two-week vacation is twice as good as the one-week vacation .
if you have a vacation of the living itself , if you have a vacation , and the second week is as good as the first , then the second one is the double-eyed vacation twice as good as the wine vacuum vacation .
from the living self , if you have a vacation , and the second week is just as good as the first one , then the second whales is twice as good as the whales .

betriebe , die nicht welten für sich sind , betriebe , die wiederherstellen anstatt aufzubrauchen , betriebe , die extensiv anbauen anstatt nur intensiv , bauern , die nicht nur erzeuger sind , sondern experten für beziehungen ,
farms that aren &apos;t worlds unto themselves ; farms that restore instead of deplete ; farms that farm extensively instead of just intensively ; farmers that are not just producers , but experts in relationships .
bets that aren &apos;t the worlds for themselves , restores that need to restore rather than restoring the siberve , rather than just growing farmers , not only are good relationships , but for relationships .
beating operators that are not worlds for themselves , who are able to restore , instead of building operations , the siv , instead of building siv , rather than intensive farmers who are not only created , but for relationships .

viele von ihnen sind väter , die gezwungen sind , ihre familien zurückzulassen , um sich arbeit zu suchen- manchmal sind es alleinerziehende mütter , die genug geld verdienen müssen , um sich essen und kleidung leisten zu können .
many of these are a father who has to leave his family behind to go get a job -- sometimes a single mother who has to get enough money to even pay for food or clothing .
a lot of them are fathers , who are forced to return to their families , to get work done -- sometimes they &apos;re single mothers who have to earn enough money to be able to make food and clothes .
a lot of them are fathers who are forced to leave their families to search for work -- sometimes it &apos;s common mothers who have to earn enough money to make food and clothes .

wir haben das licht ausgeschaltet , legten es in ein vakuum und saugten die ganze luft aus und kühlten es bis fast zum jetzt , ganz alleine im aufzug , war das stück metall frei , sich zu verhalten wie immer es wollte .
we turned off the lights , and then we put it in a vacuum and sucked out all the air , and then we cooled it down now , all alone in the elevator , the little chunk of metal is free to act however it wanted .
we turned the light off , we put it in a vacuum and clean air all the way down to the refrigerators , and we got it all the way down to the end of the day , which was the metal piece of metal , as it always wanted to behave .
we turned out the light , put it in a vacuum and cleaned all the air and refrigerated it up to almost now , just in the rest of the metal , the piece of metal , the behavior always wanted to change how it was .

der ältere schwarze mann stand auf . er sah den deputy an , dann sah er mich an , und er sagte : » ich bin hergekommen , um diesem jungen mann zu sagen , verlieren sie das ziel nicht aus den augen . geben sie nicht auf . <unk> «
and this older black man stood up and he looked at that deputy and he looked at me and he said , &quot; i came into this courtroom to tell this young man , keep your eyes on the prize , hold on . &quot;
the older black man stood up . he looked at the pudeputy puty , and then he looked at me , and he said , &quot; i &apos;ve come to say to this young man , to lose the young man , don &apos;t give the eyes out of the eyes . &quot;
the older man stood up . he saw the deputy , then he looked at me , and he said , &quot; i &apos;ve come to say to this young man , they don &apos;t lose the goal . &quot;

also , was bedeutet das , wenn wir auf das zurückblicken , was in der evolution geschieht , und wie wir über den platz nachdenken der menschen in der evolution , und vor allem wie wir vorausschauen in die nächste phase , ich würde sagen , dass es eine reihe von möglichkeiten gibt .
so what does this mean , as we look back at what has happened in evolution , and as we think about the place again of humans in evolution , and particularly as we look ahead to the next phase , i would say that there are a number of possibilities .
so what that means is , if we look back at what happens in evolution , and how we think about the place of humans in evolution , and particularly how we look at the next phase , i would say there &apos;s a set of possibilities .
so what that means is , if we look back to what &apos;s happening in evolution , and how we think about the place in humans in evolution , and especially as we look forward in the next phase , i would say there &apos;s a series of possibilities .

es ist ein bild des ersten strahlenpartikels welches die gesamte strecke um den lhc zurücklegte , dann absichtlich mit einem teil des lhc kollidierte , um einen regen von partikeln auf den detektor prasseln zu lassen .
it &apos;s a picture of the first beam particle going all the way around the lhc , colliding with a piece of the lhc deliberately , and showering particles into the detector .
it &apos;s a picture of the first radiation particles that returned the entire walk back to the lhc , which then returned with a part of the lholocaust , to make a rain come out of the detector .
it &apos;s a picture of the first punch particles that returned the entire track to the lhc , then with a part of the lhc collider , to let a rain down on the detector .

es gibt hinweise darauf , dass schon die neandertaler vor 60.000 jahren ältere menschen und menschen mit schweren körperlichen verletzungen mit getragen haben und das geschah vielleicht , weil die lebenserfahrung im überlebenskampf dieser menschen für die gesellschaft wertvoll war :
there &apos;s evidence that neanderthals , 60,000 years ago , carried their elderly and those with serious physical injury , and perhaps it &apos;s because the life experience of survival of these people proved of value to the community .
there &apos;s evidence that , in fact , the neanderthals around 60,000 years ago , people have contributed to body injuries with body injuries , and perhaps the life of life in the survival of these people , was valuable for people .
there &apos;s some evidence that the neanderthals of 60,000 young people , and people with severe injuries , and that might be done because the life expectancy in life expectancy was valuable for the society .

tan le , anonyme bewohnerin von footscray , war nun tan le , flüchtling und soziale aktivistin , die zu vorträgen an orte eingeladen wurde , von denen sie nie gehört hatte , und in behausungen , deren existenz sie sich nie hätte vorstellen können .
tan le , anonymous footscray resident , was now tan le , refugee and social activist , invited to speak in venues she had never heard of and into homes whose existence she could never have imagined .
tan le , anonymously , anonymous editors of a footage , was now ray tan , refugee and social activist , who was invited to be invited to places where she had never heard of , and in her field , she could have never imagined her .
tan lile , anonymity of shore , was now called refugee and social activist and social activities that were invited to submit places where they never heard , and in terms of their actions , their existence would never have been imagined .

ungefähr eine stunde nach dem sie zu hause angekommen war , nachdem ich sie nach hause gesendet hatte , kollabierte sie und die familie rief 911 an . die rettungsassistenten brachten sie zurück auf die notfallstation mit einem blutdruck von 50 , das ist ein gefährlicher schockzustand .
about an hour after she had arrived home , after i &apos;d sent her home , she collapsed and her family called 911 and the paramedics brought her back to the emergency department where she had a blood pressure of 50 , which is in severe shock .
about one hour after she arrived at home , after i finished her home , collapsed her , and she called the family 911 , and the rescue assistance brought her back to the emergency room with a 50 blood pressure , which is a dangerous state .
about an hour after she came home , after i finished her home , she ended up with her family , and she called the family 911 , and she brought them back to the emergency room with a 50 pressure , which is a dangerous state .

und dieses video ist wirklich interessant , denn es zeigt -- und dieses video ist wirklich interessant , denn es zeigt den ideenreichtum , mit dem man neue elemente ins spiel bringt -- wie die hoden -- und auch , wie das spiel sowohl vertrauen fordert als auch fördert -- während es gleichzeitig ungeheuren spaß macht .
and this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video &apos;s really interesting because it shows the inventiveness of bringing unusual elements into play -- such as testicles -- and also how play both requires trust and fosters trust -- while at the same time being tremendous fun .
and this video is really interesting , because it shows -- and this video is really interesting , because it shows the ideal wealth to play with the new elements of the game -- like the high -- and the game both trust and trust -- while it makes it fun at the same time .
and this video is really interesting , because it &apos;s really interesting -- and this video is really interesting , because it shows the ideal rice to play with the new elements in the game -- like the hostile -- and also how the game works and also supporting both the confidence -- while it &apos;s fun .

es gibt einige pilotprojekte , die das auf einem 60 % - 80 % niveau schaffen , aber es auf 100 % zu bekommen wird sehr schwierig werden . und eine einigung für die lagerung des co2 zu erzielen , ist eine große herausforderung . aber das größte problem hier ist die lagerzeitfrage .
now we have some pilot things that do this at the 60 to 80 percent level , but getting up to that full percentage , that will be very tricky , and agreeing on where these co2 quantities should be put will be hard , but the toughest one here is this long-term issue .
there are some mushroom projects that can be done on a 60 percent level -- 80 percent level , but it &apos;s going to get very hard on 100 percent . and it &apos;s a invitation for the co2 level of co2 , but it &apos;s a big challenge . but this is the biggest problem here .
there are some mushroom projects that are creating on a 60 percent , 80 percent level , but it &apos;s going to be very difficult to get into 100 percent . and a one-on-dollar co2 for the co2 is a big challenge . but the biggest problem is the question .

und haben wind und sonne und die last durchsimuliert und kamen zu dem ergebnis , ein ganz spannendes ergebnis , dass man gegenüber dem konventionellen system , das nach zwanzig jahren einen mittleren strompreis von ungefähr fünfzig cent pro kilowattstunde benötigt , etwa bei vierundvierzig cent rauskommt .
and we simulated wind and sun and the load , and the result , a very exciting result , was that compared to the conventional system , which needs a medium electricity price of about fifty cents per kwh after twenty years , you &apos;d arrive at about forty-four cents .
and wind has wind and the sun simultaneously simultaneously , and the result of the result , a very exciting outcome of the outcome , you have the conventional system , which is , after 20 years , takes about five kilograms of kilowatt-hour , hour of about four cents a day .
and wind and wind and sun came through the load and the load of the outcome , a very exciting result of the conventional result , that you have a conventional system after 20 years of 20 years , a middle east of about five cents a kilowatt-hour , takes about four cents at four cents an hour .

eine gruppe aus ankara , die ich vor einer weile mal kennengelernt habe , die haben das ist eine studentengruppe , die halt gerne der öffentlichkeit mehr vermitteln wollte , was was sie in der uni lernen , und die haben so so auf straßenfesten kleine aktionen gemacht und leuten versucht zu erklären , was d.n.a ist .
a group from ankara , that i came into contact with a while ago , they have they are a student group that wanted to inform the public more about what what they learn about at university , and they organised these these little actions at street festivals and tried to explain dna to people .
a group of homara , which i &apos;ve learned a long time ago , which is a college student , which is a group that wants to communicate more of what she wanted to learn in the uni , and the way in which is to explain so small actions , and to people who are trying to explain what was called ngo .
a group of people from ankara that i learned before a while ago that &apos;s a student group that wants to give you more of what they wanted to learn in the public , and they &apos;ve done so on street features , and trying to explain people to explain what &apos;s like to me .

kein biologe würde zum beispiel wagen zu behaupten , dass 50 % oder mehr aller arten kurz vor dem aussterben sind , da es einfach nicht stimmt . und doch , dieses -- das apokalyptischste szenarium auf dem gebiet der biologischen vielfalt -- entspricht kaum dem , was uns als optimistischstes szenarium auf dem gebiet der kulturellen vielfalt bekannt ist .
no biologists , for example , would dare suggest that 50 percent of all species or more have been or are on the brink of extinction because it simply is not true , and yet that -- the most apocalyptic scenario in the realm of biological diversity -- scarcely approaches what we know to be the most optimistic scenario in the realm of cultural diversity .
no biologist would claim to say , for example , that 50 percent of the 50 or more of all species are extinct before they die , it &apos;s just not true . and yet , this one -- the apocalyptic snium on the biodiversity of biodiversity -- which is hardly known as the most absence of the cultural issue of the cultural issue of the cultural species .
no biologist , for example , would claim that 50 percent of all kinds of species are about to die a little bit of time ago , because it &apos;s just not true . and yet , this -- the apocalyptiest thing on the field of biological diversity -- which is almost optimistic to us as the most optimistic about cultural diversity .

indem man also farbe , kontrast und helligkeit an den rändern den einzelnen bildern angleicht , fotografische mängel addiert , wie feldtiefe , entsättigte farben und störungen , verwischen wir die grenzen zwischen den verschiedenen bildern und lassen sie wie ein einzelnes foto aussehen , obwohl ein bild grundsätzlich hunderte von ebenen enthalten kann .
so by matching color , contrast and brightness in the borders between the different images , adding photographic defects like depth of field , desaturated colors and noise , we erase the borders between the different images and make it look like one single image , despite the fact that one image can contain hundreds of layers basically .
so by contrast by getting color , congressional and helmet to the shade of the individual images , photographers , photographers like deep , deep , depth and color , we &apos;ll let the difference between the different images , and what you can see is basically a picture of hundreds of images , even though a picture is basically hundreds of scores .
so by changing color by changing color , contrast and helplessness to change the individual images of individual images , photographers , fish like deep field , deep color and color , and disturbing the boundaries between the boundaries and the images that look like a different picture , even though a picture of millions of old .

bruce brown , ein bekannter designforscher an der brighton-university , ist so weit gegangen zu sagen , dass diese massenmedien , er meint das buch und das bild , also nicht das fernsehen , das internet usw. und so weiter , was wir als massenmedien heute bezeichnen , dass diese massenmedien unserer erinnerungen versteinert haben und unsere fähigkeit zu virtualisieren erudiert haben .
and has nothing more to do with reality .
now , a team of bruce brown brown , a famous design researcher at the british university of brightening , is so far to say that this mass media , he meant the mass media , and the book , which is not the internet , and so on , and so on , what we call mass media , is that this mass media of our media memories have replaced and our ability to have the ability to embedded our lives .
so , bruce brown brown brown , a famous design researcher explorer at the british berton university , is so far too far too far to say that these media , mass media , and the book , not the television , so the internet , and so on and so on , what we &apos;re talking about today , as a mass media , that these media capabilities have been recorded to us .

so dass das system sich dahin entwickelt backups zu erstellen , welche es einfacher machen fehler aufzuspüren , die menschen unausweichlich machen und es ebenso ermöglicht liebevolle , unterstützenden räume zu schaffen , in denen jeder , der das gesundheitswesen beobachtet , auch tatsächlich dinge ansprechen kann , welche potentielle fehler darstellen und dafür sogar belohnt wird . und das speziell für menschen wie mich , die fehler machen und für die begradigung dieser belohnt werden sollten .
so the system is evolving to create backups that make it easier to detect those mistakes that humans inevitably make and also fosters in a loving , supportive way places where everybody who is observing in the health care system can actually point out things that could be potential mistakes and is rewarded for doing so , and especially people like me , when we do make mistakes , we &apos;re rewarded for coming clean .
making it easier to create the system so that there &apos;s a backups of cups that are making it easier to make it easier , to make it easier for people to make the inevitable spaces and the inevitable spaces that can actually cause people to reject the spaces in each of the health care , and in fact , in fact , to restore things that can even address and restore the rewards for how people to make them , and the gratification of these erings , and the mistakes that people should be rewarded for them .
in fact , the system is so that the system is evolving so that the system is evolving backwards , making it easier to make eradicate errors , to make it easier to make people more unable , and also enable to make sure the support of health spaces that can actually be observed in any health care of the health care , and even enabled me to be able to help me and to restore the gray and the grave for the grapes .

