okay .
okay .
okay .
okay .

vielen dank .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

danke .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

woah !
wooo !
whoa !
ah !

toller trick ?
nice one .
great trick ?
great trick ?

auch kein krankenhaus .
there &apos;s no hospital that can say &quot; no . &quot;
no hospital too .
not a hospital too .

es ist eine krise .
it &apos;s a crisis .
it &apos;s a crisis .
it &apos;s a crisis .

sondern essentiell .
play &apos;s essential .
it &apos;s essential .
it &apos;s essential .

man konnte manhattan sehen .
you could see manhattan .
you could see manhattan .
you could see manhattan .

wie funktioniert das also ?
so how does it happen ?
so how does this work ?
so how does that work ?

ist das nicht traurig ?
isn &apos;t that sad ?
isn &apos;t that sad ?
isn &apos;t that sad ?

sie war also zurück .
well she was back all right .
so she was back .
so she was back .

jk : beides .
jk : both .
jk : both .
jk : both of the one .

es hält dich frisch .
it keeps you fresh .
it keeps you fresh .
it keeps you fresh .

das ist vorbildlich .
that &apos;s exemplary .
this is preconceptions .
this is pre-educated .

wir stoßen ständig aufeinander .
we &apos;re constantly running into each other .
we &apos;re constantly pushing apart .
we &apos;re constantly getting together .

ich hatte ein gutes leben .
i &apos;ve lived a good life .
i had a good life .
i had a good life .

es klingt vielleicht übel .
it might sound like it &apos;s a bad thing .
it may sound like this .
it may sound anxious .

es ist fast nichts mehr übrig .
there &apos;s almost nothing left .
it &apos;s almost nothing more left .
it &apos;s almost no longer left .

kann doch gar kein problem sein .
that can &apos;t be a problem .
but no problem can be a problem .
but can &apos;t be a problem .

der wiederum zeigte ihn javier .
he showed it to javier .
again , he showed him four .
again , he showed him jail four .

nun , wie konnte das geschehen ?
now how could this come about ?
now , how could this happen ?
well , how could that happen ?

und hier nochmal die darstellung .
and here you have the graphic again .
and here &apos;s the representation again .
and here &apos;s the darkness .

und es war eine unglaubliche erfahrung .
and it &apos;s been an incredible experience .
and it was an incredible experience .
and it was an incredible experience .

ich sollte das vermutlich nicht tun .
i &apos;m going to tell you something i probably shouldn &apos;t .
i probably shouldn &apos;t do that .
i should probably not do that .

und ihn dann zu realisieren .
and then they execute on it .
and then they realize it .
and then reconcilize it .

das ist beängstigend .
that &apos;s scary .
this is scary .
this is scary .

das spiel fängt an – schweigen .
the match begins -- silence .
the game begins -- swiss .
the game starts -- swiss .

und das kann einen großen unterschied machen .
and that can make a big difference .
and this can make a big difference .
and that can make a big difference .

und was bedeutet das für den designer ?
and what does that mean to a designer ?
and what does this mean for the designer ?
and what does this mean for designers ?

scheinbar war es recht beliebt .
and apparently it was quite popular .
apparently , it was pretty popular .
apparently it was pretty popular .

nein , ich meine es wirklich ernst .
no . i &apos;m serious . i am .
no , i mean it really serious .
no , i mean , really serious .

es beschäftigt sich mit schwachsinn .
he &apos;s wasting his time on nonsense .
it &apos;s busy making sense .
it &apos;s busy .

es gibt ebenfalls weltrekorde .
there &apos;s world records that are on this as well .
there &apos;s also the world record .
there are also worlds .

oh mein gott . oh mein gott .
oh , my god . oh , my god .
oh my god . oh my god .
oh my god . oh my god .

der interessiert sich fürs feuermachen .
but there are no associations to look for where you can learn how to make a fire .
it &apos;s interested in firefications .
the interest is interested in fireflies .

widrigkeiten gehören einfach zu unserem leben .
it &apos;s part of our life .
jokes just belong to our lives .
withird is just to live on our lives .

nein , das war , was ich dachte .
no , that &apos;s what i thought .
no , that &apos;s what i thought .
no , that was what i thought .

es gab nie zuvor eine zeit wie diese .
there &apos;s never been a time like this .
there was never a time before like this .
there was never been a time like this .

und das war es , was ich fühlte .
and it was what i was feeling .
and that was what i felt .
and that was what i felt .

zustände dieser art existieren bei uns nicht .
we don &apos;t have that kind of situation .
in that way , these things don &apos;t exist .
these kinds of circumstances don &apos;t exist in us .

und was macht man dann mit dem müll ?
and then what do you do with the waste ?
and what do you do with the waste ?
and what do you do with the waste ?

ich meine , was werde ich heute finden ?
i mean , what am i going to find today ?
i mean , what am i going to find today ?
i mean , what am i going to find today ?

eine ganze schale cool whip essen .
eating an entire bowl of cool whip .
it &apos;s a whole cool thing to do .
it &apos;s a whole cool grap .

dies ist eine , ein teil von ihr .
this is one of them , part of one of them .
this is one , part of it .
this is one , part of her .

und dann sieht es in der regel so aus .
and that generally looks like this .
and then it looks like this in the rule .
and then it looks like this .

sie hören nur zu und beginnen dann zu sprechen .
they simply listen and then begin to speak .
you just listen to it , and you start talking .
you just listen and then start talking .

meine großmutter hat mich nie sein leben vergessen lassen .
my grandmother never let me forget his life .
my grandmother never forgot me alive .
my grandmother never left his life .

schütz die umwelt , verbrauche weniger energie .
protect the environment , consume less energy .
shake the environment , less energy .
shatz the environment , use less energy .

ich dachte , ich könne mich integrieren .
and i thought i could blend in .
i thought i could integrate myself .
i thought i could integrate myself .

also an dieser stelle brauchen wir digitale sicherheitssysteme .
so this is where we need digital safety systems .
so we need digital security systems .
so at this point , we need digital security systems .

sie leben mit hilfe von chemosynthese .
they live in an environment of chemosynthesis .
they live with help from chemosynthesis .
they live with help of chemosynthesis .

den rest der zeit sind sie delokalisiert .
the rest of the time they &apos;re delocalized .
the rest of the time , they &apos;re octasty .
the rest of the time , they &apos;re delay .

deshalb denke ich , müssen wir führend sein .
so i think we have to be in the lead .
that &apos;s why i think we need to be leaders .
that &apos;s why i think we need to be leadership .

ich wollte nicht gehen ; ich liebe mein leben .
i didn &apos;t want to go ; i love my life .
i didn &apos;t want to go ; i love my life .
i didn &apos;t want to go ; i love my life .

er kam zu mir und umarmte mich .
and this man came over to me and he hugged me .
he came to me and hugged me .
he came to me , and he came up with me .

beide sind überlebensfähig , beide zünden .
both are viable ; both take off .
both of them are capable of survival , both of them .
both of them are survival , both of them .

dies ist ein vollkommen unhaltbares entwicklungsmuster .
this is a completely unsustainable pattern .
this is a totally unsustainable development pattern .
this is a completely unsustainable development pattern .

bei einem dachte ich er hätte nierensteine .
one i thought had a kidney stone .
i thought he would have kidney rocks .
at one point , i thought he would have kidney stones .

somit war jedes tröpfchen ein wenig anders .
and so every drop was a little bit different .
so every droplet was a little bit different .
so every trump was a little different .

und warum ? weil paul einen impfstoff gemacht hat .
and why ? because paul made a vaccine .
and why ? because paul has made a vaccine .
and why ? because paul did a vaccine .

sie virtualisieren die realität und zwar ganz ohne computer .
you are virtualising the reality without a computer .
they virtualize the reality , and they don &apos;t have computers .
it &apos;s virtual reality and without computers .

und das ist die planung hinter stuxnet .
and this is the plot behind stuxnet .
and this is the planning behind xic .
and that &apos;s the planning behind it .

aber werden wir das beste aus unserem spieltrieb machen ?
but will we make the most of our playfulness ?
but will we make the best part of our toys ?
but are we going to do the best of our game ?

es war &quot; in ewigkeit , für immer . &quot;
it was , &quot; in perpetuity . forever . &quot;
it was in eternity , forever .
it was &quot; in eternal , forever . &quot;

... könntest du bitte kurz die folie zeigen .
and then , so if you can just turn on the slide that &apos;s on .
... can you just show the slide , please .
... can you just show the slide .

und wir erfinden uns so oft neu wie wir möchten .
and we get to re-invent ourselves as often as we like .
and we &apos;re often reinventing how often we want .
and we also invent ourselves as often as we want .

also hören sie bitte zu , wenn eine musik gespielt wird .
so please listen when music is played .
so please listen to , if music is played .
so listen to you , if you &apos;re playing a music .

es ist eine total verleugnung von fehlern .
it &apos;s a complete denial of mistakes .
it &apos;s a totally denial of error .
it &apos;s a completely denial deception of missions .

spiel ist der kitt , der uns beieinanderhält .
play is the glue that binds us together .
game is the tip that holds us together .
game is the kitt that keeps us down .

sie ist nicht mal eine idee ; sie ist ein prozess .
it &apos;s not even an idea ; it &apos;s a process .
it &apos;s not an idea ; it &apos;s a process .
she &apos;s not even an idea ; she &apos;s a process .

also in anderen worten definiere ich zuerst was ich will .
so in other words , i define what i wanted .
so in other words , i first want to know what i want .
so in other words , i first define what i want .

zidane , in einem augenblick der kopfstoß .
zidane , the headbutt in a moment .
zip , in a moment , the headphone .
zie , in a moment of headline .

edward castronova ist ein volkswissenschaftler .
there &apos;s an economist named edward castronova .
edward caber is a voloid scientist .
edward caova is an indian scientist .

welche weiteren metamorphosen haben sie durchlaufen ?
what are some other metamorphoses that you &apos;ve had ?
what other metamorphobians have gone through ?
what other metamins have you run through ?

es gibt ihn noch nicht einmal online . kein streaming .
it &apos;s not even online . it &apos;s not even streaming .
there &apos;s not even him online . no extension .
there &apos;s not even online . there &apos;s no equation .

und sie können diesen grünen punkt dort in der mitte sehen .
and you can sort of see this green dot right in the middle .
and you can see this green dot there in the middle there .
and you can see this green point there in the middle .

und dennoch gibt es da diese mentale abkopplung .
and yet , there is this disconnect .
and yet , there &apos;s this mental recovery .
and yet , there &apos;s this mental disorder .

hier ist ein kurzes video über das , was wir tun .
it &apos;s just a quick video of what we do .
here &apos;s a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
here &apos;s a short video about what we do .

wir können die gleichen dinge in der tat mit weniger energie machen .
we can actually do the same thing with much less energy .
we can do the same things in fact with less energy .
we can do the same things in fact with less energy .

also ich weiß von einigen , die sich nicht eingetragen haben .
i know of some people who haven &apos;t registered .
so i know some of you who haven &apos;t been in .
so i know about some of the ones that didn &apos;t wear themselves .

sie müssen zugeben , dass das eine große auswahl ist .
you &apos;ve got to admit that &apos;s a lot of choice .
you have to admit that this is a big choice .
you have to admit that this is a big choice .

50 prozent ihrer entscheidungen wurden innerhalb von neun minuten oder weniger getroffen .
50 percent of their decisions were made in nine minutes or less .
50 percent of their decisions were made within nine minutes or less .
50 percent of their decisions were hit within nine minutes or less .

zum beispiel , wäre diese jemand , der vollständig logisch ist .
and for example , this would be somebody who &apos;s completely logical .
for example , would be somebody who &apos;s completely logical .
for example , this one would be completely logically locally .

es war völlig ausgeschlossen , dass sie dabei scheitern könnte .
it was inconceivable to her that she would not succeed .
it was completely excluded that she could fail to fail .
it was completely closed that she could fail .

ich kann sagen , die kanzlerin ist ein mann .
and if i &apos;m right , then the chancellor is a man .
i can say the channel is a man .
i can say the kanzler is a man .

b hat diese vorteile und risiken . was wollen sie tun ?
b has these benefits , and these risks . what do you want to do ? &quot;
b has these benefits and risks . what do you want to do ?
b has this benefits and risks . what do you want to do ?

also , wenn du bitte das licht wieder anmachen könntest .
so , if you could bring up the lights .
so , if you can do the lights again .
so , if you ask the light again .

ich spiele erklärend , was diese töne zu bedeuten haben könnten .
i play to explain what these tones might have meant .
i explained what those notes could have .
i &apos;m playing what these notes might have to mean .

und in berlin gab es ein verrücktes ingenieurkollektiv .
and in berlin there was this crazy engineering collective .
and in berlin , there was a crazy engineering engineer .
and in berlin , there was a crazy engineer .

ich behaupte , wir sind bereit für unser eigenes episches spiel .
i say we are ready for our own epic game .
i &apos;m saying we &apos;re ready for our own episode .
i &apos;m saying we &apos;re ready for our own episode .

bei den meisten meiner tätigkeiten habe ich zwei hüte auf .
so i wear two hats in most of what i do .
in most of my activities , i have two hips .
in most of my activities , i &apos;ve got two hips on my own .

sagen sie mir bitte nicht , dass diese dinge keine konsequenzen haben .
please , don &apos;t tell me there are no consequences to these things .
don &apos;t tell me that these things don &apos;t have any consequences .
don &apos;t tell me that these things don &apos;t have consequences .

und was darunter ist , ist das , was wir bürokratie nennen .
and what &apos;s under that is what we call bureaucracy .
and what &apos;s below , is what we call bureaucracy .
and what &apos;s underneath is what we call bureaucracy .

denn durch meeresschutzgebiete stellen wir im grunde die vergangenheit wieder her .
because with marine protected areas , we actually recreate the past .
because through marine protected areas , we &apos;re essentially restoring the past .
because through marine reserves , we basically put the past again .

dann passiert das gleiche wie in einem guten , angeregten gespräch .
then the same thing happens as when you have a good , stimulating conversation .
and then the same thing happens in a good , fair conversation .
and then the same thing happens in a good conversation .

die forschung , es ist einfach verrückt , wie wenig die unterstützt wird .
the r &amp; amp ; d piece , it &apos;s crazy how little it &apos;s funded .
the research , it &apos;s just crazy , how little it will support .
the research , it &apos;s just crazy , how little it &apos;s supported .

dies hat mich getroffen , als ich meine jeans austauschen wollte .
this hit me when i went to replace my jeans .
this struck me when i wanted to share my jeans .
this made me meet when i wanted to raise my jeans .

ich habe das übrigens nicht in meiner arbeit als anwalt gelernt .
and i didn &apos;t learn about this actually practicing law and doing the work that i do .
i didn &apos;t learn that in my work as a lawyer .
i didn &apos;t learn that in my work as a lawyer .

das ist meine marke in meiner kleinen , verzerrten industrie .
in my warped little industry , that &apos;s my brand .
this is my brand in my little , distorted industry .
this is my marke in my little , failed industry .

nun , ich fragte mich , wie kann ich das wirklich rüberbringen ?
now , i thought , &quot; how could i really capture this ?
now , i wondered how can i actually get that around ?
well , i wondered how can i really get that ?

die notierten noten haben dabei die funktion der buchstaben einer schrift .
the annotated notes have the function of the letters of a language .
the notes did the function of the letters of the letter .
the node notes have the function of the letters of a script .

und das nennt man androgenrezeptor-defekt .
and this is a syndrome called androgen insensitivity syndrome .
and this is called androgen-receptacle defects .
and this is called androgenic receptor .

die erste regel also lautet , dass kombinierte fotos dieselbe perspektive haben sollten .
so the first rule is that photos combined should have the same perspective .
so the first rule is that combined photos should have the same perspective .
so the first rule is that combined photos should have the same perspective .

und das ist die nachricht , die ich im medizinstudium aufnahm .
and that was the message that i absorbed when i was in med school .
and this is the message i took in medical school .
and that &apos;s the message that i studied in medical school .

ich liebe diese : &quot; watson bezwingt menschlichen gegner . &quot;
and i love this : &quot; watson vanquishes human opponents . &quot;
i love this one , &quot; watson is doing human opponents . &quot;
i love this : &quot; watson forced human enemy . &quot;

denn die kategorien sagen mir , wie ich sie auseinander halten kann .
because the categories tell me how to tell them apart .
because the categories tell me how to keep them apart .
because the categories tell me how i can keep them apart .

da ist nun all dieser rummel vor der großen enthüllung
so there &apos;s all this hustle and bustle going on for the big unveiling .
now there &apos;s all this rumblebee before the big unveil .
now , there &apos;s all of these rummies in front of the big revelation .

große daten werden für organisationen auf der ganzen welt in große gelegenheiten verwandelt .
turning big data into big opportunity for organizations all over the world .
big data is transferred to organizations around the world in big opportunities .
big data is transformed for organizations around the world in large opportunities .

um es in meinen zusammenhang zu stellen : ich wurde im jahr 1946 geboren .
to put it in context for myself : i was born in 1946 .
to put it in my context : i was born in 1946 .
to put it in my context : i was born in 1946 .

und das wichtigste dabei ist , uns den boden anzuschauen , als allererstes .
and the most important thing is to look at is the soil first of all .
and the most important thing is to look at the soil , first .
and the most important thing is to look at the ground as the first thing .

-- aber in unserer entdeckung der welt , haben wir alle arten unterschiedlicher methoden .
but in our discovery around the world , we have all kinds of other methods .
but in our discovery of the world , we have all kinds of different methods .
but in our discovery of the world , we all have different kinds of methods .

wir tippen , wir reichen ein , wir gehen essen , das ist okay .
we type , we file , we go to dinner . it &apos;s fine .
we tip , we pass a rich , we eat , that &apos;s okay .
we tip , we &apos;re rich , we &apos;re going to eat , that &apos;s okay .

und ich dachte an die beziehung mit meiner frau , zu freunden , zu menschen .
and i thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
and i thought about the relationship with my wife , friends , people .
and i thought about the relationship with my wife , to friends , to people .

das ist eine der schmerzhaftesten korrekturen eines kreativen lebens .
this is one of the most painful reconciliations to make in a creative life .
this is one of the most painful corrections of a creative life .
this is one of the most painful corrections of a creative life .

also hat die allianz für klimaschutz zwei kampagnen ins leben gerufen .
so the alliance for climate protection has launched two campaigns .
so the alliance of climate protection has created two campaigns in life .
so the alliance for climate protection has two camps in life .

wunderschöner strand . toller tag . sie haben es alles für sich selbst .
gorgeous beach . beautiful day . they have it all to themselves .
beautiful beach . great day he . you have everything for yourself .
beautiful beach . great day . you have everything for yourself .

also rief ich am nächsten tag , kurz vor der veranstaltung , don an .
so the next day , just before the event , i called don .
so i called up the next day , just before the event , don &apos;t go .
so i called the next day , just before the event , don &apos;t .

dass wir alle mehr sind , als das schlimmste , was wir jemals getan haben .
that each of us is more than the worst thing we &apos;ve ever done .
that we &apos;re all more than the worst thing we &apos;ve ever done .
that we &apos;re all more than the worst thing we &apos;ve ever done .

das ist das , das auf zwei milliarden jahre arbeitserfahrung zurückgreift .
that &apos;s the one that relies on two billion years of on-the-job experience .
that &apos;s the one on two billion years of serendipity .
this is the one that comes back to two billion years of labor .

hier ist der stand der gesamten demonstration , die ich bis hierhin gehalten habe .
here , in fact , is the state of all the demo that i just gave .
here &apos;s the whole demonstration of the demonstration that i &apos;ve given to this .
here &apos;s the whole demonstration of the whole demonstration that i kept on to this .

drei dinge : tastemaker , teilnahmecommunities und das unerwartete .
three things : tastemakers , communities of participation and unexpectedness .
three things : tasteam , parent and the unexpected .
three things : tasteful , shared metric , and that was unexpected .

er hatte eine potentiell lebensgefährliche krankheit namens epiglottitis .
he had a potentially life-threatening condition called epiglottitis .
he had a potential life-threatening illness called epiglottitis .
he had a potentially dangerous disease called glottiotyptitis .

das entspricht der leistung von hundert atomkraftwerken , weil das geht besonders schnell überall .
that &apos;s equivalent to the output of one hundred nuclear power plants , because it is converted particularly quickly .
that &apos;s the power of a hundred nuclear power plants , because that &apos;s going fast everywhere .
this is the performance of a hundred nuclear power plant , because this is particularly fast .

keine angst , keine qualen , kinderlähmung , puff , verschwunden .
no fear , no agony . polio -- puff , gone .
no fear , no quest , child paralysis , puppets , disappeared .
no fear , no jar , child hunters , puff , disappeared .

jedes mal ist es spannend , denn immer wieder lese ich etwas neues heraus .
it &apos;s exciting every time , because i read something new in it every time .
every time it &apos;s exciting , because i &apos;ll read something new .
every time it &apos;s exciting , because again , i read something new .

das heißt , sie können im internet sehen , wie man die nährstoffe zurückgewinnen kann .
that means you can see how to win back nutrients on the internet .
that means that you can see in the internet , as you can get the nutrients back .
that means you can see in the internet , as you can win the nutrients .

ich schaute durch die duschtrennwand und sah sie auf der anderen seite stehen .
i looked through the shower screen and saw her standing on the other side .
i looked through the shower wall , and she saw them on the other side .
i looked through the dumbling wall , and i saw them on the other side .

also tat er , was jeder gute entwickler tun würde , er schrieb eine app .
so he did what any good developer would do , he wrote an app .
so he did what any good developer would do , he wrote an app .
so he did what every good developer would do , he wrote an app .

die melodie entsteht aus dem gesungenen und der rhythmus aus dem tanz .
the melody is created through what &apos;s being sung and rhythm is created through dance .
the melody comes out of the healthy and the rhythm of the dance .
the melody comes from the healthy and the rhythm from the dance .

es liegt daran , dass möglichkeiten auf diesem planeten nicht zurück gehen , sie gehen vorwärts .
it &apos;s because possibilities on this planet , they don &apos;t go back , they go forward .
it &apos;s because there &apos;s no ways of going on this planet , don &apos;t go back , they go forward .
it &apos;s because opportunities don &apos;t go back to this planet , they go forward .

... das muss keine angst sein . in welcher art von achterbahn befinden sie sich ?
... doesn &apos;t have to be fear . what kind of roller coaster are you on ?
... that doesn &apos;t have to be scared . what kind of terrestrial trajectory you ?
... that doesn &apos;t have to be afraid . what kind of aches you are ?

nun – wir können das einfach überspringen – ich werde stattdessen einfach das video überspringen ...
we &apos;ll just -- we can just skip -- i &apos;ll just skip through the video instead ...
now -- we can just jump through this -- i &apos;m just going to skip the video instead .
now -- we can just jump out -- i &apos;m just going to jump out the video ...

wir spielen mal gerade die produktionskosten ein . von ruhm keine spur .
we barely break even . there is no fame in it .
we &apos;re just playing the production costs . don &apos;t spin any trace .
we &apos;re just going to play the production costs . it &apos;s not a splash .

sie sind , in manchen kulturen , die wahl , um mehr männer als frauen zu haben .
they &apos;re , in some cultures , choosing to have more males than females .
they are , in some cultures that have choice to have more men than women .
they are , in some cultures , the choice to have more men than women .

das ist ich glaube , die sind da da sind weniger leute eingetragen , als tatsächlich existieren .
that is i think they are less people have registered than actually exist .
that &apos;s what i think is that there &apos;s less people involved in there than actually exist .
i think that &apos;s because there are less people than actually exist .

und dann fügte er hinzu : &quot; aber unser wasser hat keine unreinheiten . &quot;
and then he added , &quot; but our water has no impurities . &quot;
and then he added to him , &quot; but our water has no stores . &quot;
and then he put it up , &quot; but our water doesn &apos;t have a pump . &quot;

und deshalb geben die hoden im fötalen stadium testosteron ab .
and so in the fetal life the testes are pumping out testosterone .
and that &apos;s why the testicles in eastern testosterone .
and that &apos;s why the holiday stays go on the fare stays .

die familie , die angst um sein leben hatte , nahm ihm alle waffen und alle werkzeuge ab .
the family , fearful for his life , took away all of his weapons , all of his tools .
the family who was afraid of his life took all the guns and all the tools .
the family , the fear of his life , took him all the weapons and all the tools .

wir sind dabei von sechseinhalb zu neun milliarden menschen in den nächsten 40 jahre anzuwachsen .
we &apos;re about to go from six and a half to nine billion people over the next 40 years .
we &apos;re growing up from six-and-a-half billion people in the next 40 years .
we &apos;re growing from six and a half billion people in the next 40 years .

also müssen sie auch nicht auf klassische musik verzichten , weil sie kein instrument spielen .
so you don &apos;t need to abstain from listening to classical music because you don &apos;t play an instrument .
so they don &apos;t have to be in classical music because they don &apos;t have to play instrument .
so you don &apos;t have to do it in classical music because they don &apos;t play any instrument .

und so fing ich an herum zu spielen , und stellte fest , dass dort etwas vor sich geht .
and so i started playing around , and i found something going on over here .
and so i started playing around , and i noticed that there &apos;s something going on there .
and so i started playing around , and i realized that there &apos;s something going on there .

was heutzutage interessant ist , ist das echtzeit-kontrollsysteme beginnen in unserem leben aufzutauchen .
what is interesting today is that real time control systems are starting to enter into our lives .
what &apos;s interesting today is the real-time web systems begin in our lives .
what &apos;s interesting now is the real control control systems start to live in our lives .

wir wissen , dass ein entwicklungsprozess nicht optimal ist , wenn er zu kompliziert wird .
in fact , we know that the engineering process doesn &apos;t work very well when it gets complicated .
we know that a developmental process is not optimal when it becomes complicated .
we know that a developmental process isn &apos;t even optimal when it becomes complicated .

und ich glaube wir alle hier sind teil der schöpfung von dem was auch immer als nächstes kommt .
and i think all of us here are a part of producing whatever that next thing is .
and i think all of us here are part of the creation of whatever is coming next .
and i think we &apos;re all part of the creation of what &apos;s going on next .

und dann würden sie fragen : wie glücklich sind die augenblicke im leben des erlebenden selbst ?
and then you would ask : how happy are the moments in the experiencing self &apos;s life ?
and then you would ask them , how happy are the moments of life in the living themselves ?
and then you would ask : how happy are the eyeball of life in life ?

sie rettete mein leben , indem sie mich die toilette im lehrerzimmer benutzen ließ .
she saved my life by letting me go to the bathroom in the teachers &apos; lounge .
she saved my life by using the toilet to use the toilet in the classroom .
she saved my life by using the toilet in the teaching room .

er wollte die gefühle beim spielen einfangen . also hat er vor den spielern eine kamera aufgebaut .
he wanted to capture the emotion of gaming , so he set up a camera in front of gamers while they were playing .
he wanted to capture the feelings in games . so he built a camera camera .
so he wanted to catch the emotions in play . so he built a camera in front of the game .

das heißt , wir verlieren im boden etwa fünftausend mal mehr , als neu gebildet wird .
that means we &apos;re losing five-thousand times more than what is formed in the soil .
that means we &apos;re losing up in the ground about five times more than new .
that means that we lose in the ground about five times more than re-educated .

um ein realistisches resultat zu erreichen , läuft es von mir aus gesehen also auf planung hinaus .
so to achieve a realistic result , i think it comes down to planning .
so to achieve a realistic outcome , it &apos;s going to go from me to planning .
so to achieve a realistic result , it &apos;s going to go from me to planning .

dann verbrauchen sie nur noch das , was an sonne und wind da vorhanden ist , wo sie leben .
then they &apos;ll only be using what is available in terms of sun and wind where they live .
and then they just need to do what &apos;s on the sun and wind there , where they live .
then they just need what &apos;s on sun and wind there , where they live .

und er kannte sie , er wäre in der lage gewesen zusätzliche informationen zu ihr beizusteuern .
and he knew her , he would have been able to furnish additional information about her .
and he knew that he would have been able to control his information .
and he knew she would have been able to control additional information .

das interessante daran ist , dass zu dieser zeit der mensch gleichzeitig medienproduzent und medium selber war .
the interesting thing about this is that at this moment the human was simultaneously the media producer and medium .
the interesting thing about this is that at the time of the human media producers and medium was itself .
the interesting thing about this time was the human media producers at the same time and medium .

zuerst ein ballspiel auf bonobo-art -- und ich denke dabei nicht an fussball .
first , it &apos;s a ball game bonobo-style -- and i do not mean football .
first , a balloon game play on bonobo-like -- and i don &apos;t think of the football .
first of all , a balloon bonoboo kind -- and i don &apos;t think of the football ball .

aber genauso arbeiten wir momentan daran , die gleichen ansätze für die entwicklung von impfstoffen einzusetzen .
but also , we &apos;re now working on using these same tools to come up with instant sets of vaccines .
but in the same way , we &apos;re working on using the same approaches for the development of vaccines .
but at the same time , we &apos;re working on putting the same approaches for the development of vaccine .

wir dachten also , dass wir damit beginnen könnten , ein völlig neues kapitel zu schreiben im bereich mobilität .
so we thought we would start writing a brand new chapter of mobility .
so we thought that we could start by writing a completely new chapter of chapter in the mobility .
so we thought that we could start writing a completely new chapter in mobility .

es ging um eine methode , mit der eltern herausfinden können , welche die richtigen öffentlichen schulen für ihre kinder sind .
it was a way that parents could figure out which were the right public schools for their kids .
it was a way to figure out how to find parents who are the right public schools for their children .
it was about a method where parents can figure out which are the right public schools for their children .

dies ist das erste objekt , das sie sehen können , das in der quantenmechanischen superposition war .
this is the first object that you can see that has been in a mechanical quantum superposition .
this is the first object you can see in the quantum mechanical position .
this is the first object you can see in the quantum mechanical position .

wenn sie das licht einschalten , sieht es so aus . also genauso , wie wir es vorher gesehen haben .
when you turn on the light , actually you see this . so the same as we saw before .
if you turn on the lights , it looks like this . so , just like we saw it before .
if you turn the light down , it looks like this . so just as we saw it before .

zum einen ist die energiedichte , die diese technologien erzeugen dramatisch geringer als die von kraftwerken .
one is that the density of energy gathered in these technologies is dramatically less than a power plant .
one is the energy source that these technologies create dramatically lower than the power of power .
one is the energy that these technologies create dramatic things as the power of power .

also , was wir hier haben , ist eine komplette generation junger menschen , die meister-spieler sind .
and so , now what we &apos;re looking at is an entire generation of young people who are virtuoso gamers .
so what we have here is a full young generation of young people who are mastery .
so what we have here is a complete generation of young people who are master-players .

dies ist fast mit vollkommener sicherheit zu begrenzt -- möglicherweise auch für den fisch , definitiv für uns .
this one is almost certainly too limited -- perhaps even for the fish , certainly for us .
this is almost completely unlimited -- maybe for the fish , definitely for us .
this is almost limited to safety security -- perhaps for the fish , definitely for us .

zu diesen archaischen modellen gehört , dass wir ein prinzipiell natürliches verhältnis zur virtualität haben .
intrinsic to these archaic models is the fact that we have a principally natural relationship with virtuality .
in this archaic model , we &apos;ve heard that we have a principle proportional relationship to the virtuality of virtuality .
to these archational models , that we have a principle of natural relationship to virtual .

warum nicht die schnellen muskelfasern haben , die es ihnen ermöglichen werden , schneller und länger zu laufen ?
why not have the quick twitch muscle that will enable you to run faster and longer ?
why don &apos;t the fast muscle have fibers that will allow you to be able to walk faster and longer ?
why not have the fast muscles that allow them to be able to run faster and longer ?

na ja , also sie sehen , auf alle fälle muss niemand ein aussichtsloser kandidat sein .
well , but this shows you , in any case , nobody has to be hopeless candidate .
well , you see , all the cases , no one has to be an idiot candidate .
well , you can see , in all cases , no one has to be a visible candidate .

klingt erstmal ganz banal , ist aber entsprechend spannend , wenn man sich damit näher beschäftigt .
that might sound mundane at first , but it &apos;s exciting , once you take a closer look at it .
now , first of all , it sounds banal , but it &apos;s relaxed , if you get closer to it .
the first time , the banal thing is , but it &apos;s exciting when you &apos;re closer to it .

ich werde wohl mit der demonstration beginnen , und ihnen einige interessante dinge erzählen , die seit dem start passierten .
i &apos;m going to probably get into the demo and then tell you a couple of the interesting things we &apos;ve had since launch .
i &apos;m probably going to start with the demonstration , and tell you some interesting things that had happened since the beginning .
i &apos;m going to start with the demonstration , and tell you some interesting things that happened since the launch .

dabei installieren wir einen evolutionsprozess in der maschine , welcher im mikrosekunden-bereich abläuft .
so what we do is we put inside the machine a process of evolution that takes place on the microsecond time scale .
and we &apos;re installing an evolutionary process in the machine , which is going on in the micro-area field .
and we &apos;re installing an evolutionary process in the machine that &apos;s going on in the micro-scale area .

diese neigten also dazu , länger zu überleben und sie vermehrten sich in grösserem ausmass .
so those tended to live longer , get expressed more .
so this nouts tend to survive longer , and they multiply themselves into size .
so these ngos tend to survive longer , and they &apos;re in a lot of size .

ich habe sehr viel zeit meines lebens damit verbracht , zu versuchen , ich selbst zu sein , und mich gleichzeitig anzupassen .
i &apos;ve spent a whole lot of my life trying to be myself and at the same time fit in .
i spent a lot of time in my life trying to be myself , and i adapt at the same time .
i spent a lot of time trying to be trying to be myself , and at the same time .

unsere sprache hinkt den gesellschaftlichen veränderungen hinterher , die in vielen fällen durch einen technologischen wandel ausgelöst wurden .
our language hasn &apos;t caught up with the changes in our society , many of which have been brought about by technology .
our language is the social change that has been solved in many cases that have been solved by a technological change .
our language is changing the social change that were solved in many cases by a technological change .

in holland versteht man das natürlich leichter , weil in holland ist das land auf blumen aufgebaut .
in holland it &apos;s easier to understand this , because holland built the country on flowers .
in holland , of course , you understand the lighter , because in holland , the land is built on flowers .
in holland , of course , you understand the lighter , because in holland , the country is built on flowers .

sie können nur in verbindung mit einigen anderen chemikalien oral eingenommen werden , die die mao denaturieren .
they can only be taken orally if taken in conjunction with some other chemical that denatures the mao .
you can only be taken with some other chemicals that the mao atrium .
you can only be put in some other chemicals with some other transferences , which are the mao atrium .

vielleicht könnt ihr kurz mal aufstehen , damit sie sich in der pause mit den beiden über das projekt unterhalten können .
perhaps you could just briefly stand up , so people can talk to you about the project during the break if they want to .
maybe you can just stand up for a second , so you can pause through the two project .
maybe you can stand for a long time , so you can keep in the break with the two to talk about the project .

ich entschied , dass das freilassen von glühwürmchen mein diesjähriger beitrag zur umwelt hier sein würde .
i decided that releasing fireflies would be my contribution to the environment here this year .
i decided that the free of fireflies would be my three-year-old contribution to the environment here .
i decided that the free of light worms would be my year-old contribution to the environment here .

sie erinnerte mich daran , dass ich nun so alt war wie sie damals , als wir das boot bestiegen hatten .
she reminded me that i was now the same age she had been when we boarded the boat .
she reminded me that i was now as old as she had , when we had the boat .
she remembered me that now i was as old as she was at the time when we had the boat .

er bekommt anrufe zu hause , weil die leute ihm gerne erzählen , dass sie wissen wo seine kinder zur schule gehen .
he gets called at home because people like to tell him that they remember where his kids go to school .
he gets to go home because people like to tell him where they go to school to school .
he gets home because people like to tell him that they know where his children go to school .

vielleicht etwas zu viel zeit , wenn man bedenkt wie viele probleme wir dringend in der realen welt zu lösen haben .
maybe too much time , considering how many urgent problems we have to solve in the real world . &quot;
maybe a lot of time when you think about how many problems we have to solve in the real world .
maybe a lot of time when you think about how many problems we have in the real world .

und weil man diese idee in einer minute erklären kann , werde ich ihnen vorher drei geschichten erzählen , um die zeit zu nutzen .
and because the idea can be explained in one minute , i will tell you three stories before to fill in the time .
and because you can explain this idea in a minute , i &apos;m going to tell you three stories about time .
and because you can explain this idea in a minute , i &apos;m going to tell you three stories before , to use time .

also nicht mehr sparen , verzichten , vermeiden , reduzieren , kein schuldmanagement , sondern intelligente verschwendung .
so no more saving , abstaining from , avoiding , reducing , no more guilt management , but intelligent waste .
so not saving , legislation , avoid , reduce school fees , not management , but intelligent waste .
so not more save , avoid , reduce , reduce , not a school management , but intelligent waste .

also beginnen wir uns auf computer zu verlassen , für einen prozess , welcher sich vom klassischen ingenieurswesen stark unterscheidet .
so we &apos;re beginning to depend on computers to do a process that &apos;s very different than engineering .
so we &apos;re starting to rely on computers , for a process which is very different from classical engineering creatures .
so we &apos;re starting to rely on computers , for a process that &apos;s different from classical engineering engineering .

was wir nun hier haben sind die titelbilder jeder einzelnen &quot; sports illustrated &quot; , die jemals gedruckt wurden .
so what we have right here is the cover of every single sports illustrated ever produced .
so what we &apos;ve got here is the cover of every single &quot; sports illustrate &quot; that has ever been printed .
now , what we have here is the title images of every single character illustrator that have ever been printed .

meine mutter arbeitete auf farmen , dann an einem fließband in einer autofabrik , sechs tage , doppelte schichten .
my mother worked on farms , then on a car assembly line , working six days , double shifts .
my mother was working on farms , then on a flying band in a car factory , six days , two days layers .
my mother worked on farms , then on a flying band in a car factory , six days , doubled .

aber heute befinden wir uns in einer situation , wo wir menschen lebenswichtige organe entnehmen und sie anderen menschen verpflanzen wollen .
but today , we have a situation where we want to take vital organs out of beings and give them to other beings .
but today , we &apos;re in a situation where we &apos;re going to take people &apos;s vital organs , and they want to plant other people .
but today we &apos;re in a situation where we &apos;re going to take people &apos;s life-important organs , and they want to plant other people .

dass wir unsere visionen von technologie und gestaltung , von unterhaltung und kreativität verbinden müssen mit menschlichkeit , mitleid und gerechtigkeit .
that our visions of technology and design and entertainment and creativity have to be married with visions of humanity , compassion and justice .
that we have our visions of technology and design , of entertainment and entertainment , of creativity , of humanity , of justice and justice .
that we have our visions of technology and design , from entertainment and creativity and creativity with humanity , compassion and justice .

nun aber , weil das nachdenkliche selbst verantwortlich ist , können sie am ende -- einige leute könnten am ende nach kalifornien ziehen .
but now , because the reflective self is in charge , you may end up -- some people may end up moving to california .
but now , because the demand self is responsible , you can end up -- some people could end up going to california .
now , because the afterward itself is responsible , you can end up in the end -- some people could end up moving to california .

ich will aber sagen , dass es für uns natürlich eine entsprechende leistungssteigerung ist , auch gewissen dinge zu erzielen .
but what i want to say is that for us it is of course accordingly an increase in efficiency , to manage to do certain things .
but i want to say that , of course , it &apos;s a compiling increase in the way we think about things .
but i want to tell you that , of course , it &apos;s a devastating increase in the end of creating things .

er ist nur daran interessiert , sich selber freizuhalten vor der notwendigkeit , beweisen zu müssen , dass es vorhersager gibt .
he &apos;s only interested in keeping himself free of the necessity to prove that there are predictors .
he &apos;s just interested in replacing themselves from the need to prove that there &apos;s predictions .
it &apos;s just interested in giving free to prove the need to prove that there &apos;s predictions .

alles , was sie also tun müssen , ist einen blauen und einen grünen miteinander verbinden und sie können ganz schnell größere kreislaufe bauen .
so all you need to do is snap a blue to a green and very quickly you can start making larger circuits .
so all you need to do is connect a blue and connect a green together , and you can build a very , very quickly .
so everything you need to do is connect a blue and a green person together , and you can build very quickly larger circles .

es funktioniert ganz einfach : jedes mal , wenn ich auf die waage springe , schickt sie meine daten auch an google health .
but the thing is that it &apos;s made this simple that whenever i hop on , it sends my data through google health as well .
it just works very simple : every time i jumped on the scale , you send my data to google health leads .
it just works very simple : every time i jumped on the wax , you send my data to google health .

als ich diese geschichte gehört habe veränderte es auch ein bisschen die art , wie ich arbeitete und es hat mich schon einmal gerettet .
so when i heard that story it started to shift a little bit the way that i worked too , and it already saved me once .
when i heard this story , it also changed a little bit about how i worked , and it kind of saved me .
as i heard this story , it also changed a little bit of the way i was working , and it already saved me .

norman mailer sagte kurz vor seinem tod in seinem letzten interview : <unk> jedes meiner bücher hat mich ein bisschen weiter getötet . <unk>
norman mailer , just before he died , last interview , he said &quot; every one of my books has killed me a little more . &quot;
norman mailer said shortly before his death in his last interview : every one of my books killed me a little bit more .
norman mailer said briefly in his last interview : every one of my books has killed me a little bit further .

wir stellen die vergangenheit wieder her , die die menschen nicht begreifen können , weil sich die normwerte verändert haben und sehr niedrig sind .
we recreate the past that people cannot conceive because the baseline has shifted and is extremely low .
we put the past again , which people can &apos;t grasp , because the values have changed and are very low .
we put the past again that people can &apos;t understand because the values have changed and are very low .

wir werden sowohl für männer als auch für frauen ausgerüstet sein -- fest , roll-on , oder einen stick , was auch immer .
we will have them geared for both male or female -- solid , roll-on or stick , whatever it may be .
we &apos;re going to be both for men as well as women , for women -- solid , rolling , rolling , or a stick , whatever .
we &apos;re going to be both for men as well as a women -- darkon , wheelchair , or a stick , whatever .

der künstler des altertums war vor gewissen dingen geschützt , wie , zum beispiel , zu viel narzissmus , richtig ?
so the ancient artist was protected from certain things , like , for example , too much narcissism , right ?
the artist portums was protected in some ways , like , for example , too much narcissm , right ?
the artist of the aging was protected by certain things like , for example , too much narcissm , right ?

jetzt haben wir hier eine konferenz wo die leute über die zukunft sprechen und man stellt fest , dass die zukunft immer noch beim jahr 2000 liegt .
now here &apos;s a conference in which people talk about the future , and you notice that the future is still at about the year 2000 .
now we have a conference here where people are talking about the future , and we realize that the future is still in 2000 .
now we have a conference where people talk about the future , and you realize the future is still in 2000 .

alles in diesem raum war unmöglich – diese bühne , dieser computer , dieses mikrofon , der eyewriter – alles war irgendwann unmöglich .
everything in this room wasn &apos;t possible -- this stage , this computer , this mic , the eyewriter -- wasn &apos;t possible at one point .
everything in this room was impossible -- this stage , this computer , this microphone , the eyeballs -- it was impossible .
everything in this room was impossible -- this stage , this computer , this microphone , the eyedron -- everything was impossible .

dieses ding hat die hat die fähigkeit in der quantenmechanischen superposition zu sein aber es braucht ein ein wenig hilfe um es zu tun .
this device has the ability to be in a quantum superposition , but it needs a little help to do it .
this thing has the ability to be in the quantum mechanical position , but it needs a little help to do it .
this thing has the ability to be in the quantum mechanical position , but it needs a little bit to do it .

ralph , es wurde sehr viel davon berichtet , dass leute vermuten , dass der mossad die hauptorganisation dahinter ist .
ralph , it &apos;s been quite widely reported that people assume that mossad is the main entity behind this .
ralph , it became a lot of reporting that people suspect that the mosquito is behind the main organization .
ralph , it was a lot of reported that people suspect that the mossssquito is the main organization behind .

angeblich gab es eine solch große hungersnot , dass der könig von lydien sich zu einer verrückten idee entschloss .
apparently , there was such a severe famine that the king of lydia decided that they had to do something crazy .
there was such a great famine that the king of lyrics decided to take a crazy idea .
there was such a great famine that the king of poetry decided to be a crazy idea .

er ist lediglich ein alternder sterblicher mit schmerzenden knien . und vielleicht wird er nie wieder zu diesen höhen aufsteigen .
he &apos;s just an aging mortal with really bad knees , and maybe he &apos;s never going to ascend to that height again .
he &apos;s just an aging mortality with painful kings , and maybe he &apos;ll never go back to that altitude .
he &apos;s just an aging mortality with paintings , and maybe he &apos;s never going to go back to this cave .

das nervensystem hat also den evolutionsprozess mithilfe dieser speziellen informationsstrukturen denn die evolution konnte nun innerhalb eines individuums stattfinden .
so that nervous system , the fact that they built these special information structures , because evolution could now happen within an individual .
so the nervous system has the evolutionary process of using this particular kind of computer structures because evolution could now find a individual way to do it .
so the nervous system has the evolutionary process of using this particular information structure , because evolution could now find within one individual .

am nächsten morgen wachte ich auf und wusste nicht mehr , ob ich diesen verrückten antrag nur geträumt oder ihn tatsächlich geschrieben hatte .
and the next morning , i woke up and i thought , now did i dream that crazy motion , or did i actually write it ?
the next morning , i woke up and i didn &apos;t know if i &apos;d written this crazy contract or actually written it .
the next morning i woke up and i didn &apos;t know if i had written this crazy mission , or actually written him .

das besorgen schon andere für dich . tu es nicht dir selbst an , wette nicht gegen sich selbst . sondern nimm risiken auf dich . &quot;
other people will do that for you -- don &apos;t do it to yourself , don &apos;t bet against yourself , and take risks . &quot;
that &apos;s what &apos;s going on for you , it &apos;s not you , it &apos;s not bet , it &apos;s not for yourself , it &apos;s not for yourself . it &apos;s take risks to you . &quot;
you know , the other thing for you . don &apos;t do it yourself , don &apos;t fight yourself . but take risks on you . &quot;

und nach dem terrorismus kamen natürlich die rassentrennung und jahrzehnte der rassistisch motivierten unterwerfung und apartheid .
and that era of terrorism , of course , was followed by segregation and decades of racial subordination and apartheid .
and after the terrorism , of course , the race race would come , and the ratio of the side-by-sighted and apartheid .
and after the terrorism , of course , the ratio and decades of the ratio motivated and apartheid .

und ab heute möchten wir dies nicht nur als aed4u , wie das produkt sich nennt , sondern auch als aed4us einführen .
and as of today , we would like to introduce this , not only as aed4eu , which is what the product is called , but also aed4us .
and today , we don &apos;t want to do this as just aedu , as the product is called &quot; the product , &quot; but &quot; as well as an eight-legislation . &quot;
and today , we don &apos;t want to do this as an aviu , as the product is called the product , but also as an avatus 44th .

die frage die ich euch nun stellen möchte ist , wenn man sich diese exponentiellen kurven anschaut , sieht man , sie gehen nicht für immer weiter .
now the question that i &apos;d like to ask is , if you look at these exponential curves , they don &apos;t go on forever .
now , the question i want to ask you is , if you look at this exponential curve , you see , you don &apos;t go on forever .
so the question i want to ask you now is if you look at this exponential curve , you don &apos;t see them on .

es wäre ein furchtbares modell für einen teilchenphysiker , weil sie nicht mit bodenschwellen spielen , sondern mit diesen kleinen seltsamen teilchen .
it &apos;d be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they don &apos;t play with car stops , they play with these little weird particles .
it would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they &apos;re not playing with soil , but with these little weird particles .
it would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they don &apos;t play with boxes , but with these little strange particles .

es ist eine metapher , die immer wieder verwendet wird , und jedes mal macht es das gesamtbild größer als die summe der datenteile .
it &apos;s one metaphor repurposed multiple times , and in each case it makes the whole greater than the sum of the parts with the data .
it &apos;s a metaphor that &apos;s used over and over again , and every time it makes the entire image bigger than the sum of the date .
it &apos;s a metaphor that &apos;s used again , and every time it makes it bigger than the sum of the database .

hin und wieder fällt ein brief für mich runter -- und das ipad weiß durch gps wo ich wohne -- der ist richtig an mich addressiert .
at various points , a little letter drops down to me -- and the ipad knows where you live because of gps -- which is actually addressed to me .
and then again , a letter falls down to me -- and the ipad knows where i live -- that &apos;s right about me .
and again , again , a letter goes down to me -- and the ipad knows by gps gps , where i live -- that &apos;s right at me .

wir haben mittlerweile über zehn millionen förderprojekte bekommen , auch um &apos; ne zehn-megawatt-batterie jetzt ans deutsche netz zu klemmen .
we &apos;ve been given over ten million funded projects , also to attach a ten-megawatt battery to the german network .
we have now over a decade of millions of projects , to climb a 10-mile megame battery to now climb onto the web .
we &apos;ve now gotten over 10 million projects , also to climb the 10-megawatt-like batch battleans right now .

und nichts davon hat irgendeine wirklich pharmazeutische eigenschaft . es ist nur unser glaube daran , der in uns eine stärkere wirkung erzielt .
and none of it has any real pharmaceutical quality , it &apos;s only your belief that makes it real in your body and makes a stronger effect .
and none of it has a really pharmaceutical property , and it &apos;s just our faith in which we have a stronger effect .
and nothing has a really pharmaceutical property , and it &apos;s just our belief in which we have a stronger effect .

von sokrates ist bekannt , dass er daran glaubte , er hätte einen dämon , der ihm weisheiten aus weiter ferne mitteilte .
socrates , famously , believed that he had a daemon who spoke wisdom to him from afar .
from socrates , he &apos;s known that he would have believed that he would have shared a sanitation that he would share him from even further distance .
by sokrype , he believed that he would have been a gene that gave him white sheiffs out of television .

eines tages trat sie aus versehen auf ein armband maos und für diese übertretung musste sie für sieben jahre in ein schweres arbeitslager .
one day she inadvertently stepped on an armband of mao , and for that transgression , she was given seven years of hard labor .
and one day they came out of sight and they had to look at a tape tape , and they had to overtake them for seven years , and it had to be a heavy camp .
and one day she came out of a bloodline , and she had to have to get them over seven years to work in a heavy camp .

und wir haben drei milliarden neue köpfe , mit denen wir online arbeiten können um die neuen herausforderungen zu meistern , und um das zu tun , was nötig ist .
and we have three billion new minds coming online to work with us to solve the grand challenges , to do that which we must do .
and we have three billion new heads that we can work with online to maximize the new challenges , and to do what &apos;s necessary .
and we have three billion new heads that we can work online to make the new challenges , and to do what it is necessary .

aber weil diesem individuum die rezeptoren fehlen , um das testosteron zu erkennen , reagiert der körper nicht auf das testosteron .
but because this individual lacks receptors to hear that testosterone , the body doesn &apos;t react to the testosterone .
but because that individual receptors to recognize the receptors to recognize the testosterone , the body does not respond to the testosterone .
but because this individual is missing the receptor to see the testosterone , the body doesn &apos;t respond to the testosterone .

und ich durchlebte diese achterbahn , weil sie nach der stabilisation auf die intensivstation kam und ich hoffte , dass sie sich erholen würde .
and i went through this roller coaster , because after they stabilized her , she went to the intensive care unit , and i hoped against hope that she would recover .
and i went through this trajectory , because she came to the beach on the intensive care station , and i hoped she would get caught up .
and i lived through that aching , because she came to the stages of the intensive station , and i hoped that she was going to go .

sie können alles mit anmerkungen versehen , ihren freunden schicken , und so eine unterhaltung beginnen darüber , was sie fühlen , wenn sie diese meisterwerke betrachten .
you can annotate the stuff , send it to your friends and really get a conversation going about what you &apos;re feeling when you go through these masterpieces .
you can see everything with the features , your friends , and that &apos;s a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces .
you can see everything with features , send your friends , and so a entertainment about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces .

wir fanden eins für sie , wir brachten sie hin , und wir kümmerten uns um sie , und wir gaben auf ihre familie acht , weil es nötig war ,
we found her one , we got her there , and we took care of her and watched over her family , because it was necessary .
we found one for them , we brought them , and we took them to see them , and we gave them to their family , because it was necessary .
we found one for them , we brought them down , and we kissed them around them , and we gave them on their family eight , because it was necessary .

oh ja , sie gehen zu einer cocktail party und da mag man über irgendeinen anderen doktor hören , aber man wird nicht jemanden über die eigenen fehler reden hören .
oh yeah , you go to a cocktail party and you might hear about some other doctor , but you &apos;re not going to hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
oh yeah , you go to a cocktail party , and you might hear about any other doctor , but you won &apos;t hear someone talking about your own mistakes .
oh yeah , you go to a cocktail party and you like to hear about any other doctor , but you &apos;re not going to hear somebody about your own mistakes .

wenn wir es mit einer schriftgröße von 10 und ohne abstände ausdrucken würden würde es 142 seiten umfassen , nur um diesen genetischen code auszudrucken .
if we printed it out at a 10 font with no spacing , it takes 142 pages just to print this genetic code .
if we printed it with a size of 10 and without conditions , it would take 142 pages to just print this genetic code .
if we printed it with a writability of 10 and without any circumstances , it would summarize 142 pages just to print this genetic code .

und übrigens , wenn sie was tun wollen daraus , schreiben sie sich auf , in deutschland am besten geeignet von allen kläranlagen ist die in frankfurt .
and by the way , if you want to get active , write this down , in germany the most suitable purification plant is the one in frankfurt .
and by the way , if you want to do what you want to do , you &apos;re writing on germany , in germany , the best enlightenment is in france .
and by the way , if you want to do what you want to do , write yourself in germany , in germany , in the best country , is the enlightenment in france .

und eine art digitaler leuchtturm in der nacht – aber als allerwichtigstes , eine neue art der erfahrung für alle , die an die spitze gehen wollen .
and a kind of new digital beacon for the night -- but most importantly , a new type of experience for anybody who will go to the top .
and a sort of digital light bulb in the night -- but as a very important , a new kind of experience for everybody who wants to go to the top .
and a kind of digital noise in the night -- but as the most important , a new kind of experience for everyone who want to go to the top .

aber dann wurde er älter und ruhiger . er erzählte mir , dass er eines tages auf einer schnellstraße in los angeles fuhr . und da änderte sich alles für ihn .
but then he got older , he got calmer , and one day he was driving down the freeway in los angeles he told me , and this is when it all changed for him .
but then he got older and more quiet , and he told me that he was walking one day on a fastest street in los angeles , and there was all changed there for him .
but then he was older and quiet . he told me that one day he went to a fake street in los angeles , and there was everything to him .

jetzt werden sie sich fragen , warum fangen die ganzen gestalter an sich mit so natürlichen , archaischen urformen der kommunikation , interaktion usw und so weiter zu beschäftigen .
now you &apos;ll be asking yourself why all these designers are starting to concern themselves with such natural , archaic prototypes of communication , interaction , etc .
now you &apos;re going to ask yourself why the whole age of ages are going to work with so natural , archaic forms of communication , interaction and so on .
now you &apos;re going to ask yourself why the whole age of age is so natural , archaesthetic forms of communication , interaction and so on .

und wie sie sehen können , ist das ein sehr inselreiches gebiet und man musste da irgendwie navigieren , von insel zu insel kommen , um sich nahrung zu beschaffen .
and as you can see , this is an area that is full of islands and so the people had to somehow navigate through there , from island to island , to find food .
and as you can see , this is a very inspiring area , and you had to kind of navigate , from island to food to monkeys .
and as you can see , this is a very inspiring area , and you had to kind of navigate , from island to island to eat food .

da gibt es einen gelehrten , der heißt wolf singer , und von ihm sagt man manchmal , wolf singer behauptet , es gibt keine willensfreiheit .
there &apos;s a scholar there , his name is wolf singer , and sometimes people say , wolf singer claims , there is no free will .
there &apos;s a scholarship called the wolf singer , and he says , sometimes he says clouds , there &apos;s no freedom .
there &apos;s a scholar that is called wolf singer , and he says , sometimes , wolf , he says there &apos;s no willingness .

das unglaubliche für mich ist , dass die projekte von denen ich das meiste feedback bekam oder wo ich den größten erfolg hatte , jene sind , wo ich mit dingen direkt interagierte .
what &apos;s incredible for me is the projects that i &apos;ve gotten the most feedback out of , or i &apos;ve had the most success in , are ones where i &apos;ve interacted with things directly .
the incredible thing for me is that the projects that i got most feedback , or where i had the greatest success , are those where i interact with things .
the incredible thing to me is that the projects that i got most of the feedback , or where i had the biggest success , is where i was interacting with things .

wenn deine arbeit brilliant war konntest du nicht alles ansehen für dich verbuchen . jeder wusste , dass du dieses körperlose genie hattest , das dir geholfen hat .
if your work was brilliant you couldn &apos;t take all the credit for it , everybody knew that you had this disembodied genius who had helped you .
when your work was brilliant , you didn &apos;t look at everything for you , everybody knew that you had this physical genius test that you had helped you .
if your work was brilliant , you didn &apos;t look at everything for you . everybody knew you had this physical genius .

ich liebe es , zu jeder gelegenheit ein anderes farbenfrohes , verrücktes outfit zu finden , zu tragen , und in letzter zeit auch zu fotografieren und zu bloggen .
i love finding , wearing , and more recently , photographing and blogging a different , colorful , crazy outfit for every single occasion .
i love to find any opportunity to find a different colorful , crazy output , to wear , and to photograph in the last time , to photograph and to blogger .
i love to be able to find a different kind of colorful , crazy , crazy output , photographing , photographing at the end of time and blogging and blogging .

nun , ich telefonierte mit ein paar leuten in der firma . niemand konnte mir eine ordentliche antwort geben . bis ich endlich mit dem leitenden biologen telefonierte .
well , i got on the phone with a few people in the company ; no one could give me a straight answer until finally , i got on the phone with the head biologist .
now , i dated with a few people in the company , and nobody could give me an extraordinary answer , until i finally got to the quiet biologists .
well , i did a couple of people in the company , and no one could give me a disappointed answer , until i finally ended up with the quiet biologists .

also das sind nur ein paar der clips , die ich über die letzten sechs monate gesammelt habe – es hätten aber auch die letzten sechs tage sein können . oder die letzten sechs jahre .
so those are just a few of the clips i collected over the last six months -- could have easily been the last six days or the last six years .
so these are just some of the clips that i &apos;ve collected over the last six months -- but also the last six days , or the last six years .
so this is just a few of the clips i &apos;ve collected over the last six months -- but it could be the last six days , or the last six years .

ich bekam ich einen strafzettel , weil ich nicht auf dem radweg gefahren bin , aber oft gibt es behinderungen die einen nicht anständig auf dem radweg fahren lassen .
so i got a ticket for not riding in the bike lane , but often there are obstructions that keep you from properly riding in the bike lane .
i got a punch line , because i &apos;m not on my way away , but there &apos;s a lot of disabilities that don &apos;t let go on the bike .
i got a punctuator because i &apos;m not on the bike , but often there &apos;s no disabilities that don &apos;t drive on the bike .

wir untersuchen ob wir gespeichertes co2 verwenden können , welches einfach zu produktionsplätzen gebracht werden könnte , konvertieren das co2 in treibstoff , um diesen prozess anzutreiben .
we &apos;re looking to see if we can take captured co2 , which can easily be piped to sites , convert that co2 back into fuel to drive this process .
we &apos;re going to see if we can use storage co2 , which is simply brought to productivity , converting co2 into the fuel process to drive this process .
we &apos;re looking at whether we can use suitable co2 co2 that could just be produced to productivity , concrete co2 into carbon dioxide to do this process .

und ich war verwirrt , denn ich dachte , das ganze konzept , die idee von werbung sei , dein produkt so vielen menschen wie möglich zu präsentieren , es so viele menschen wie möglich sehen lassen .
and i was blown away , because i thought the whole concept , the idea of advertising , was to get your product out in front of as many people as possible , to get as many people to see it as possible .
and i was confused because i thought the whole idea of advertising was to present your product as many people as possible to see so many people as possible .
and i was confused , because i thought the whole concept of advertising was the idea of advertising your product as many people as possible to see it as many people as possible .

und übrigens , wir wandern und zirkulieren und vermischen uns so viel , dass sie nicht länger sagen können , dass isolation notwendig ist , für die evolution , um stattzufinden .
and by the way , we immigrate and circulate and intermix so much that you can &apos;t any longer have the isolation that is necessary for evolution to take place .
and by the way , we migrate and circular , and we have so much that you can &apos;t say you can &apos;t say that isolation is necessary for evolution to find a statement .
and by the way , we &apos;re moving and circulating and remixing us so much that they can &apos;t say that isolation is necessary for evolution to find the evolution .

und die frauen kam mit ihren geschichten über männer , die die veränderung nicht ertrugen , wütend und unflexibel , und sorgenerfüllte kinder , gefangen zwischen zwei welten .
and the women came with their stories about men who could not make the transition , angry and inflexible , and troubled children caught between two worlds .
and the women came with their stories about men who didn &apos;t make change , angry and flexible and generous , generated kids , caught between two worlds .
and the women came with their stories about men who didn &apos;t make change , angry and flexible , and generated children , between two worlds .

die mitfahrer für unbewegliche objekte sind nicht nur menschen , sondern auch das licht , das auf sie scheint und der wind , der an ihnen vorbei fegt und die hitze des raums .
the fellow passengers for inanimate objects are not just people , but it &apos;s also the light shining on it and the wind blowing past it and the heat of the room .
the drivers for disparate objects are not just people , but also the light that it seems to them and the wind that gets them to be over and heat the heat of the room .
the driver &apos;s drivers are not just humans , but also the light that seems to be on them and the wind that goes over to them and the heat of the space .

das heißt , wenn wir anschauen , dass wir existierende handlungsmodelle von einem auf etwas anderes übertragen können , zum beispiel die metapher , dann kann ich mir das zunutze machen als gestalter .
it means that when we can see that we can transfer existing performance models onto something else , for example the metaphor , then i can make use of that as a designer .
that means , if we look at that , we can translate models of something else to transmit , for example , the metaphor , i can do that as a result .
that means that if we look at existing models of something else , for example , the metaphor , i can make this tonight as an age .

und daher , meine primatenkameraden , lassen sie uns dieses geschenk der evolution umarmen und gemeinsam spielen , während wir die kreativität die kameradschaft und das staunen wiederentdecken .
and so , my fellow primates , let us embrace this gift from evolution and play together , as we rediscover creativity , fellowship and wonder .
and therefore , my primates , my primates , let &apos;s take the gift of this gift of evolution and play together as we learn the creativity and rediscover the stainless .
and so , my primate creature , let &apos;s play this gift of evolution and play in the poor , while we &apos;re discovering creativity and rediscover the stake .

und wir versuchen einfach klarzumachen , dass man die kapazitäten , die must-run kapazitäten , abbauen kann , indem man auch elektrochemische speicher ins netz bringt .
and we &apos;re just trying to demonstrate that we can decrease the capacities , the must-run capacities , by putting electrochemical reservoirs in the network too .
and we &apos;re just trying to make sure that you can build the capacity , which can build the pattern capacity by decreasing electrochemical stores .
and we &apos;re just trying to make sure that you can build the capacity , the mutitudes , the mutitudes , you can build electrochemical stores , by bringing electrochemical stores into the net .

das schöne ist an dem thema , dass man auf dieser insel im grunde genommen heute alles das vorwegnehmen kann an problemen , das wir bekommen werden , wenn wir unseren anteil von erneuerbaren erhöhen wollen .
the nice thing about this topic is that on this island , you can basically anticipate all the problems we will have if we want to increase our share of renewable energies .
the nice thing about the topic is that you can basically take all the things that are going on today , and that &apos;s what we &apos;re going to get when we want to raise our percentage of renewables .
the beautiful thing is that , in this island , you can basically take everything that can take away from problems that we &apos;re going to get when we &apos;re going to increase our percentage of renewables .

wenn wir uns dann nochmal in den bereich der software begeben , hier so die ersten command line interfaces , die sehr abstrakt waren , wo man monate gebraucht hat , um mit diesen systemen umzugehen .
if we go back to the area of software , here you see the first command line interfaces , which were very abstract , and it took months to understand how to handle these systems .
if we put it back into the realm of software , here &apos;s the first and interfaces that were very abstract , where you used to deal with these systems .
so if we give us back to the software , here &apos;s how the first line and wires that were very abstract where you need months to deal with these systems .

der us-amerikanische geheimdienst fror vor zwei monaten das schweizer konto von herrn sam jain hier ein , und auf diesem konto waren 14,9 millionen us-dollar , als es eingefroren wurde .
the u.s. secret service , two months ago , froze the swiss bank account of mr. sam jain right here , and that bank account had 14.9 million u.s. dollars on it when it was frozen .
the u.s. intelligence agency , two months ago , is the swiss bank account of mr. jagin here , and on that account for 14.9 million dollars , when it was frozen .
the u.s. intelligence agency , two months ago , the swiss of swisto jail in here , and on this congress was 14.9 million u.s. dollars when it was frozen .

wir wissen alle , dass die interaktiven medien per definition nonlinear sind , was die verneinung der linearität beinhaltet , und was uns natürlich sagt , dass wir die linearität heute als normal empfinden .
we all know that interactive media is , by definition , non-linear , which involves the negation of linearity , and which of course tells us that we consider linearity normal today .
we all know that the interactive media definition are nonlinear , which includes the linearity of linearity , and of course tells us that we feel linearity today .
we all know that the interactive media definition are nonlinear , which involves the reasoning of linearity , and what we &apos;re saying is that we &apos;re finding the linear linear today .

heutzutage , können wir zum ersten mal – und die kampagne obamas hat das gezeigt – können wir von der digitalen welt , von den sich selbstorganisierenden kräften der netzwerke zu der physikalischen welt wechseln .
now today , for the first time -- and the obama campaign showed us this -- we can go from the digital world , from the self-organizing power of networks , to the physical one .
nowadays , for the first time , and the campaign has shown amas -- we can move from the digital world , from the self-organizing forces of the forces of the physical networks of the physical world .
today , we can look for the first time -- and the campaign of amas has shown this -- we can change from the digital world , from the self-organizing forces of the physical world .

dann nehme ich den selben patienten mit brustschmerz , mache ihn verschwitzt und geschwätzig und gebe noch einen leicht alkoholisierten atem dazu und plötzlich ist die geschichte durchsetzt mit verachtung .
now take the same patient with chest pain , make them moist and garrulous and put a little bit of alcohol on their breath , and suddenly my history is laced with contempt .
then i take the same patient with the pain , make it sweat , get it out and give it a light alcoholic hostile , and suddenly the story is replaced with aviation .
and then i take the same patient with breast cancer , make it sweet and you sweet it , and you get another alcohol , and suddenly the story is replaced with aviation .

vor einigen wochen haben wir littlebits zu risd gebracht und gaben sie einigen designern , die keinerlei technische erfahrung hatten - nur karton , holz und papier - und sagten ihnen : &quot; macht was . &quot;
a few weeks ago we took littlebits to risd and gave them to some designers with no experience in engineering whatsoever -- just cardboard , wood and paper -- and told them &quot; make something . &quot;
a few weeks ago , we brought little-shaded claims , and we gave them some designers who had no technical experience -- just karton , wood and paper -- and told them , &quot; what &apos;s going on . &quot;
a few weeks ago , we brought litting-edge and gave them a few designers that had no technical experience -- only carditon and paper and paper -- and they said , &quot; what &apos;s going on . &quot;

sehen sie , als ich ein kind war und mein vater mich beim lügen erwischte -- und da sitzt er und schaut mich mit diesem blick an -- würde er sagen , &quot; mein sohn , es gibt bei jeder geschichte drei versionen .
see , when i was a kid and my father would catch me in some sort of a lie -- and there he is giving me the look he often gave me -- he would say , &quot; son , there &apos;s three sides to every story .
see , when i was a kid , and my dad was lying in the litter -- and he &apos;s sitting there looking at me with this view -- he would say , &quot; my son , there &apos;s three versions in each of the world .
see , when i was a kid , and my father was sleeping at me -- and he &apos;s looking at me and he would look at me with this view -- he said , &quot; my son , there &apos;s three versions in every three versions .

ich bin wieder einen tag älter geworden , die jahreszeiten wechseln , mein puls geht abends langsamer als am morgen , in einem konzertsaal dauert es länger , dass der schall wieder zurückkommt als zu hause .
i &apos;m a day older , the seasons change , my pulse is slower in the evening than it is in the morning , in a concert hall it takes longer for the reverberation to return than it does at home .
i &apos;ve become a day , the season , the season , my wage goes down at the morning , when it takes a certificates to the hall coming back at home .
i &apos;ve become a day older , the seasons of time , my pulse goes down at the morning , at the morning , in a concrete room , it takes longer to come back home .

das einzige , was wir wussten ist sehr , sehr kompliziert , was den windows- teil angeht , den dropper- teil , er machte von unzähligen zero- day- schwachstellen gebrauch .
the only thing that was known is it &apos;s very , very complex on the windows part , the dropper part , used multiple zero-day vulnerabilities .
the only thing we knew is very complicated , what the windowsman -- goes to the drugs , the drugs -- it made -- it made by huntapped toothpaste -- shaky use .
the only thing that we knew is very , very complicated , which goes to the winds -- is the drugs , the drugs -- the parachute , he made of uncountryside .

wenn wir es aber schaffen , den menschlichen geist dabei zu unterstützen , weiterhin zu hoffen , sich selbst und andere menschen um sich herum schön zu finden , neugierig und phantasievoll zu sein dann setzen wir unsere kräfte wirklich positiv ein .
if instead , we can bolster a human spirit to keep hope , to see beauty in themselves and others , to be curious and imaginative , then we are truly using our power well .
but if we can do it , to support the human mind , to continue to hope , and to find other people around themselves to find beautiful , curious , curious , staggering , then we can actually put our forces into a positive place .
but if we create it , to support the human mind , to hope , to hope themselves and other people to find beautiful , curiosity and antarctic , then we really make our forces really positive .

was aber dann , fast immer , passiert ist , dass das &quot; ta-da &quot; zu einem &quot; uh-oh &quot; wird , weil das gewicht des marshmallows bewirkt , dass die ganze sache sich verbiegt und einstürzt .
but what really happens , most of the time , is that the &quot; ta-da &quot; turns into an &quot; uh-oh , &quot; because the weight of the marshmallow causes the entire structure to buckle and to collapse .
but then , almost always , what happens is that the &quot; pocket &quot; will be a uh-uh-oh , &quot; because the weight of the marshmallow works that the whole thing will fall down and fall apart .
but then , almost always , what happens is that the &quot; ta-da &quot; is going to be a &quot; oh , &quot; because the weight of the marshmallow doesn &apos;t affect the whole thing and recommended .

und in diesem ordner befanden sich notizen einer in deutschland ansässigen firma , die der ägyptischen regierung ein paar programme verkauft hatten , mit denen sie – in sehr großem rahmen – jegliche kommunikation der ägyptischen bürger abfangen konnten .
and within that binder were notes from a company based in germany which had sold the egyptian government a set of tools for intercepting -- and in very large scale -- all the communication of the citizens of the country .
and in this extraordinary note , notes in a germany company , the egyptian government , who had sold a few programs that they had -- in a very large-scale framework of egyptian citizens .
and in this legacy , noticists found themselves in a germany in germany , the egyptian government had a few programs that they were selling -- in very generous -- communications of egyptian .

dann geht &apos; s wieder nach vorne , weil das hinten traut dem vorne nicht und sagt , jetzt gucke doch wirklich nochmal bitte nach und sicher dich ab , ob das , was du siehst , auch das ist , was du sehen möchtest .
then it goes back to the front , because the back doesn &apos;t trust the front and says , now take another look and make sure that what you see is also what you want to see .
and then it goes back to the front , because the back on the front doesn &apos;t tell the front , and now , look , look , please look at it , and let &apos;s see if that &apos;s what you see , that &apos;s what you want to see .
and then it goes back to the front , because it doesn &apos;t look at the back , and it doesn &apos;t really tell you , and now you &apos;re really going to go back and see if that &apos;s what you &apos;re looking at , that &apos;s what you see .

aber weil das nicht hier passiert ist , können wir es verdrängen , und leute wie jenny mccarthy können herumlaufen und botschaften von angst und analphabetismus von plattformen wie oprah und larry king live predigen .
but since it didn &apos;t happen here , we can put it out of our minds , and people like jenny mccarthy can go around preaching messages of fear and illiteracy from platforms like &quot; oprah &quot; and &quot; larry king live . &quot;
but because that &apos;s not what &apos;s happening here , we can push it , and people like jenny mccarthy can walk around and make fear of illiteracy and illiteracy platforms like raw and larry live .
but because that &apos;s not happening here , we can push it down , and people like ny mcny mccarthy can walk around and fear of fear and illiteracy of platemitism forms like oprah and larry .

also , das problem der kooperations-online-welten wie world of warcraft ist , dass es so befriedigend ist , jederzeit am rande eines epischen sieges zu stehen , dass wir lieber unsere ganze zeit in diesen spielwelten verbringen .
now , the problem with collaborative online environments like world of warcraft is that it &apos;s so satisfying to be on the verge of an epic win all the time that we decide to spend all our time in these game worlds .
so , the problem of cooperative online worlds like the world &apos;s warning is that it &apos;s so satisfying , at the time , at the very edge of a episode , that we would rather spend our whole time in these worlds .
so , the problem of cooperative online worlds like world warning , is that it &apos;s so satisfying , jealty at the edge of an episode that we rather spend our whole time in these worlds .

es gibt hier also große preisherausforderungen . es gibt herausforderungen bei der übertragung . wenn wir beispielsweise sagen , dass die energiequelle außerhalb des landes liegt , brauchen sie nicht nur die technologie , sie müssen auch mit dem risiko umgehen , dass die energie von wo anders herkommt .
so , we &apos;ve got big cost challenges here , we have transmission challenges : for example , say this energy source is outside your country ; you not only need the technology , but you have to deal with the risk of the energy coming from elsewhere .
so there &apos;s a big challenges here . there are challenges in surveillance . if we say , for example , the energy source of the country is outside the country , it &apos;s not just the technology you need to deal with the risk of where the energy comes from .
so there &apos;s great prices here . there are challenges in transmission . if we say , for example , the energy source is outside the country , they don &apos;t just need the technology , they also have to deal with the risk of energy .

er brachte 400.000 seiner leute um , weil er darauf bestand , dass rote beete , knoblauch und zitronenöl viel effektiver als antiretrovirale medikamente sind , von denen wir wissen , dass sie den verlauf von aids bremsen können .
he killed 400,000 of his people by insisting that beetroot , garlic and lemon oil were much more effective than the antiretroviral drugs we know can slow the course of aids .
he brought 400,000 people to this , because he insisted that red beekeepers and lemon has much more effective than antiretroviral drugs , we know that they can be lost on aids .
he took 400,000 of his people , because he was on the fact that red beef , bloody and blocks are much more effective than antiretroviral drugs that we know that they can break on aids .

nun haben wir » drei-verstöße « -gesetze , die menschen für immer hinter gitter bringen , für einen fahrraddiebstahl , für den diebstahl geringfügigen gutes , statt dass man sie zwingt , die sachen den opfern zurückzugeben .
and so we have three strikes laws that put people in prison forever for stealing a bicycle , for low-level property crimes , rather than making them give those resources back to the people who they victimized .
now we have &quot; three-wheeled laws &quot; -- the laws that bring people to behind bars , for a bike lanes , for the canopy , for the lobbian feet , rather than adding them to the sacrifices .
now , we have &quot; tripling laws , &quot; the people that are always going to be able to get a bike for a bike bike theft , for the theft of the theft , rather than you &apos;re forced to give them the victims .

sie wussten , dass jedes jahr ungefähr 75.000 honduraner ihr land verlassen , um in die vereinigten staaten auszuwandern , und sie wollten wissen , was sie tun könnten , um sicher zu stellen , dass diese menschen in ihrem land bleiben können und genau das selbe in honduras tun können .
they knew that about 75,000 hondurans every year would leave to go to the united states , and they wanted to ask , what could they do to make sure that those people could stay and do the same things in honduras .
they knew that every year , about 75,000 hondurans left their land to go out into the united states , and they wanted to know what they could do to make sure that people stay in their country and the same honduras can do in honduras .
they knew that every year , about 75,000 hondurans left their country to go to the united states , and they wanted to know what they could do to make sure that these people can stay in their country and do exactly the same .

aber ich erinnere mich an die lichter der ölplattform vor der malaysischen küste , und an den jungen mann , der zusammenbrach und starb , das ende der reise war zu viel für ihn , und an den geschmack des ersten apfels , den mir einer der männer auf der plattform gab .
but i do remember the lights on the oil rig off the malaysian coast and the young man who collapsed and died , the journey &apos;s end too much for him , and the first apple i tasted , given to me by the men on the rig .
but i remember the lights in front of the oil platform before the malayan coast , and at the young man who died , and the end of the journey was much too much for him , and the flavor of the first app that gave me one of the guys on the platform .
but i remember the lights of the oil platform before malayas , and at the young man who broke together , and the end of the journey was too much for him , and the flavor of the first app of the man who gave me one of the men on the platform .

er fuhr mit hoher geschwindigkeit als er plötzlich ein kleines fragment einer melodie hört , die , wie es bei inspirationen oft ist , für ihn quälend schwer greifbar ist . und er will sie haben . sie ist prachtvoll . er lechzt danach , aber er kann sie nicht fassen .
and he &apos;s speeding along , and all of a sudden he hears this little fragment of melody , that comes into his head as inspiration often comes , elusive and tantalizing , and he wants it , you know , it &apos;s gorgeous , and he longs for it , but he has no way to get it .
he was driving down at high speeds when he was a little fragment of a line that sounds like inspiration , often for him , is hard for him , and he wants to have them , and he &apos;s praying . he &apos;s full of him , but he can &apos;t grasp them .
he went down with high speed as a little fragment of a piece of melody that sounds like it &apos;s often very difficult for him , and he wants it . and he wants it . he &apos;s full . he can &apos;t touch it , but he can &apos;t touch it .

was man also bekam , war folgendes : ihr name hier präsentiert : mein tedtalk , von dem sie keine ahnung haben , was das thema sein wird , und der ihnen je nach inhalt schlussendlich um die ohren fliegen könnte , besonders , wenn ich ihre firma für ihre beteiligung dumm dastehen ließe .
so what you were getting was this : your name here presents : my ted talk that you have no idea what the subject is and , depending on the content , could ultimately blow up in your face , especially if i make you or your company look stupid for doing it .
so what you got was , you know , this is your name here : my tedtalk , by which you don &apos;t have any idea what the theme will be , and the supreme of the content that could fly around the ears , especially if i could get your company to participation .
so what you got was , you know , this was the name here : my tedtalk , from which you don &apos;t have any idea of what the subject will be , and the chances of the content that you could fly down to the ear , especially if i &apos;m working for your dumb .

und problem , das ist nicht nur ein technisches problem , es kann auch ein gesellschaftliches problem sein , es kann auch einfach ein zugangsproblem sein , was wie dinge vereinfachen , also eine beliebige problemstellung , eine frage aufzuwerfen , und wie kann man das anders oder wie kann man das besser machen .
and a problem , so not only a technical problem , it can also be a social problem , it can also just be an access problem that simplifying things , so any way of looking at a problem , of posing a question , asking how you could do something differently or better .
and the problem is that it &apos;s not just a technical problem , it can also be a social problem , it can be a simple problem , but it can be a simple thing , like a simple bible problem , a problem , and how can you make it better or how much better you can do it .
and the problem , that &apos;s not just a technical problem , it can be a social problem , it can also be a simple problem , but it can be a very simple problem , like things like simple , so a simple problem , a problem of trying to throw a question , and how to do that or how to do it better .

es gibt 175 dressings in meinem supermarkt , wenn sie die 10 verschiedenen extra olivenöle nicht mitzählen und 12 balsamico-essig die sie kaufen könnten um eine große anzahl an eigenen salat dessings herzustellen , in dem unwahrscheinlichen fall , dass keine der 175 in dem laden für sie richtig ist .
175 salad dressings in my supermarket , if you don &apos;t count the 10 extra-virgin olive oils and 12 balsamic vinegars you could buy to make a very large number of your own salad dressings , in the off-chance that none of the 175 the store has on offer suit you .
in my supermarket , there &apos;s 175 dressings in my supermarket , if you don &apos;t buy the 10 different extra oil , and if you don &apos;t buy 12 peace , you could buy a huge amount of salt with a large number of dessert , where you don &apos;t have the case that the 175 store is right for you right now .
there are 175 address in my supermarket in my supermarket , if you don &apos;t count the 10 different extra vents , and 12 balanic balances that you could buy a large number of your own sales , in the probability that the 175 is not in the 175 .

bg : nun wir haben uns noch nicht auf einen ort festgelegt und es gibt eine menge interessanter offenlegungsregeln für alles das &quot; nuklear &quot; im namen trägt . es gibt großes interesse und die menschen des unternehmens waren in russland , indien , china ... ich war hier und habe den energieminister getroffen und darüber gesprochen , wie dies zur energieagenda passt .
bg : well , we haven &apos;t picked a particular place , and there &apos;s all these interesting disclosure rules about anything that &apos;s called &quot; nuclear , &quot; so we &apos;ve got a lot of interest , that people from the company have been in russia , india , china -- i &apos;ve been back seeing the secretary of energy here , talking about how this fits into the energy agenda .
bg : well , we haven &apos;t set up to a place , and there &apos;s a lot of interesting rules for everything called the nuclei , and there &apos;s been a big interest in the name , and people of the company in russia , india , china , and i &apos;ve been here , and i &apos;ve talked about it , and i &apos;ve talked about it , and talked about how it fits energy .
bg : well , we haven &apos;t put us on a place , and there &apos;s a lot of interesting openness for everything called &quot; nuclear &quot; -- there &apos;s big interest in the name , and there &apos;s great interest in entrepreneurship in russia , india , china , and i &apos;ve met the energy source of energy and talked about it .

wenn ich in einen raum voll mit kollegen ginge und um ihre sofortige unterstützung bitten würde und anfinge ihnen zu erzählen , was ich ihnen gerade erzählt habe , würde ich sehr wahrscheinlich nicht das ende der zweiten geschichte erreichen , bevor es ihnen wirklich unangenehm würde , irgend jemand würde einen witz einflechten , sie würden das thema wechseln und den rest vergessen .
if i were to walk into a room filled with my colleages and ask for their support right now and start to tell what i &apos;ve just told you right now , i probably wouldn &apos;t get through two of those stories before they would start to get really uncomfortable , somebody would crack a joke , they &apos;d change the subject and we would move on .
if i were to go into a room full of colleagues and ask them to ask their immediate support , and tell them what i just told you , i probably wouldn &apos;t have the end of the second story before it would really be uncomfortable with them , someone would have a joke , and you would forgotten the rest of it .
if i had a room in a room full of colleagues , and to ask her socially support , and tell them what i just told you about , i would probably not be able to achieve the second story before the second story was really unpleasant , somebody would forget to change the rest of them and change the rest of the rest .

wirklich , einige glückliche personen und firmen , for-profit und non-profit , erhielten die einmalige gelegenheit -- denn ich bin mir sicher , dass chris anderson das nie wieder zulassen wird -- die namensrechte an dem talk zu kaufen , den sie gerade sehen , der zu dem zeitpunkt weder einen titel hatte noch viel inhalt und nicht viele hinweise darauf gab , was das thema eigentlich sein würde .
that &apos;s right , some lucky individual , corporation , for-profit or non-profit , was going to get the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity -- because i &apos;m sure chris anderson will never let it happen again -- to buy the naming rights to the talk you &apos;re watching right now , that at the time didn &apos;t have a title , didn &apos;t really have a lot of content and didn &apos;t really give much hint as to what the subject matter would actually be .
i &apos;m really sure some people , some fortunate people and companies , companies and profit , have profits , have the chance -- because i &apos;m sure that chris never let me leave the chris anderson again -- the vietnamese is going to buy -- you can see the one that neither did not have a lot of content or a lot of content , and didn &apos;t have a lot of what it would be like to be the theme .
so , really , some happy people , some happy people and companies , for-profit companies and profession , the extraordinary opportunity -- because i &apos;m sure that chris anderson will never be able to buy -- who &apos;s going to buy the rights of the rights that they &apos;re going to look at right now , who didn &apos;t have a lot of the title and didn &apos;t have a lot of content on what was going to be the subject .

ich habe sogar mit meinem professor , richard evan shultes , der mann , der die psychedelische ärea mit der entdeckung der magischen pilze in mexiko in den 30iger jahren eingeleitet hat , darüber diskutiert . ich behauptete , dass man diese tryptamine nicht als halluzinogen einordnen konnte , da in dem moment in dem man die auswirkungen spürt , man nicht mehr da ist , um eine halluzination zu erfahren .
in fact , i used to argue with my professor , richard evan shultes -- who is a man who sparked the psychedelic era with his discovery of the magic mushrooms in mexico in the 1930s -- i used to argue that you couldn &apos;t classify these tryptamines as hallucinogenic because by the time you &apos;re under the effects there &apos;s no one home anymore to experience a hallucination .
so , in fact , i &apos;ve even been talking to my professor july , the man of the psyche , the head of psychea , with the masters of the republic of the magical discovery in the &apos; 300s , which was that i said that this was not a hallucination at the moment when you failed to experience the hallucination , that there was no longer a hallucination in the hallucination , that you couldn &apos;t find out the hallucination .
in fact , i &apos;ve even experienced with my professor , richard evan , evan , evan man , the man who &apos;s been talking to the master of the magic mushroom with the magic mushroom of mexico in mexico has been discussed over the 300s . i &apos;m not saying that you couldn &apos;t find this hallucinoid moment in tamin the moment where you can &apos;t experience , because you can &apos;t experience more .

