ja .
yes .
yeah .
yes .

vielleicht nicht .
maybe not .
maybe not .
maybe not .

vielen dank .
thank you very much .
thank you .
thank you .

ich weiß nicht .
i don &apos;t know .
i don &apos;t know .
i don &apos;t know .

musik als sprache .
music as language .
music as a language .
music as language .

die sonne geht auf
the sun is rising .
the sun goes down .
the sun goes to the sun .

lento , langsam .
lento , slow .
move , slowly .
lento , slowly .

diese tage sind vorbei .
and those days are gone .
these days are over .
these days are over .

ziemlich gut , nicht ?
pretty good , right ?
pretty good , isn &apos;t it ?
pretty good , right ?

warum tun wir das ?
why do we do that ?
why do we do that ?
why do we do that ?

dankeschön .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .

in china war es anders .
it was different in china .
in china , it was different .
in china , it was different .

es hat milliarden von denen .
there are billions of them .
it has billions of them .
it has billions of those .

ooh , danke schön .
aww , thank you .
ooh , thank you .
oh , thank you .

es gibt online-kriminelle .
we have online criminals .
there are online criminals .
there are online criminals .

das kennen die meisten hier .
most people here have heard of them .
that &apos;s what most of you know .
this is what most of you know .

was was ist da eigentlich passiert ?
what what happened there ?
what &apos;s actually happened there ?
what &apos;s actually happening there ?

eigentlich machte ich zwei fehler .
actually , i made two more mistakes .
actually , i made two mistakes .
in fact , i made two mistakes .

so was warum jetzt hacken ?
so what why hacking ?
so , why hacks ?
so why now hacks ?

also lassen sie mich sie erinnern .
so let me remind you .
so let me remind you .
so let me remind you .

manchmal ist die perspektive die illusion .
sometimes the perspective is the illusion .
sometimes the perspective is the illusion .
sometimes the perspective is the illusion .

welches würden sie am meisten gefallen ?
which one would you like the most ?
which one would you like to most ?
what would you like to most ?

es war mein erster sonnenbrand .
this was my first sunburn .
it was my first sunk .
it was my first sunfire .

das ist es , ganz einfach .
it &apos;s this , just like this .
that &apos;s it , very simple .
that &apos;s it , very simple .

was versuchen sie zu erreichen ? «
tell me what you &apos;re trying to do . &quot;
what are they trying to achieve ? &quot;
what are they trying to do ? &quot;

ihre familie versammelte sich .
and the family gathered .
their family gathered together .
their family gathered .

wird es weniger als 20 dollar kosten ?
will it be under $ 20 ?
is it going to cost less than 20 dollars ?
will it cost less than 20 dollars ?

mir schießt etwas durch den kopf .
something shoots through my head .
i &apos;m shooting a little bit through the head .
i &apos;m going to shoot a little bit through the head .

er steht also genau in der mitte .
so it &apos;s right in the middle .
so he &apos;s right in the middle .
so it &apos;s right in the middle .

sie waren genetisch erdrückt worden .
they had been pushed genetically .
they were genetically recovered .
they were embedded .

ein jahr lang hatten wir keinen cent .
for a year we were penniless .
we had no cents a year .
for a year , we had no cents .

nein , nein , das geht nicht .
no , no , that &apos;s not possible .
no , no , it &apos;s not .
no , no , that &apos;s not .

die steine sind farbcodiert .
the bricks are color-coded .
the stones are color codes .
the stones are color codes .

und jeder in diesem raum muss hinein .
and everyone in this room has to get into it .
and everyone in this room has to come in .
and everybody in this room has to be in .

vor allem , wenn er schon gestorben ist .
especially if he &apos;s already dead .
most of all , when he died .
most of all , when he died .

damit können also männer keine schweine sein .
so humans can &apos;t be pigs .
so men can &apos;t be pigs .
so men can &apos;t be pigs .

ich denke , dass das richtig cool ist .
i think this is really cool .
i think that &apos;s really cool .
i think that &apos;s really cool .

sexuelle fortpflanzung tritt ins bild .
sexual reproduction enters the picture .
sexual reproduction goes into the picture .
sexuality continues to the picture .

das ist so ein getragenes teil .
it &apos;s a solemn part .
this is such a trapped part .
this is such a trajectory .

dies ist eine bescheidene kleine app .
this is a modest little app .
this is a modest little app .
this is a small app .

wir haben in diesem land jetzt masern .
we have measles in this country now .
we have now in this country .
we have in this country now .

dies ist ein jährlicher tauwasserfluss .
this is an annual melting river .
this is a annual water river .
this is a year of water river .

das ziel des ganzen films ist transparenz .
the goal of this whole film is transparency .
the goal of the whole film is transparency .
the goal of the whole film is transparency .

für welche maßnahmen appelliere ich ?
what am i appealing to you to step forward and drive ?
what kind of application am i ?
what kind of application i did ?

kannst du sie mir jetzt auch in blau spielen ?
can you play it in blue now ?
can you play it to me now ?
can you play me now in blue ?

inzwischen haben sich die instrumente fortentwickelt .
instruments have developed .
in between , the instruments have evolved .
between content , the instruments evolved .

das heißt etwas was in der stadt gebaut ist .
that means something built in a city .
that means something that &apos;s built in the city .
that &apos;s something that &apos;s built in the city .

sie befinden sich im hinteren teil unseres körpers .
they &apos;re in the back of our body .
they are in the back of our body .
they &apos;re in the back of our body .

unser ziel war es einfach zu sagen , okay ,
our objective was to simply say , okay ,
our goal was to say , okay .
our goal was easy to say , okay .

aber es hat eine unerwartete wendung .
but it has an unexpected twist .
but it has an unexpected waste .
but it has an unexpected point .

lassen sie es mich ihnen aus der nähe zeigen .
let me give you good close look at this .
let me show you it from the point of view .
let me show you from the near .

dass das thema ökologie ein globales ist .
that the theme of ecology is a global theme .
that the theme of ecology is a global thing .
that the theme of ecology is a global .

das geschichtenerzählen gebraucht immer mehr sinne .
storytelling is becoming more and more multi-sensorial .
the storytelling always needs more and more .
the storyteller needs more senses .

und alles ist ja verpackung oder inhalt .
and everything is either the packaging or the contents .
and everything is packaging or content .
and everything is kind of package or content .

sie investieren keine zeit in machtkämpfe .
they don &apos;t spend time jockeying for power .
they don &apos;t invest time in power .
they don &apos;t invest in mammals .

ich sagte : » worüber redest du ? «
i said , &quot; well , what are you talking about ? &quot;
i said , &quot; what are you talking about ? &quot;
i said , &quot; what are you talking about ? &quot;

also für ihn waren sie nur bauklötze .
so to him , they were just blocks .
so for him , they were just cloning .
so for him , they were just building blocks .

das triebe die u.s. für hunderte von jahren an .
that would power the u.s. for hundreds of years .
this is the u.s. for hundreds of years .
the u.s. government for hundreds of years .

gute nacht , süße beutelratte . &quot;
goodnight sweet opossum . &quot;
good night , sweet rats . &quot;
good night , sweet rat . &quot;

denn andernfalls wäre unser problem sogar noch größer .
because otherwise , our problems would even be bigger .
because otherwise our problem would be even bigger .
because otherwise our problem would be even bigger .

für nathaniel bedeutet musik seelische gesundheit .
and for nathaniel , music is sanity .
for nathaniel , music means elite health .
for nathaniel , music means seelian health .

der übergang geschieht . wir können es alle fühlen .
that transition is happening . we can all sense it .
the transition is overwhelming . we can all feel it .
the transition happens . we can feel it all .

wir wollen masseninhaftierungen abschaffen . «
we &apos;re trying to end mass incarceration . &quot;
we want to create mass customization . &quot;
we want to create mass inferences . &quot;

man macht etwas , das eigentlich ein wenig anders ist .
you &apos;re doing something that &apos;s actually a little bit different .
you do something that &apos;s actually a little different .
you do something that &apos;s actually a little different .

ich bin nicht teil dieser gruppe , muss ich sagen .
i &apos;m not part of that crowd , i have to say .
i &apos;m not part of this group , i have to say .
i &apos;m not part of this group , i have to say .

wieso mache ich das ? was kommt dabei heraus ? &quot;
why am i doing this ? what do i get out of it ? &quot;
why do i do that ? what comes out there ? &quot;
why do i do that ? what &apos;s going on ? &quot;

hier sind also ein paar natürliche glühwürmchen .
so here we have some natural fireflies .
so here are some natural fireflies .
so here &apos;s a couple of natural light worms .

diese frauen trafen sich also und unterhielten sich einfach .
and these women would get together and just talk .
so these women met , and they just signed up .
so these women were trading , and they just got themselves .

&quot; schau dir ihre bäuche an , pink .
&quot; look at their bellies , pink .
&quot; look at your belly , pink .
&quot; look at your sales , pink .

ich zeige ihnen hier einfach nur die new york times website .
i &apos;m just showing the new york times website here .
i &apos;m just showing you the new york times website .
i &apos;m just showing you just the new york times .

ich werde niemals mehr so spielen , wie in diesem moment .
i will never again play as i did in this moment .
i &apos;m never going to play the way in this moment .
i &apos;m never going to play more like this right now .

er sagte : » ich bin so stolz auf sie . «
he said , &quot; i &apos;m so proud of you . &quot;
he said , &quot; i &apos;m so proud of you . &quot;
he said , &quot; i &apos;m so proud of you . &quot;

sie bekommen niemals eine aufgabe , die sie nicht lösen können .
they never give you a challenge that you can &apos;t achieve .
they never get a task that they can &apos;t solve .
you never get a task that you can &apos;t solve .

in wirklichkeit sind die noten sehr vage und ungenau .
in reality the notes are very vague and imprecise .
in fact , the grades are very vague and exactly .
in fact , the notes are very fathers and not exactly .

und dann bieten wir einen dieser großartigen düfte an .
so we &apos;ll offer one of these fabulous scents .
and then we offer one of these great dunes .
and then we offer one of these great dress .

viele sprechen von einer 80 % reduktion bis 2050 .
for 2050 , you &apos;ve heard many people talk about this 80 percent reduction .
a lot of talk from a 80 percent reduction to 2050 .
many of a 80 percent reduction by 2050 .

und der fisch hatte auch das glück , noch da zu sein .
and the fish also were happy to be there .
and the fish also had the luck to be there .
and the fish also had the happiness to be there .

für die unteren zwei milliarden aber ist es ein desaster .
the disaster is for that two billion .
but it &apos;s a disaster for the lower two billion .
for the bottom two billion , it &apos;s a disaster .

es ist eine debatte über wörter , über metaphern .
it &apos;s a debate about words , about metaphors .
it &apos;s a debate about words , about metaphors .
it &apos;s a debate about words , about metaphors .

nun , der energiepreis ist über die zeit gefallen .
now , the price of energy has come down over time .
well , the energy episode about time .
well , the energy source is over time .

er ist ein biologe bei veta la palma .
he &apos;s a biologist at veta la palma .
he &apos;s a biologist at veta la palma .
he &apos;s a biologist at veteteta palma palma .

aber was , wenn man die pinselstriche sehen will ?
but what if you want to see brush strokes ?
but what if you want to see the paintbrush ?
but what if you want to see the slides ?

stellen sie sich vor diese bildpunkte könnten wirklich anfangen zu fliegen .
that &apos;s , imagine those pixels could actually start flying .
imagine if they could really start flying these points .
imagine these imagery could really start flying into flies .

ich hoffe , sie freuen sich schon darauf . vielen dank .
i hope you &apos;re looking forward to that . thank you very much .
i hope you &apos;ll enjoy it . thank you very much .
i hope you &apos;re excited about it . thank you very much .

und die ganz zeit sammelte ich mehr und mehr wissen .
and all the while , i was amassing more and more knowledge .
and the time i collected more and more .
and the very time i collected more and more knowledge .

und ich meine nicht nur weniger erfolgreich , obwohl das dazu gehört .
and i don &apos;t mean just good as in successful , although that &apos;s part of it .
and i don &apos;t just mean less successful , even though that belongs .
and i don &apos;t just mean less successful , even though that belongs .

heute möchte ich ihnen von kreisen und offenbarungen erzählen .
i &apos;m here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
today i want to tell you about circles and apparatus .
today , i want to tell you about circles and openings .

zweitens , wenn er recht hat , dann hat er keine seele .
these things are logically correct .
second , if he &apos;s right , he doesn &apos;t have a soul .
second , if he &apos;s right , he doesn &apos;t have a soul .

die kosten für solarenergie fielen im letzten jahr um 50 prozent .
the cost of solar dropped 50 percent last year .
the cost of solar power in the last year was 50 percent .
the cost of solar energy over the last 50 percent .

denn ihr leben hing davon ab , ob sie den job richtig machten .
in fact , their life depended on doing the job .
because your life depended on whether you did the job .
because your life depended on whether they did the job right .

wenn sie mich das heute fragen , bin ich mir nicht so sicher .
but if you ask me today , i &apos;m not so sure .
if you ask me this today , i &apos;m not so sure .
if you ask me this today , i &apos;m not so sure .

dieser zweite fisch , das ist eine andere art von liebesgeschichte .
this second fish , it &apos;s a different kind of love story .
this second fish , this is a different kind of love story .
the second fish , that &apos;s a different kind of narrative .

und die leben lebten in der küstenregion von british columbia .
they live lived in the coastal region of british columbia .
and the lives lived in the coastal region of british columbia .
and life lived in the kitchen region of british columbia .

das ist ein faszinierendes abenteuer , auf das man geht .
this is an amazing story and adventure for you to go on .
this is a fascinating adventure that you go to .
this is a fascinating adventure that you &apos;re going to do .

ich werde wahrscheinlich nicht alle von ihnen auf diese reise mitnehmen können .
i &apos;m not , probably , going to bring you all along with me on this .
i &apos;m probably not going to be able to take all of you on this journey .
i &apos;m probably not going to take all of you on this journey .

da liegen uns fälle vor , wie der von diginotar .
and then we look at cases like what happened in diginotar .
there are cases of , as the inflection of inflection .
there we are accidents like the ingenious .

und das bedeutet freien zugriff , das bedeutet offen und produktiv .
and that means permissionless , it means open , it means generative .
and that means free , that means open and productive .
and that means free , which means open and productive .

das heißt , es geht um effektivität , nicht um effizienz .
so it &apos;s about effectivity , not efficiency .
that is , it &apos;s about efficiency , not about efficiency .
that means that it &apos;s about effective efficiency , not about efficiency .

also es ist meiner meinung nach ein sehr gelungener hack .
so that was a very successful hack in my opinion .
so , i think it &apos;s a very yellow hack .
so i think it &apos;s a very unyellow hack .

das geheimnis ist , dass das spiel der schlüssel zu diesen fertigkeiten ist .
the secret is that play is the key to these capacities .
the secret is that the game of the key to this skills is .
the secret is that the game is the key to these skills .

aber eine menge leute verfangen sich in einer sehr eigenartigen position .
but a lot of people get stuck in a very strange position .
but a lot of people get caught in a very strange position .
but a lot of people start in a very strange position .

wie wäre es mit einem satz neuer , nie zuvor gehörter stimmen .
how about a set of voices that have never been heard from before .
how about a new , never before more voices .
it would be with a new sentence , never before hearing hearing hearing .

selbst wenn sie sich jetzt erschießen würden , hätten sie emissionen .
even if you were to shoot yourself now , you &apos;d still have emissions .
even if you were to shoot yourself now , you would have emissions .
even if you were to shoot now , you would have emissions .

ich bin traurig , dass wir einander niemals als erwachsene kennen gelernt haben .
i &apos;m disappointed that we never got to know each other as adults .
i &apos;m sad that we never know each other as adults .
i &apos;m sad that we never learned as adults .

diese leute werden mit dem film in ewigkeit verbunden sein – für immer .
these people will be married to the film in perpetuity -- forever .
these people will be connected to the film in eternity -- forever .
these people will be connected to the film in eternal -- always for .

und das ist etwas , das wir lernen müssen , und zwar sehr schnell .
and it &apos;s something we need to learn , and we need to learn it really soon .
and that &apos;s something we need to learn , and it &apos;s very quickly .
and that &apos;s something we need to learn , and very quickly .

sie können nur nullemissionen haben , wenn sie nicht da sind .
you can only have zero emissions if you don &apos;t exist .
you can only have numerical missions when they &apos;re not there .
you can only have zerleversions , if you &apos;re not there .

lassen sie uns anfangen mit der frage : wie werden wir uns selbst ernähren ?
let &apos;s start by asking : how are we going to feed ourselves ?
let &apos;s start with the question : how are we going to feed ourselves ?
let &apos;s start with the question : how are we going to feed ourselves ?

aber eine weiße pille ist nicht so gut wie eine blaue pille .
but a white pill is not as good as a blue pill .
but a white pill is not as good as a blue pill .
but a white mushroom is not as good as a blue mushroom .

wir kennen nun neun städte , die planen , diese app zu nutzen .
so we now know of nine cities that are planning to use this .
we now know nine cities that are planning to use these app app .
we now know nine cities that plan to use these app .

und diese apps lassen uns unsere hände benutzen , um unsere gemeinden zu verbessern .
and those applications let us use our hands to make our communities better .
and these apps let us use our hands to improve our communities .
and these apps let us use our hands to improve our communities .

und dort entwickelten sie tolle apps , arbeiteten mit städtischen mitarbeitern .
and there they make great apps , they work with city staffers .
and there they developed great apps , working with urban workers .
and they developed great apps , worked with urban mitters .

das ist nicht politisch aktiv sein , das ist bürokratisch aktiv sein .
that &apos;s not being politically active , that &apos;s being bureaucratically active .
this is not political actors ; this is bureaucratic .
that &apos;s not political active , that &apos;s office table .

diese futterverwertung von 2.5 zu 1 &quot; , sagte er .
that feed conversion ratio ? 2.5 to one , &quot; he said .
this feature of 2.5 to one , &quot; he said .
this charter of 2.5 to one , &quot; he said .

heutzutage , mehr als je zuvor , bringt uns ein bisschen ehrlichkeit sehr weit .
today , more than ever , a little honesty is going to go a long way .
nowadays , more than ever before , it brings us a little bit of honesty .
today , more than ever before , we have a little bit of honesty .

so ein kleiner bub , der interessiert sich doch nicht fürs feuerlöschen .
he &apos;s interested in setting fires .
so a little bub that doesn &apos;t really care about fire .
so a little bub that doesn &apos;t care about fire .

viele benutzen das wort , wissen aber gar nicht , was es dann en detail bedeutet .
many people use the word but don &apos;t know what it means in detail .
a lot of people use the word , but they don &apos;t know what it means .
many people use the word , but don &apos;t know what it means .

sie würde ihr kind nicht gegen kinderlähmung impfen . auf keinen fall .
she wasn &apos;t going to vaccinate her kid against polio , no way .
she wouldn &apos;t vaccinate her child against child paralysis . no one .
she wouldn &apos;t have her child against child &apos;s infancy . no case .

sie verursachen so was wie einen wasservorhang mit bildpunkten aus wasser .
you create like a water curtain with pixels made of water .
they &apos;re causing things like a waterfront of water with points of water .
they cause things like a waterfront of imagery with screens of water .

und es war nicht auf grund meines oberarztes , er war sehr lieb .
and it wasn &apos;t because of my attending ; he was a doll .
and it wasn &apos;t on my high school arzard , he was very gray .
and it wasn &apos;t at the bottom of my chief , he was very quietly .

ein chromosom ist so nebenbei nur ein stück inertes chemisches material .
a chromosome , by the way , is just a piece of inert chemical material .
a chromosome is just a piece of content with a chemical material .
a chromosome is just a piece of chemical material .

die demokratie wuchs heran , aber zur selben zeit wuchs auch die wissenschaft heran .
and that was democracy growing up , but it was also science growing up at the same time .
democracy grew up in , but at the same time , the science grew up in science .
democracy grew up , but at the same time , science grew up .

hier brauchen sie etwas logik , aber auch die bereitschaft zu lügen .
namely to lie in such a way that you can simply implement this logic in the wrong way .
here you need something logic , but also the willingness to lie .
here you need something logic , but also the willingness to lie .

wir waren ja damals erst fünf leute , um eine um die gesellschaft wieder neu aufzubauen .
we were only a group of five people at the time , that could that could rebuild the <<unk>> .
we were just about five people back then to rebuild the society .
we were only five people at the time to rebuild a society again .

sie hat sich im laufe der evolution entwickelt , um unreinheiten aufzusaugen . &quot;
it evolved to soak up impurities . &quot;
she has evolved in the evolution of evolution in order to delay the puppy . &quot;
it has evolved over the evolution of evolution to be native . &quot;

sie benutzen ihre hände , um anwendungen zu schreiben , die die arbeit der regierung verbessert .
they &apos;re using their hands to write applications that make government work better .
they use their hands to write applications that improve government &apos;s work .
they use their hands to write applications that improvements the work of government .

weil steve jobs hat mal gesagt , you need to dig <unk> to <unk> how it <unk> .
like steve jobs once said : you need to dig deeper to understand how it works .
because steve jobs said that , by the way , is told by doing that , by doing so .
because steve jobs said , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you want to show it .

das bin ich , wie ich das &quot; in leben bin ich schlecht &quot; -gesicht mache .
this is actually me making the &quot; i &apos;m not good at life &quot; face .
that &apos;s me , as i am in &quot; life , &quot; i am bad . &quot;
i &apos;m like , &quot; i &apos;m bad at life . &quot;

er sagte , &quot; sagen sie mir , was am feminismus weiblich ist . &quot;
he said , &quot; tell me what &apos;s feminine about feminism . &quot;
he said , &quot; tell me what is the feminism . &quot;
he said , &quot; tell me what &apos;s wrong with feminism . &quot;

das hier ist wladimir tsastsin aus tartu in estland .
here &apos;s vladimir tsastsin form tartu in estonia .
this is , you know , poets me out of stealth in the country .
this is wladder me from targetown in estinian .

und ich möge doch vielleicht mein inselprojekt vorstellen , dass ich versuche euch vorzustellen .
and she said i should perhaps present my island project , which i will try to present to you .
and i &apos;m probably going to introduce you to my insane project that i &apos;m trying to imagine you .
and i might be able to imagine my inrare project that i &apos;m trying to imagine you .

und eine menge leute fragen mich : &quot; was bekommt man für 10 milliarden bildpunkte ? &quot;
and i get a lot of people asking me : &quot; what do you get for 10 billion pixels ? &quot;
and a lot of people ask me , &quot; what do you get for 10 billion points ? &quot;
and a lot of people ask me , &quot; what do you get for 10 billion imagery ? &quot;

ihr könnt das dann gleich viel besser erklären , da steckt noch mehr viel mehr dahinter .
you can explain this much more elaborately later on , as there &apos;s more much more to this .
you can then explain that much better , because there &apos;s a lot more stuff behind this .
you can actually explain the same a lot better , because there &apos;s a lot more behind it .

ich weiß , dass sie das gemacht haben , weil die hälfte der amerikaner das jeden tag macht .
i know you did because half of americans do every day .
i know you &apos;ve done that because half of americans do that every day .
i know you &apos;ve done that because the half of americans do this every day .

betrachten sie dies als die fortsetzung der arbeit von stephen lawlers an virtual earth .
think of this as the long tail to stephen lawler &apos;s virtual earth work .
consider this to be the sequel of stephen lawyer at gaps .
look at this as the continuity of the process of stephen cancer earth &apos;s earth .

wie die meisten erwachsenen auf dem boot trug meine mutter eine kleine giftflasche bei sich .
like most adults on the boat , my mother carried a small bottle of poison .
like most adults on the boat , my mother carried a little toxic bottle at her .
like most adults on the boat , my mother carried a little bottle in themselves .

sagte er : » herr stevenson , haben sie diesen verrückten antrag gestellt ? «
he said , &quot; mr. stevenson , did you write this crazy motion ? &quot;
he said , &quot; mr. venvenvenson , did you have this crazy contribution ? &quot;
he said , &quot; mr. stevenson , did you put this crazy mission ? &quot;

sie schmeckte süß und rein , als ob man einen bissen vom ozean nehmen würde .
it tasted sweet and clean , like you were taking a bite of the ocean .
she would taste candy , and she would take a bite from the ocean .
it bumped and slaughed , as if you would take a bish of the ocean .

ein effekt , paradoxer weise , ist , dass er lähmt statt zu befreien .
one effect , paradoxically , is that it produces paralysis , rather than liberation .
one effect , paradoxically , is that he paralyzes instead of free .
a paradox , paradoxically , is that he &apos;s paralyzed instead of free .

aber , wenn es ums schreiben geht denke ich seit kurzem darüber nach und frage mich : warum ?
but , when it comes to writing , the thing that i &apos;ve been sort of thinking about lately , and wondering about lately , is why ?
but , when it comes to writing , i &apos;ve been asking for a second , and i ask myself , why ?
but , if it &apos;s writing , i &apos;ve been thinking about this recently and question : why ?

ganz fremd ist es aber für laien , was wir musiker mit unserer musiksprache tun .
what we musicians do with our musical language is very alien to non-professionals .
so , strangers are , but for lawrence , what we do with our music language .
but it &apos;s very strange , but for lawrence , what we do with our music language .

es ist ein physikalisches gebilde in london , aber mit bildpunkten bedeckt .
it &apos;s a physical structure in london , but covered with pixels .
it &apos;s a physical image in london , but it covered with points .
it &apos;s a physical image in london , but covered with imagery .

und wenn wir einen energieüberschuss haben , dann werden wir auch wasser im überfluss haben .
and if we have abundant energy , we also have abundant water .
and if we have an energy translation , we will also have water in the stream .
and if we have an energy overhead , we will also have water in the river .

kommen wir also zurück zu diesen zwei wesen die zu beginn des vortrags gezeugt worden sind .
so let &apos;s go back to those two beings conceived at the beginning of this talk .
so , let &apos;s come back to these two creatures that are the beginning of the talk earlier .
so let &apos;s come back to these two creatures that have been given to the beginning of the talk .

wollen wir auch unterstützen , aber wir glauben euch nicht , dass ihr das technische problem lösen könnt .
they said , we want to support it , but we don &apos;t think you can solve the technical problem .
we also want to support , but we don &apos;t think you can solve the technical problem .
we also want to support , but we don &apos;t believe that you can solve the technical problem .

extrem wichtig ist , jetzt schon extrem wichtig ist und noch viel , viel wichtiger werden wird in zukunft .
is of extreme importance today is already extremely important today and will become much more important in the future .
extremely important is now extremely important , and much more importantly , there will be a lot more important in the future .
extremely important now , is extremely important and more importantly , much more important in the future .

und dies führt zu weniger zufriedenheit mit den ergebnissen , auch wenn die ergebnisse gut sind .
and what that &apos;s going to produce is less satisfaction with results , even when they &apos;re good results .
and this leads to less satisfaction with the results , even though the results are good .
and this leads to less satisfaction with the results , even though the results are good .

nun , es gibt alle möglichen spielereilösungen wie diese , aber sie bringen alle nicht viel .
now , there &apos;s all sorts of gimmicky solutions like that one , but they don &apos;t really add up to much .
well , there are all kinds of playful solutions like this , but they &apos;re not bringing them all together .
well , there are all kinds of playful solutions like this , but they don &apos;t all get a lot .

nun , warum zeichnen wir graphen in der technik auf semi-logarithmischen kurven ?
now why do we draw technology curves in semi-log curves ?
now , why do we draw graphers in the technology of semi-logarithmic ?
now , why do we draw graphin in technology on semi-logarithmic curves ?

er bekam intravenöse antibotica und erholte sich ein paar tage später .
he was placed on intravenous antibiotics and he recovered after a few days .
he got intrasized antiboo botica and got a few days later .
he got intraceutica , and he got a few days later .

ich denke , das genre , der stil , den ich habe , ist wohl &quot; dark glamour &quot; .
i guess what kind of genre , style i am would be like dark glamor .
i think that the style i have is probably glamour .
i think this is the gene , the style i have , is probably &quot; glamour . &quot;

erzählen sie mir einfach ein wenig , wie das mit ihren gedanken und gefühlen über sie selbst verbunden ist .
so tell me a little bit how it relates to your thoughts and feelings about who you are .
just tell me a little bit about how that is connected to your thoughts and feelings about yourself .
just tell me a little bit about how this is connected to your thoughts and feelings about yourself .

und an diesem abend lag ich im bett und dachte : was zur hölle ist ein nachhaltiges protein ?
and that night , i was lying in bed , and i thought : what the hell is a sustainable protein ?
and at that evening , i was in bed , and i thought , what the hell is a sustainable protein ?
and at that evening , i was in bed , and i thought , what &apos;s the hell of the hell ?

als so etwas damals geschah , wussten die leute was das war . sie nannten es bei seinem namen .
and when this happened , back then , people knew it for what it was , you know , they called it by its name .
when something happened then , people knew what that was . they called it in his name .
when something happened then , people knew what this was . they called it in his name .

aber zu der zeit , als mehrzelligen organismen auftauchten , begannen sich die dinge zu ändern .
but at the time multi-celled organisms come online , things start to change .
but at the time , when multi-root organisms began to change things .
but at the time , as a multiplotted organisms , the things started to change .

aber wir wissen , wenn wir das aussprechen , sind die sozialen verhältnisse sehr empfindlich gestört .
we can &apos;t just do that .
but we know that when we speak out , the social change is very sensitive .
but we know if we &apos;re talking about this , social relations are very sensitive .

sie werden &apos; s nie mehr vergessen , weil ich zeige ihnen , wo der dalmatiner ist .
you &apos;ll never forget it again , because i &apos;m showing where the dalmatian is .
they &apos;re never going to forget , because i &apos;m going to show you where the dalmaid is .
you will never forget anymore , because i &apos;m showing you where the dalmaciner is .

sie haben bestimmt von &quot; level hoch &quot; und &quot; + 1 stärke &quot; gehört oder &quot; + 1 intelligenz &quot; .
you guys have heard of leveling up and plus-one strength , and plus-one intelligence .
you &apos;ve probably heard of &quot; level up , &quot; and &quot; + starch 1 &quot; or &quot; + intelligence . &quot;
you &apos;ve heard of &quot; high level &quot; and &quot; a strength &quot; or &quot; + 1 intelligence . &quot;

das war unser erster versuch , beginnend mit der digitalen information , des genoms phi x 174 .
and this was our first attempt , starting with the digital information of the genome of phi x174 .
this was our first attempt , starting with the digital information , the phi phi x 174 .
this was our first attempt , starting with the digital information , the genome of the genomphi x 174 .

und was wir tatsächlich gemacht haben , wir , die menschheit , ist , wir haben zu abstrahieren begonnen .
and so , in fact , what we &apos;ve done is we , humanity , have started abstracting out .
and what we &apos;ve actually done is we &apos;ve started mankind , we &apos;ve started to abstract .
and what we &apos;ve actually done is we &apos;ve done humanity , is we &apos;ve started to abstract abstract .

sie kämpfen nicht diesen kampf , den wir alle kämpfen , darum , wer sprechen darf ; sie alle dürfen sprechen .
they &apos;re not fighting that battle that we &apos;re all fighting about who gets to speak ; they all get to speak .
they &apos;re not fighting this battle that we all fight about who &apos;s going to talk ; they &apos;re all allowed to speak .
they don &apos;t fight that battle that we all fight about who can speak ; they all have to speak .

also , ich schreibe für kinder , und bin wahrscheinlich amerikas meist gelesener kinderbuchautor .
you know , what i do is write for children , and i &apos;m probably america &apos;s most widely read children &apos;s author , in fact .
so , i write children for children , and i &apos;m probably the most likely to be escalating children &apos;s bookstore .
so , i write for kids , and i &apos;m probably a lot of america &apos;s most safer children .

wenn jemand sie bitten würde , ihre markenidentität zu beschreiben , ihre markenpersönlichkeit , wie wäre sie ?
if somebody asked you to describe your brand identity , your brand personality , what would you be ?
if somebody asked them to describe their brand identity , their brand , their kenyan personality , what would it be ?
if somebody would ask you to describe your brand identity , your brand personality , how would you be ?

nun , morgan , im namen der transparenz dies : was ist nun genau mit den $ 7100 passiert ?
so , morgan , in the name of transparency , what exactly happened to that $ 7,100 ?
now , morgan , the name of transparency : what happened to the $ 7100 ?
well , morgan , in the name of transparency , this is what &apos;s happening now with the $ 7100 ?

sagen sie , dass es negative auswirkungen gibt , die mit den wolken zu tun haben , die dinge verschieben ?
are they saying that there &apos;s negative feedback effects that have to do with clouds that offset things ?
do you say there are negative effects that have to do with the clouds , the things that are different ?
tell you that there are negative implications that have to do with the clouds that make things different ?

das bedeutet , wir haben einen gemeinsamen vorfahren , eine evolutionäre großmutter , die vor etwa sechs millionen jahren lebte .
that means we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived around six million years ago .
that means we have a common ancestor , a evolutionary grandmother who lived about six million years ago .
that means we have a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago .

impfstoffe , moderne medizin , unsere fähigkeit , milliarden menschen zu ernähren , das sind erfolge der wissenschaftlichen methode .
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , those are triumphs of the scientific method .
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , are the success of scientific method .
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , these are success of scientific method .

die nervenzellen sind also der informationsverarbeitungsapparat , den diese zellengemeinschaften aufgebaut haben .
so neurons are the information processing apparatus that those communities of cells built up .
so the nerve cells are the information processing seasons , which have built these cell communities .
so the nerve cells are the information processing workers that have built these cell communities .

der menschliche teil dieses busches , weit am ende , ist natürlich das , woran wir am meisten interessiert sind .
the human part of this branch , way out on one end , is , of course , the one that we are most interested in .
the human part of this book is , of course , the end of course , is what we &apos;re most interested in .
the human part of this book , far at the end , of course , is what we &apos;re most interested in .

also , im großen und ganzen sind wir sehr zuversichtlich , dass wir tatsächlich bestimmt haben , was das ziel ist .
so in all , we are very confident that we have actually determined what the target is .
so , in the big and all of us , we &apos;re very confident that we actually have what the goal is .
so , in large and all of us , we &apos;re very promising that we actually have determined what the goal is .

es gibt ein altes afrikanisches sprichwort : &quot; wenn du schnell sein möchtest , geh alleine .
there is an old african proverb that says , &quot; if you want to go quickly , go alone .
there &apos;s an old african saying , &quot; if you want to be fast , you &apos;re alone .
there &apos;s an african span saying , &quot; if you want to be fast , alone .

durch meine arbeit versuche ich auszudrücken , dass menschen nicht von der natur getrennt sind und dass alles miteinander verbunden ist .
through my work i &apos;m trying to articulate that humans are not separate from nature and that everything is interconnected .
through my work , i &apos;m trying to express that humans are not separate from nature , and that everything is connected to each other .
through my work , i &apos;m trying to realize that people are not separated by nature , and that everything is connected .

selbst nach dem völkermord in ruanda gab es diese bereitschaft , aber nicht in diesem unseren land .
in rwanda , even after the genocide , there was this commitment , but in this country we haven &apos;t done that .
even after the genocide in rwanda , there was this willingness , but not in this country .
even after the genocide genocide in rwanda , there were these issues , but not in this country .

widrigkeiten sind kein hindernis , das wir umkurven müssen , um mit unserem leben besser klar zu kommen .
adversity isn &apos;t an obstacle that we need to get around in order to resume living our life .
jowick is not an obstacle we need to deal with our lives better .
widrill are not obstacles that we need to be able to come up with our lives better .

jeder von ihnen , jeder – gleich ob reich oder arm , ob sie ein tolles haus haben – spielt keine rolle .
any one of you , anybody -- doesn &apos;t matter if you &apos;re rich , if you &apos;re poor , if you have a fancy house -- doesn &apos;t matter .
every one of you , every one of you -- whether rich or poor , whether you have a great house , doesn &apos;t matter .
every one of you , everybody -- whether it &apos;s rich or poor , whether you have a great house -- no role .

leider war ich noch viel zu jung , sodass er schon emeritiert war , als ich endlich anfing zu studieren .
i was much too young at the time unfortunately , so he had already retired before i finally started studying .
unfortunately , i was too young to young , so he was already emerged as i finally started to study .
unfortunately , i was too much too young , so he was unexplored when i finally started studying .

die idee wurde für sie wirklich greifbar , wissen sie , dass es menschen gibt , die mit moskitos leben .
it really got them involved in the idea of , you know , there are people who live with mosquitos .
the idea was to be really tangible , you know that there are people living with mosquitos .
the idea was really tangible to you , you know that there are people who live with mosquitos .

was ich ihnen erzähle ist , dass diese teuren , komplizierten entscheidungen -- es ist nicht einfach , das sie nicht helfen .
what i &apos;m telling you is that these expensive , complicated choices -- it &apos;s not simply that they don &apos;t help .
what i &apos;m telling you is that these subjects , complicated decisions -- it &apos;s not easy to do that .
what i tell you is that these expensive decisions -- it &apos;s not easy to help them .

es könnte jeder einzelne bildpunkt einen impuls haben , der von menschen kommt , von den bewegungen der menschen oder dergleichen .
you can have each pixel having an input that comes from people , from people &apos;s movement , or so and so .
it could have any single dot of impulse that comes from people , from the movements of people or the same ones .
it could have every single picture of a impulse that comes from people , from the movements of people or the same .

diese geistige orientierung ist der kern dessen , wovon ich glaube , dass auch die ted-gemeinschaften sich dafür engagieren müssen .
well that orientation of the spirit is very much at the core of what i believe even ted communities have to be engaged in .
this mental orientation is the core of what i think is that the ted communities have to get involved in it .
this mental orientation is the core of what i believe is also the ted communities need to engage themselves .

mein bruder sagte : » nun mach schon . heute machen wir das , du machst doch auch sonst alles , was wir tun .
my brother said , &quot; come on . we &apos;re doing this today ; you always do what we do .
my brother said , &quot; well , let &apos;s do that today , we do that , but you do whatever we do .
my brother said , &quot; well , let &apos;s do that . today we do that , you do anything else we do .

es gibt also einige anatomische trennungen , die für mich sinn machen , und die wir , denke ich , behalten sollten .
so there are some anatomical divisions that make sense to me and that i think we should retain .
so there are some anatomic waste that are going to make sense of me , and that we think i should keep going .
so there are some anatomic separation that make sense of me , and that we think i should keep .

und hier , hier sieht er ein muster von bündeln , das ihn an die tansanische giraffe erinnert .
and here , here he sees a grouping pattern that reminds him of the tanzanian giraffe .
and here , here , he &apos;s looking at a pattern of bundles that reminds him of the twin attacks .
and here , he &apos;s looking at a pattern of bones that reminds it to the existing radar .

ganz wunderbar ist auch , wenn ich mit einem duo-partner auf der bühne stehe und wir haben die gleiche wellenlänge .
it &apos;s also really wonderful when i &apos;m on stage with my musical other half and we &apos;re on the same wavelength .
it &apos;s wonderful , even if i &apos;m standing with a dumb partner on the stage , and we have the same wavelength .
it &apos;s wonderful , if i stand with a stupid partner on the stage , and we have the same wavelength .

dann , nach ungefähr 30 sekunden , wird wieder gemischt und man hat eine neue buchstabenkombination und neue möglichkeiten auszuprobieren .
then , after about 30 seconds , it reshuffles , and you have a new set of letters and new possibilities to try .
then , after about 30 seconds , you &apos;re remixed , and you have a new combination of letters and new possibilities .
then , after about 30 seconds , again , and you &apos;ve got a new piece of letters and new possibilities .

das heißt , wenn man bei siebzig prozent erneuerbare ist , dann wird man das nicht ohne speicher machen können .
that means that if you &apos;re at seventy percent renewable energies , then you won &apos;t be able to do that without a reservoir .
that means , if you &apos;re in the seventh percent renewable , you &apos;re not going to be able to do that without any memory .
that means that if you &apos;re in seven-percent renewable , you &apos;re not going to make that without memory .

so ein anderes projekt , das aus von der französischen gruppe da aus paris , das hat geklappt , das ist ziemlich cool .
another project , that came from from the french group in paris , did work , and that &apos;s pretty cool .
so another project that &apos;s made from the french group out there from paris , which is made of piano , which is pretty cool .
so another project that came out of the french group of paris , that was very cool .

und doch , in diesem land von gewalt und chaos kann man ein verborgenes lachen hören , dass die bäume erschüttert .
yet , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear hidden laughter swaying the trees .
and yet , in this country of violence and chaos , you can hear a borrowing , that the trees shoot .
and yet , in this country of violence and chaos , you can hear a hidden laugh that the trees are shaped .

aber wenn sie biologischen evolution akzeptieren , bedenken sie folgendes : ist es nur über die vergangenheit , oder geht es auch um die zukunft ?
but if you do accept biological evolution , consider this : is it just about the past , or is it about the future ?
but if you accept biological evolution , do you think this : is it just about the past , or is it about the future ?
but if you accept biological evolution , think about this : is it just about the past , or is it about the future ?

tatsache ist , dass die medien es bevorzugen , uns negative themen zu zeigen , weil unser verstand genau diesen themen aufmerksamkeit schenkt .
the point is that the news media preferentially feeds us negative stories because that &apos;s what our minds pay attention to .
in fact , the media is preferred to prefer to show us negative subjects because our minds are paying attention to these issues .
the fact is that the media pretends to show us negative themes because our minds are the same thing about these themes .

entweder wird daraus eine klassische s-kurve wie hier , bis etwas völlig neues daherkommt , oder es wird das hier geschehen .
either it &apos;s going to turn into a sort of classical s-curve like this , until something totally different comes along , or maybe it &apos;s going to do this .
either it &apos;s going to be a classic curve like this , until something new is going to happen , or it &apos;s going to happen here .
either it &apos;s going to come up with a classic curve like this , until something completely new , or it &apos;s going to happen here .

sie haben mehr informationen über world of warcraft im internet zusammengetragen als über irgendein anderes thema in jedem anderen wiki der welt .
they have compiled more information about world of warcraft on the internet than any other topic covered on any other wiki in the world .
they have more information about the world of warcraft , in the internet than any other subject in any other wiki world .
they have more information about the world warning warning in the internet than any other topic in every other wiki in the world .

und im grunde , ist es ein system , das aus zwei teilen besteht – einem spürenden teil und einem reagierendenteil .
and basically , it &apos;s a system made of two components -- a sensing and an actuating component .
and basically , it &apos;s a system which is made out of two parts -- a part and a reacting , an infinite outcome .
and basically , it &apos;s a system that is made out of two parts -- a part and a reacting .

verarmten phantasie , eine kurzsichtige sicht der welt -- und dass ist die art wie ich es zuerst gelesen habe .
impoverished imagination , a myopic view of the world -- and that &apos;s the way i read it at first .
well , amphantasie , a short-term view of the world -- and that is the way i read it first .
misphasy , a short-term view of the world -- and that &apos;s the way i read it first .

ich fuhr darauf mit und wir machten erhebungen im ganzen südlichen südchinesischen meer und besonders in der javasee .
and i went sailing on it , and we did surveys throughout the southern south china sea and especially the java sea .
i went to that , and we did eradication all the southern south china and particularly in the javascular ocean .
and i went to this , and we did the whole south south chinese sea , and especially in the javasee .

am ende sandte er uns eine e-mail mit folgendem inhalt : &quot; zum ersten mal seit sieben jahren habe ich etwas gezeichnet .
so at the end of this , he sent us an email , and this is what the email said : &quot; that was the first time i &apos;ve drawn anything for seven years .
by the end of the sand , he was a email content with the content : &quot; for the first time , seven years , i recorded something .
at the end of the sand , he took us an email with the content , &quot; for the first time , i &apos;ve recorded something for seven years .

und so sagt jemand wie al gore , einer unserer großen helden , es gibt nichts wichtigeres , als die menschliche bevölkerung zu stabilisieren .
and so you have someone like al gore , one of our great heroes , saying : there is nothing more important than stabilising the human population .
and so someone like al gore , one of our great heroes , there &apos;s nothing more important than stabilizing the human population .
and so someone says al gore , one of our big heroes , there &apos;s nothing important to stabilize the human population .

und die katastrophen überall auf der welt haben in einem wirklich ausserordentlichen und vorher nie dagewesenen ausmass zugenommen .
and the disasters around the world have been increasing at an absolutely extraordinary and unprecedented rate .
and the disasters all over the world have really been disserted in a really extraordinary and never known before .
and the disasters around the world have actually taken out in a really extraordinary and never before .

ich trug meine beute zurück nach unten , wo ich an der haustür meinen erzfeind und den geliebten hund traf .
i carried my payload back downstairs where i met my nemesis and the precious dog by the front door .
i would go back to the bottom , where i would go to the front door and meet my enemy and meet the dog .
i carried back to the bottom , where i met at the door of my chunk and met the dog .

allein schon einen menschen achtlos als kind zu bezeichnen , könnte ausreichen , sie einzuschränken und ihnen vorstellungen überzustülpen .
by casually doing something as simple as naming a person , a child , we might be putting lids and casting shadows on their power .
just to draw an eighth of people as a child , could exclude them , and give them ideas of transmission .
just to give you an eighty as a child , it might be enough to confront them and to overcome them .

sie versetzten uns in die lage , dinge zu bauen , die größer waren als wir , gebäude , brücken , ein stein nach dem anderen .
they enabled us to to build things that were larger than us , buildings , bridges , one brick at a time .
they put us in the position of building things that were larger than we were , buildings , bridges , one stone after another .
they put us in the able to build things that were bigger than we , buildings , bridges , a stone after the other .

heute möchte ich ihnen das , was ich sonst musikalisch übersetze , also interpretiere , noch einmal in eine verbale sprache übersetzen .
today i &apos;d like to verbally translate what i usually translate into music , or interpret .
today , i want to share with you what i &apos;m going to translate with you as a musical joke , so i &apos;m going to interpret animals , again , into a verbal language .
today , i want to tell you what i &apos;m going to transfer to musicians , so i &apos;m interpreting animals , again , in a connected language .

und was passiert , wenn man ein stück heute spielt , das ursprünglich vor hundert , vor zweihundert oder gar vor dreihundert jahren geschrieben worden ist ?
and what happens when you play a piece today that was originally written a hundred , two hundred or even three hundred years ago ?
and what happens when you play a piece of play today that was originally written a hundred or 100 years ago or three years ago ?
and what happens when you play a piece of a piece today that was originally a hundred or a hundred or a hundred years ago .

wir haben heutzutage sehr schwierige auseinandersetzungen -- vielleicht nicht so öffentlich wie in der medizin -- über die frage , wann jemand tot ist .
we have very difficult conversations nowadays -- probably not out in the open as much as within medicine -- about the question of when somebody &apos;s dead .
we now have very difficult profiling -- maybe not publishing the same way in medicine -- about the question of when somebody is dead .
we now have very difficult conversations -- maybe not as opposed to medicine -- about the question when somebody &apos;s dead .

das sind über 580.000 buchstaben an genetischem code . es ist das größte molekül mit definierter struktur das jemals von menschen erschaffen wurde .
this is over 580,000 letters of genetic code ; it &apos;s the largest molecule ever made by humans of a defined structure .
this is over 580,000 letters of genetic code , and it &apos;s the largest molecule that has ever been created by humans .
this is over 580,000 letters of genetic code , and it &apos;s the biggest molecule in defined with the structure ever created by humans .

hier links unten ist eine gruppe in indonesien , house-of-natural-fibers heißt die , die gibt es aber schon ziemlich lange .
here in the bottom left there &apos;s a group in indonesia , house of natural fibers it &apos;s called , but they &apos;ve been around for quite some time .
on the lower left there is a group in indonesia , moonies of natural state , which is that there are quite a long time ago .
here on the left is a group in indonesia , housemicry marks , which means that there &apos;s quite a long time .

und es verbindet uns alle zusammen zu etwas , das viel grösser ist , und auch fähig ist sich schneller weiter zu entwickeln , als wir es bisher waren .
and it all connects us together into something that is much bigger and much faster and able to evolve than what we were before .
and it connects us all to together something that &apos;s much bigger , and it &apos;s also able to evolve faster than we &apos;ve been so far .
and it connects us all together , which is much bigger , and is able to evolve faster than we &apos;ve been .

ich bin politisch progressiv , ich verteidige menschen mit ungewöhnlichen körpern , aber ich muss zugeben , es macht mich nervös .
i &apos;m a political progressive , i defend people with unusual bodies , but i have to admit to you that it makes me nervous .
i &apos;m a political progressive , i defense people with unusual bodies , but i have to admit , it makes me nervous .
i &apos;m political progressive , i defense people with unusual physical bodies , but i have to admit it makes me nervous .

und ich habe oben in auf dem anderen bild eine vorlesung in in kopenhagen im medizinischen museum in kombination mit einer ausstellung zum thema .
and in this other image at the top i have a lecture in in copenhagen at the medical museion in combination with an exhibition on the topic .
and i got up in the other picture a lecture in copenhagen in the medical museum in the art museum .
and i &apos;ve got up on the top of the other image in copenhagen in copenhagen in the medical museum with an exhibition .

dies kindheitsritual wird zurückgebracht . man muss rausgehen , um in einem kapitel ein foto von einer blume zu machen und zu markieren .
so in bringing back this childhood ritual , you need to go out and , in one chapter , take a picture of a flower and then tag it .
this is being brought back in childhood , and you have to go out and take a picture of a picture of a flower and tag it .
this is a childhood ritual being brought back . you have to go out to make a picture of a flower to a flower and tag .

und das ist etwas , das durch die komplexität , mit der die menschen es verwenden , wächst und dessen nutzen für den benutzer mit der anwendung immer größer wird .
and this is something that grows in complexity as people use it , and whose benefits become greater to the users as they use it .
and this is something that is using the complexity that people are using , using it , using it for the user interface , is getting bigger .
and that &apos;s something that &apos;s used by the complexity of using the people who are using it , and it &apos;s used to use for the user using the use of the use .

und dann gab es diese momente – den teil werde ich nie vergessen – sie sagte , dass es augenblicke gab in denen sie es fast verpasste .
and then there were these times -- this is the piece i never forgot -- she said that there were moments where she would almost miss it , right ?
and then there were these moments -- the part i &apos;ll never forget -- she said that there were moments in which they were almost passing .
and then there were these moments -- the part i will never forget -- she said that there were eye expressions in which they were almost passing .

ich möchte , dass sie sich zwei paare vorstellen , mitte 1979 , am genau gleichen tag , im genau gleichen moment , jedes zeugt ein baby -- okay .
i want you to imagine two couples in the middle of 1979 on the exact same day , at the exact same moment , each conceiving a baby -- okay ?
i want you to imagine two couples , 1979 , on the same day , right at the same time , every moment , every baby -- okay .
i want you to imagine two pairs in 1979 , in the middle of 1979 , exactly the same day , at the same moment , every baby -- okay .

und ich frage mich , was sie wählen würden , weil ich meinen freunden in letzter zeit häufig diese frage gestellt habe , und sie wollten alle in die vergangenheit gehen .
and i wonder what you &apos;d choose , because i &apos;ve been asking my friends this question a lot lately and they all want to go back .
and i wonder what you would choose because i was putting my friends in the very last time in this question , and they all wanted to go to the past .
and i wonder what they would choose , because i asked my friends in the last time to ask this question , and they wanted to go all the past .

ich war derjenige , der jede woche in der jungentoilette grün und blau geschlagen wurde , bis eine lehrerin mein leben rettete .
i was the guy beaten up bloody every week in the boys &apos; room , until one teacher saved my life .
i was that one week that was devastating in the juvenile green and blue , until a teacher saved my life .
i was the one that every week was beaten in the virgin green and blue , until a teacher told my life .

sie nennen sich die älteren brüder und sagen , dass wir , die wir die jüngeren brüder sind , für die zerstörung der welt verantwortlich sind .
they call themselves the &quot; elder brothers &quot; and they say we , who are the younger brothers , are the ones responsible for destroying the world .
they call themselves the older brothers , and they say that we are the younger brothers that are responsible for the destruction of the world .
they call the older brothers and say that we are the younger brothers , for the destruction of the world .

sie können wissen , wie zufrieden jemand mit seinem leben ist , und das lehrt sie wirklich nicht viel darüber , wie glücklich er sein leben lebt und umgekehrt .
you can know how satisfied somebody is with their life , and that really doesn &apos;t teach you much about how happily they &apos;re living their life , and vice versa .
you can know how satisfied someone with his life , and that &apos;s what she really doesn &apos;t know about how happy he lives and vice versa .
you can know how satisfying someone with his life , and that &apos;s not really a lot about how happy he lives and lives .

und natürlich gibt es auch teams die viel mehr &quot; ta-da &quot; -gebilde haben und unter den besten sind frische absolventen des kindergartens .
and of course there are teams that have a lot more &quot; ta-da &quot; structures , and among the best are recent graduates of kindergarten .
and of course , there are also teams that have a lot more &quot; ta-&quot; educators , and under the best , the fresh venezuers of the child .
and of course , there &apos;s a lot of teams that have more than &quot; ta-word &quot; billboard , and under the best frozen lives of the child &apos;s children .

ich gehe ins untersuchungsgefängnis und besuche einen mandanten , der 13 oder 14 jahre alt sein mag , und der als erwachsener vor gericht stehen soll .
and i go to the jail and i see my client who &apos;s 13 and 14 , and he &apos;s been certified to stand trial as an adult .
i go to the investigative prison and visited a mandela who may be 13 years old or 14 years old , and the adult is supposed to be standing in front of him .
i &apos;m going to go to college and visit a mandela who might be 13 or 14 years old , and the adult is supposed to stand up .

und wenn sie in urlaub sind und jemand zusammenbricht , sei es ihre eigene verwandtschaft oder irgendjemand anders , können sie so einen aed finden .
that whenever you &apos;re on holiday and somebody collapses , might it be your own relative or someone just in front of you , you can find this .
and if you &apos;re in vacation , and someone collapses , it &apos;s your own relatives or somebody else &apos;s relations , you can find that kind of stuff .
and if you &apos;re in vacation , and somebody &apos;s breaking together , it &apos;s your own relativity or somebody else , you can find a aed .

wenn menschen freiheit haben , dann handelt jeder von uns für sich selbst um die dinge zu tun , die unser gemeinwohl maximieren und niemand hat für uns zu entscheiden .
and because if people have freedom , then each of us can act on our own to do the things that will maximize our welfare , and no one has to decide on our behalf .
if people have freedom , then each one of us is about doing things that our shared maximity and nobody has to decide .
if people have freedom , each of us is to do things for ourselves to do the things that we need to do , and no one has to decide for us .

ich denke , wir würden alle die stimmung , die woody allen zum ausdruck brachte verstehen , als er sagte : &quot; ich möchte nicht unsterblichkeit durch meine arbeit zu erreichen .
i think we would all understand the sentiment that woody allen expressed when he said , &quot; i don &apos;t want to achieve immortality through my work .
i think we &apos;d all be able to understand the mood of all of the expression as he said , &quot; i don &apos;t want to reach my work through my work .
i think we would all be able to understand the mood of all the time he said , &quot; i don &apos;t want to achieve immortality through my work .

bei den nächsten planmäßigen wahlen , gewann pepe lobo in einem umschwung , dessen programm sowohl neuerungen , als auch schlichtung versprach .
at the next regularly scheduled election , pepe lobo won in a landslide on a platform that promised reform , but reconciliation as well .
the next frontier of large-scale elections , pelobo lobo in a gay program , both newspapers and foreseen .
in the next planner , won peacubo in a pig , whose program both recommendation and reconciliation .

und jetzt gebe ich ihnen ein paar sekunden um sie zu lesen und danach bitte ich sie zu klatschen , wenn sie bereit sind gary &apos; s angebot anzunehmen .
and now i &apos;ll give you a few seconds to read it and then i want you to clap your hands if you &apos;re ready to take gary up on his offer .
and now i &apos;m going to give you a couple of seconds to read them , and then i ask you to clap them if you &apos;re ready to take gary &apos;s job .
and now i &apos;m going to give you a few seconds to read them , and then i ask you to clap you when you &apos;re ready to take gary .

weil es 50 investmentfonds sind , die zur auswahl stehen , ist es so schwer zu entscheiden welchen man wählen soll , dass sie es auf morgen aufschieben .
because with 50 funds to choose from , it &apos;s so damn hard to decide which fund to choose that you &apos;ll just put it off until tomorrow .
because it &apos;s 50 investment fonds , which are the choice for choice , it &apos;s so hard to choose what you want them to shoot it in the morning .
because it &apos;s 50 investments that are elected to choice , it &apos;s so hard to decide what you &apos;re supposed to pick it up tomorrow .

und auch wenn die antwort zu der frage &quot; nein , &quot; ist wird es sicherlich ihre erfahrung des fussballspiels ihres kindes prägen sehr anders als es gewesen wäre .
and even if the answer to the question is &quot; no , &quot; it &apos;s certainly going to make the experience of your kid &apos;s soccer game very different than it would &apos;ve been .
and also , if the answer to the question , &quot; no , &quot; it &apos;s certainly going to be your experience of your child &apos;s game in a very different way than it was .
and even if the answer to the question , &quot; no , &quot; it &apos;s certainly going to be your experience of the football game of your child &apos;s footage as it was very different .

was sie zurückwiesen war ein anatomisches konzept , und sie ersetzten es durch ein anderes , das radikal und schön war , und 200 jahre für uns maßgeblich war .
what they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and held us for 200 years .
what she was promoting was a anatomic concept , and she was doing it by another radical and beautiful , and for 200 years , it was scary for us .
what she was rejected was an anatomic concept , and she put it through another , which was radical and beautiful , and 200 years for us .

aber neueste dna-beweise zeigen , dass die etrusker , die später das römische reich bildeten , die gleiche dna wie die alten lydier aufweisen .
but recently , dna evidence has shown that the etruscans , who then led to the roman empire , actually share the same dna as the ancient lydians .
but nevertheless evidence that the etrushes , later , the roman empirical empire , shown the same dna as the old poetry .
but neural evidence show that the etrators that later , later , the tumist empire , the same dna as the old lythier .

es gibt eine reihe von leuten , die viel mehr &quot; uh-oh &quot; -momente haben als andere , und unter den schlechtesten sind frische bwl-absolventen .
so there are a number of people who have a lot more &quot; uh-oh &quot; moments than others , and among the worst are recent graduates of business school .
there &apos;s a number of people who have a lot more uh-uh-oh moments than others , and under the worst , they &apos;re the most beautiful bust venues .
there &apos;s a series of people who have much more &quot; uh-oh , &quot; moments than others , and under the worst , frozen whales are frared .

aber das hier hält mich nachts wach -- eines der dinge , die mich nachts wach halten . wir haben wissenschaftlichen fortschritt noch nie so dringend gebraucht wie jetzt , noch nie ,
but here &apos;s the thing that keeps me up at night -- one of the things that keeps me up at night : we &apos;ve never needed progress in science more than we need it right now . never .
but this is what keeps me here at night -- one of the things that kept me at night , and we &apos;ve never really used to think of science in the way that we &apos;ve never been doing .
but this is what i &apos;m going to wake up at night -- one of the things that i &apos;m waking at night , and we have never needed scientific progress in the night .

an dieser stelle und wenn sie lachen , erkennen sie , wie wichtig diese lüge ist und wie viel zeit sie brauchen , um etwas zu erfahren , was künstler sehr gut uns mitteilen können .
at this point and if you &apos;re laughing , you &apos;ll recognize how important this lie is and how much time you need to experience what artists are very good at telling us .
and at that point , if you laugh , you can see how important this gap is , and how much time it takes to learn something , what artists can do very good to share with us .
and in this place , if you laugh , you can see how important this lie is , and how much time you need to learn something to know what artists can share very well .

die andere note sagt , ob wir die null-emissionen technologie einsetzen , ob sie in allen entwickelten ländern eingesetzt ist und wir auf dem weg sind , sie zu dem rest zu bekommen .
so , the other grade is : are we deploying this zero-emission technology , have we deployed it in all the developed countries and we &apos;re in the process of getting it elsewhere ?
the other note is whether we use the zero emissions , whether they &apos;re used in all countries , and we &apos;re on the way to get them to the rest .
the other note says we &apos;re using the zero-carbon emissions , whether it &apos;s used in all developed countries , and we &apos;re on the way to get them to the rest .

in den letzten 100 jahren hat sich die durchschnittliche lebenserwartung mehr als verdoppelt , das an die inflation angepasste durchschnittseinkommen der weltbevölkerung hat sich verdreifacht .
over the last hundred years , the average human lifespan has more than doubled , average per capita income adjusted for inflation around the world has tripled .
in the last 100 years , average life expectancy has doubled more than doubled the inflation of the average income average income of the world &apos;s population has tripled .
in the last 100 years , the average life expectancy has been doubling more than doubling , which has tripled to the average income of the world &apos;s population .

ich habe vor kurzem eine umfrage mit über 2.000 amerikanern gemacht und die durchschnittliche anzahl von entscheidungen , die angabegemäß ein typischer amerikaner an einem tag macht ist 70 .
i recently did a survey with over 2,000 americans , and the average number of choices that the typical american reports making is about 70 in a typical day .
i recently did a survey with over 2,000 americans over 2,000 americans , and the average number of decisions , which is the angabomas a typical american day .
i recently made a question about 25,000 americans , and the average number of decisions , the angular americans are a typical american day .

tja , ich hoffe , dass sie mir darin zustimmen , dass spieler menschliche ressourcen sind , die wir zur arbeit im echten leben einsetzen können , und dass spiele eine große bedeutung für veränderung haben .
well i hope that you will agree with me that gamers are a human resource that we can use to do real-world work , that games are a powerful platform for change .
well , i hope that you agree with me , that players are human resources that we can use to real life in real life , and that games have a big meaning for change .
well , i hope that you agree with me that people are human resources that we can use to work in real life , and that games have a great meaning for change .

ich habe einige leute die anzahl der bücher zählen lassen , die mit &quot; happiness &quot; im titel in den letzten fünf jahren veröffentlicht wurden und sie gaben nach ungefähr 40 auf , und es gab noch viel mehr .
i had somebody count the number of books with &quot; happiness &quot; in the title published in the last five years and they gave up after about 40 , and there were many more .
i &apos;ve had some people who have had the number of books who have been released with &quot; title &quot; in the last five years , and they spent about 40 , and there was a lot more .
i &apos;ve got some people who are counting the number of books that were published in the last five years , and they gave them about 40 years , and there were much more .

das offizielle dogma funktioniert so : wenn unser ziel das maximieren des gemeinwohls unserer bürger ist , geht dies vor allem durch die maximierung der freiheit des einzelnen .
and the official dogma runs like this : if we are interested in maximizing the welfare of our citizens , the way to do that is to maximize individual freedom .
the official dogma works like this : if our goal is the maximizing of our citizens &apos; well-being , this is mostly through the maximizing freedom of the individuals .
the official dogma works like this : when our goal is the maximics of our citizens , this is all about the maximics of freedom .

aber es dauert meistens bis sie die pubertät erreicht und ihre brüste wachsen und sich entwickeln , sie aber nicht ihre periode bekommt , bis jemand darauf kommt , dass hier etwas anders ist .
and it &apos;s often not until she hits puberty and she &apos;s growing and developing breasts , but she &apos;s not getting her period , that somebody figures out something &apos;s up here .
but it &apos;s mostly until they get the puberty and their breasts grow , and they develop , but they don &apos;t get their periodic table until someone gets to that there &apos;s something different here .
but it takes mostly until you get the puberty and grow your brothers , but it doesn &apos;t get your periode , until someone comes to it , that there &apos;s something different .

aber dann könnte das ganze nur eine 3d wolke aus bildpunkten sein , auf die sie zugehen können und durch die sie sich hindurch bewegen , die sie aus vielen , vielen richtungen betrachten können .
but then the whole thing can be just a 3d cloud of pixels that you can approach and move through it and see from many , many directions .
but then the whole thing could be just a 3d cloud of points that you can go to , and move through them , move through them , that you can look at many , many directions .
but then it could be just a 3d cloud of imagery that you can go to and move through them through , which you can look out of many directions .

ich habe den eindruck , dass wenn wir urlaub machen das sehr häufig der fall ist , das heißt , wir machen urlaub weitestgehend im dienste des erinnernden selbst .
i have that sense that when we go on vacations this is very frequently the case ; that is , we go on vacations , to a very large extent , in the service of our remembering self .
i have the impression that , if we make vacation , it &apos;s very often the case , which is , we make vaccination in the revenues of memory itself .
i have the impression that if we do it very often , it &apos;s very often the case of the case , that &apos;s called , we &apos;re going to make urrence on the test of the memory itself .

die unterscheidung zwischen dem glück des erlebenden selbst und der zufriedenheit des erinnernden selbst ist in den letzten jahren erkannt worden , und jetzt bemüht man sich , die beiden separat zu messen .
the distinction between the happiness of the experiencing self and the satisfaction of the remembering self has been recognized in recent years , and there are now efforts to measure the two separately .
the distinction between the happiness of the living self and the satisfaction of the happiness itself has been recognized in the last years , and now you &apos;re trying to measure the two .
the distinction between the happiness of life itself and the satisfaction of memory itself has been recognized in the last few years , and now you &apos;re trying to measure the two .

ich kam also mit dem bedürfnis , einfach nur einen scheck auszustellen und stattdessen stellte ich einen scheck aus , von dem ich nicht die leiseste ahnung hatte , wie ich ihn einlösen sollte .
so i showed up with the desire to just write a check , and instead , i wrote a check that i had no freaking idea how i was going to cash .
so i came up with the need , just putting a check out , and instead i put a check out of the box that i didn &apos;t know how to solve it .
so i came up with the need of the need to just put a check and instead i made a check out of which i didn &apos;t know how to solve it .

darum wurde ich von dem präsidenten von honduras gebeten , der meinte , dass wir dieses projekt verwirklichen müssen , dass es wichtig ist , und dass dies der weg ist unser land voran zu bringen .
so i was asked by the president of honduras who said that we need to do this project , this is important , this could be the way forward for our country .
that &apos;s why i was asked by the president of honduras , who meant that we need to be doing this project , that it &apos;s important , and that this is the way we bring our country forward .
that &apos;s why i was asked by the president of honduras who meant that we need to do this project , that it &apos;s important , and that this is the way to bring our land .

es sei denn , man ist sehr kurz vor einem kostendurchbruch und finanziert nur noch die lernkurve . ich glaube wir sollten mehr dinge versuchen , die das potential haben , sehr viel günstiger zu sein .
unless you &apos;re very close and you &apos;re just funding the learning curve and it &apos;s going to get very cheap , i believe we should try more things that have a potential to be far less expensive .
it &apos;s because , you know , you &apos;re very , very briefly , and you &apos;re just funding the learning curve , and i think we should try to do more things that have the potential to be very cheaper .
it &apos;s because you &apos;re very short in front of a free breakthrough , and only the learning curve , and i think we should have more things that have the potential to be very cheap .

natürlich beschäftigen sich die gestalter nicht nur mit dem thema wahrnehmungen und neuronale verarbeitungen oder kognitionsergonomie , sondern primär natürlich mit dem thema der mensch-objekt-beziehung .
of course designers don &apos;t only look at the topic of perceptions and neural processes or cognitive ergonomics , but primarily at the topic of the relationship between man and object of course .
of course , the age of age is not just about perceptual and neural processing or cognition , but , of course , of course , the theme of the human-object relationship .
of course , the age of age is not just about the subject and neural processing or cognitive seromics , but of course , primarily with the humanity of humanity .

mit anderen worten haben sie in dieser geistlosen , evolutionären art einen weg gefunden , der ihnen erlaubte , niederzuschreiben woraus sie bestanden , so dass diese information gespeichert und kopiert werden konnte .
so in other words , they worked out , in this mindless sort of evolutionary way , a form of writing that let them write down what they were , so that that way of writing it down could get copied .
in other words , you &apos;ve found in this mental , evolutionary way , a way that allowed you to write defeat , which is , in fact , that this information could be copied and copied .
in other words , they found in this mental , evolutionary way , a way that allowed them to write devastating them , so that this information could be sucked and copied .

von einem evolutionären standpunkt aus , sind sie und ich wie booster raketen entwickelt , um die genetische fracht in die nächste stufe der umlaufbahn zu schicken , um sich dann ins meer fallen zu lassen .
from an evolutionary point of view , you and i are like the booster rockets designed to send the genetic payload into the next level of orbit and then drop off into the sea .
and from a evolutionary standpoint , they &apos;re made of , and i developed like boats to send the genetic fragile into the next step of the trailing trajectory to fall into the sea .
from a evolutionary standpoint of view , they &apos;re like facebook rockets to send the genetic fragile to the next stage in the next step , to fall into the ocean .

man kann durch &apos; n smart-grid , man kann durch ausbau der netze , ja , das sollte man auf jeden fall auch tun , den anteil erhören , aber man wird niemals auf speicher komplett verzichten können .
you can heed the share by using one of these smart grids , by developing the networks , yes , that should definitely be done , but you &apos;ll never be able to do without the reservoir completely .
you can use it through the smartest , and you can use it through the nest maintenance , which is , you should do it in any case , you can hear the proportion , but you &apos;re never going to be able to do it completely .
you can go through the smartphone , you can build through the nest maintenance , yes , you should do it in any case , the share of your share , but you &apos;re never going to be able to be able to restored .

und was wir uns ansahen , war ob die anzahl der fondsangebote , die ein einem rentensparplan möglich waren , der 401 plan , die wahrscheinlichkeit beeinflusst , ob mehr für morgen gespart wird .
and what we looked at was whether the number of fund offerings available in a retirement savings plan , the 401 plan , does that affect people &apos;s likelihood to save more for tomorrow .
and what we looked at was whether the number of fonds that were going to be a retirement plan , which was possible by the 401 plan , whether the probability of tomorrow is going to be saved for tomorrow .
and what we looked at was whether the number of fongments that were able to be a routine plan , the 401 plan , the probability of whether more tomorrow is going to be healthy .

ich hatte einen daumen , ich hatte 85 dollar , und es schlug mich nach san francisco in kalifornien – ich fand einen liebhaber – und damals in den 80ern fand ich es wichtig eine arbeit bei aids-organisationen aufzunehmen .
i had a thumb , i had 85 dollars , and i ended up in san francisco , california -- met a lover -- and back in the &apos; 80s , found it necessary to begin work on aids organizations .
i had a thumb , i had 85 dollars , and it took me to san francisco in california -- i found a lover , and back in the &apos; 80s , i found it very important to go to your aids organizations .
i had a thumb , i had 85 dollars , and it suggested me to san francisco in california -- i found a lover -- and then in the &apos; 80s , i found a work in aids organizations .

vor dem hintergrund habe ich mich eben damit beschäftigt zu gucken , was heißt es denn eigentlich , was ist für uns noch natürlich , was haben wir vielleicht auch verlernt , was ist für uns aber auch instinktiv , also was macht den unterschied aus ?
against that background i looked into what this means , what is still natural to us , what have we perhaps forgotten , and what is instinctive for us , so what difference does it make ?
so , before the background , i &apos;ve just begun to look at what it means , because what is actually , for us , of course , what we might have been doing , what is the instinctively for us , but also instinctively , what makes the difference ?
so before the background , i &apos;m going to look at what it means , because , in fact , what &apos;s true for us , of course , what we might have lost education for us , but also instinctively , what makes the difference ?

okay ? da waren wir und kämpften uns durch die feuchtgebiete und ich keuche und schwitze , habe matsch bis zu meinen knien , und miguel hält in ruhe eine biologievorlesung .
okay ? there we are slogging through the wetlands , and i &apos;m panting and sweating , got mud up to my knees , and miguel &apos;s calmly conducting a biology lecture .
okay ? we were there , and we were struggling with the wetlands , and i was swimming and joking , makemia to my kneel , and miguel rugging into a biologically reader .
okay ? we were there , and we were fighting through the wetlands and i &apos;m going to swim and swimming , mature to my knee , and benigh is holding a bike .

wenn sie diese vorstellung haben , dass man also in der natur irgendwie getrieben wird , determiniert wird , von den größeren haufen , die einen sofort anziehen , dann haben sie auch schnell das gefühl , dass es so etwas wie einen freien willen geben muss .
if you imagine this , that in nature you are somehow driven , determined by the larger haystack that immediately attracts you , you will also quickly have the feeling that there must be something like a free will .
so if you have this idea that you are somehow driven in nature , it &apos;s driven by the big pile that &apos;s going to immediately attract you , it &apos;s going to have a sense of what &apos;s going to be like .
so if you have this idea that you &apos;re kind of pushed in nature , you &apos;re defined by the larger pile , which you have to pull out immediately , you also have to feel that it has to be a free will be .

vielleicht haben sie tatsächlich ihr volk durch spielen gerettet , indem sie sich 18 jahre lang in spiele geflüchtet haben und dann diese eingebung hatten und so viel über das miteinander spielen lernten , dass sie dadurch die gesamte zivilisation gerettet haben .
they might have actually saved their culture by playing games , escaping to games for 18 years , and then been so inspired , and knew so much about how to come together with games , that they actually saved the entire civilization that way .
and you might actually play a lot of their people through tomato where they &apos;ve been working for 18 years , and then they &apos;ve got these refugees , and they &apos;ve learned to play with each other so much to learn that they &apos;ve saved the entire civilization .
maybe they actually saved their people by playing by playing 18 years in games for 18 years , and then they had so much about playing with each other , so they learned the whole civilization .

das heißt , man hat sich gefunden , dadurch dass man eine gemeinsame sprache gesprochen hat , konnte man miteinander kommunizieren , ist in die gleiche höhle gezogen oder in andere bereiche , hat städte gebildet oder dörfer und hat so &apos; nen stammesgesellschaft sozusagen kreiert .
that means people related to each other because they spoke the same language , they were able to communicate with each other , move into the same cave or another place together , build cities and villages and basically created this tribal society .
that means you &apos;ve found that you could communicate with a common language , you could communicate with one another , you &apos;d be pulled into the same cave or the other cities or the villages , or the villages , and that &apos;s how the tribal society works .
that means that you &apos;ve found that you &apos;ve talked about a common language , you could communicate with each other , you &apos;ve moved in the same cave , or in other areas , or you know , cities , or villages and so forth .

und so erhalte ich von der stadt einen ganz anderen anblick , einen ganz anderen eindruck , nämlich ich sehe negative und positive zonen einer stadt und erhalte so auf diese art und weise eine ganz andere , virtuelle landkarte von einer sehr realen stadt .
and so i can have a very different view of the city , a very different impression , because i see negative and positive zones of a city and , in this way , have a very different , virtual map of a very real city .
and so , i think , from the city , a completely different view , a very different impression , because i see a negative and positive city , and i consider this in a way , and in a very different way , a virtual map of a city .
and so i think of the city a very different view , a very different impression , which i see negative and positive electrons of a city and a way of being in this way , a different kind of virtual map of a very real city .

angenommen sie leben in einer bestimmten abgelegenen gegend und sie haben einen geliebten menschen mit verstopften herzkranzgefäßen und ihr hausarzt überweist diesen zu einem kardiologen , dessen durchschnittsleistung bei gefäßdarstellung bei 200 liegt .
now suppose you live in a certain part of a certain remote place and you have a loved one who has blockages in two coronary arteries and your family doctor refers that loved one to a cardiologist who &apos;s batting 200 on angioplasties .
imagine living in a particular remote area , and they loved a beloved person with cardiac heart disease , and they transferred their doctor to a cardiologist , whose average performance is depicted at 200 feet .
suppose you live in a certain remote area , and you have a loved people with heart disease , and you have your homeowned doctor to a cardiac whose average performance is at 200 times .

was , wenn wir diese situation umdrehen könnten und das internet auf den kopf stellen , so dass wir anstatt immer von einem zum anderen zu gehen , beginnen von vielen dingen zu vielen dingen gehen zu können , und dadurch muster erkennen , welche ansonsten verborgen geblieben wären ?
what if we can actually turn that upside down and turn the web upside down , so that instead of navigating from one thing to the next , we get used to the habit of being able to go from many things to many things , and then being able to see the patterns that were otherwise hidden ?
what if we could turn these situation around , and put the internet on its head , so that instead of going from one to another , we can start to go from many of the many things to many things , and by realizing which ones would be ubiquitous .
what if we could turn this situation up and put the internet on the head , so that instead of always going from one to another , to start to go from many things to many things to many things , and see patterns that would love .

weil es mir egal ist , ob es der gesundheitsminister ist , der sagt : &quot; hmm , ich werde die belege meiner experten zu mammographie nicht annehmen &quot; oder irgendein krebs-quacksalber , der seinen patienten mit kaffe-einläufen behandeln will .
because i don &apos;t care if it &apos;s the secretary of hhs who &apos;s saying , &quot; hmm , i &apos;m not going to take the evidence of my experts on mammograms , &quot; or some cancer quack who wants to treat his patient with coffee enemas .
because it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s the minister of health , who says , &quot; hmm , i &apos;m going to accept the evidence of my mammography or &quot; some creator , the creator who wants to treat his patients with caffs .
because it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s the minister of health , says , &quot; hmm , i &apos;m not going to take the evidence of my mammography , &quot; or some creator saltfish who wants to treat his patients with caffs .

ich glaube nämlich , dass die interaktiven medien in uns archaische , kognitive modelle adressieren , also denkmuster , die in unserem biologischen gedächtnis vor sehr , sehr langer zeit einprogrammiert worden sind und dass wir die eben gerade durch interaktive medien wieder hervorrufen können .
i think that interactive media address archaic , cognitive models in us , in other words thought patterns that were programmed into our biological memory a very , very long time ago and can be elicited through interactive media .
because i think that the interactive media in the archaic , cognitive computer address , so paradigm , paradigm in our biological memory has been programmed very , very long time ago , and that we can now extend the media through media .
now , i think that the interactive media in us , cognitive models , cognitive models , so patterns , patterns that have been programmed in our biological memory very long , very long time , and that we &apos;re just able to reform the interactive media .

was wir aus kulturübergreifenden studien erfahren haben , ist , dass frauen , im durchschnitt -- nicht jede , aber im durchschnitt -- eher dazu neigen komplexen sozialen beziehungen und der fürsorge für menschen , die innerhalb der gruppe verwundbar sind , sehr viel aufmerksamkeit zu geben .
and what we know from cross-cultural studies is that females , on average -- not everyone , but on average -- are more inclined to be very attentive to complex social relations and to taking care of people who are basically vulnerable within the group .
what we have learned from overwhelming studies is that women , on average -- not every one , but on average -- tend to be more complex social relations , and the people within the group , are very vulnerable , very much attention .
what we &apos;ve learned from cultural studies is that women , in average -- not any average , but in average -- tend to be more complex social relations and worry about people who are in the group , are very careful to give you a lot of attention .

wissen sie , der genozid , das phyische aussterben von menschen wird allgemein verurteilt , aber der ethnozid , die zerstörung der lebensweise der menschen , wird nicht nur nicht verurteilt , sondern allgemein und vielerorts als teil einer entwicklungsstrategie gefeiert .
you know , genocide , the physical extinction of a people is universally condemned , but ethnocide , the destruction of people &apos;s way of life , is not only not condemned , it &apos;s universally , in many quarters , celebrated as part of a development strategy .
you know , the genocide , the physical extinction of people is going to be convicted by people , but the ethnicity of ethnicity , the destruction of living people , not only is not convicted , but in general , and in a lot of fundamental strategy , as a strategy .
you know , the genocide , the physical extinction , the physical extinction of people is empowered by general , but the ethnowhere , the destruction of life , the destruction of life , is not only being convicted , but not only in general , but my general and a part of a strategy .

der hauptgrund hierfür ist , dass wir es vielleicht geniessen uns diese riesigen regale voller mayonaise , senf , essig und marmelade anzusehen , aber wir faktisch nicht die vergleiche und abgrenzungen ziehen können und dann tatsächlich etwas aus dem fantastischen angebot wählen können .
the main reason for this is because , we might enjoy gazing at those giant walls of mayonnaises , mustards , vinegars , jams , but we can &apos;t actually do the math of comparing and contrasting and actually picking from that stunning display .
the main reason for this is that we might be enjoying this great , full of ratios , vericks , verify , and march meline , but we don &apos;t see the same measurement , and then we can actually choose something from the fantastic shop .
the main reason for this is that maybe we enjoy this huge shelf of mayonia , senior , senior , senior and marg and march , but we can &apos;t move the same , and then we can actually choose something that &apos;s really amazing .

und dann kam die renaissance und alles änderte sich . wir hatten diese große idee . und diese große idee war : lasst uns das menschliche individuum ins zentrum des universums stellen – über alle götter und mysterien . und es gibt keinen raum mehr für mystische kreaturen , die befehle vom göttlichen annehmen .
and then the renaissance came and everything changed , and we had this big idea , and the big idea was let &apos;s put the individual human being at the center of the universe above all gods and mysteries , and there &apos;s no more room for mystical creatures who take dictation from the divine .
and then the renaissance came and changed everything . we had this big idea . and this big idea was : let &apos;s put the human individual in the center of the universe -- about gods and mystery . and there &apos;s no more room for mystical creatures that are susceptible .
and then the renaissance and everything changed . we had this great idea . and this great idea was : let &apos;s put the human individual in the universe to the center of the universe -- all of the gods and mysteries , and there &apos;s no space for mycelium .

mit der totalen transparenz , was das neue denken ist , was auf das alte denken knallt , sag ja nicht , dass in der lasagne pferdefleisch und kein rindfleisch mehr ist oder andere phänomene , nämlich ich will das gerade eben vertuschen und will das gar kundtun .
with its complete transparency , which is the new kind of thinking that clashes with the old kind of thinking : don &apos;t say that there &apos;s now horse meat in the lasagne and not beef or other phenomena , because i want to cover that up and not confess to it .
so , with the total transparency transparency , which is the new thinking that the old thinking on the old button , is not that in the laser agent , and not a beef , is more meat , or other phenomena , that i just want to get the tutor and do that .
now , with the total transparency of what the new thinking is , what the new thinking is , what &apos;s on the old button , is not saying that in the laser cerebral and not a meat , it &apos;s no longer a meat , or other fruit , because i just want to do that , and that &apos;s what i want to do .

die neolithische revolution , die uns die landwirtschaft brachte , und uns in diesem moment dem kult des saatkorns unterwarf , die poesie des schamanen durch die prosa der priesterschaft ersetzte und hierarchie , spezialisierung und überschuss schuf -- fand vor lediglich 10.000 jahren statt .
the neolithic revolution -- which gave us agriculture , at which time we succumbed to the cult of the seed ; the poetry of the shaman was displaced by the prose of the priesthood ; we created hierarchy specialization surplus -- is only 10,000 years ago .
and the neolithic revolution that brought us the agriculture , and in that moment , the cult of the koran threatening , the poetry of the prosthetics of the proprietary revolution , and the hierarchy and overwhelmingly , was found only 10,000 years ago .
the neolithic revolution , which brought us to agriculture , and in this moment of the secular corn , the poetry of the koran , the poetry of the poetry of the anesthesia , through the proposal of the pink and the archastery and the archy , and i found it just 10,000 years ago -- was just 10,000 years ago .

nun heutzutage , benötigen sie , wenn sie ein rennen gewinnen wollen , tatsächlich so etwas wie dieses hier – etwas was das auto in echtzeit überwacht , einige tausend sensoren hat , die informationen aus dem auto , diese informationen an das system weitergeben und sie dann verarbeiten und diese dann nutzen um diesem auto entscheidungen zurück zu senden und dinge in echtzeit verändern während information gesammelt werden .
now today , if you want to win the race , actually you need also something like this -- something that monitors the car in real time , has a few thousand sensors collecting information from the car , transmitting this information into the system , and then processing it and using it in order to go back to the car with decisions and changing things in real time as information is collected .
now , nowadays , if you want to win a race , in fact , something like this -- something that &apos;s in the car real-time sensors , some sensors that have sensors from the car , and then give that information to the system to go on and then use that car to real-time and then reconcile that car and then real-time real-time things into information .
now , today , you need , if you want to win a race , in fact , something like this -- something that has overwhelmed the car in real time , some thousand sensors that have information from the car , and then you &apos;re going to use this system , and then you &apos;re going to use this car to make things back and change in real time .

margaret mead , die große anthropologin sagte bevor sie starb , dass es ihre größte angst ist , dass während wir uns in richtung einer faden , gestaltlosen , generischen weltsicht bewegen , wir nicht nur die gesamte bandbreite der menschlichen vorstellungskraft auf eine eingeengte denkweise reduziert sehen würden , sondern dass wir eines tages aus einem traum aufwachen , und vergessen haben , dass es jemals anderen möglichkeiten gab .
margaret mead , the great anthropologist , said , before she died , that her greatest fear was that as we drifted towards this blandly amorphous generic world view not only would we see the entire range of the human imagination reduced to a more narrow modality of thought , but that we would wake from a dream one day having forgotten there were even other possibilities .
margaret mead , the great anthropologist said before she died , it &apos;s her greatest fear that , while we &apos;re going to go to the bottom , we &apos;re going to move around the world , we &apos;re not going to move the whole range of human imagination in a way , but we &apos;re going to see that we &apos;ve forgotten a dream for a day , and we &apos;ve ever forgotten other possibilities .
margaret margarad , the great anthropologist , before she said that it was the biggest fear that as we move in a direction , we move around the world , we don &apos;t just move the whole range of human imagination to a imagination , but that we would never forget that one day , ever , have a dream of a dream .

ich werde meine abschließenden worte einem englischen wissenschaftler überlassen . humphrey davy , der , wie ich vermute , als er die nutzlosen experimente seines lehrlings verteidigte , sein lehrling war michael faraday , folgendes sagte : &quot; nichts ist so gefährlich für die entwicklung des menschlichen geistes , als anzunehmen , dass unsere wissenschaftlichen vorstellungen endgültig sind , dass es keine mysterien in der natur gibt , dass unsere triumphe vollzählig sind , und dass es keine neuen welten zu erobern gibt . &quot;
i will leave the final word to an english scientist , humphrey davy , who , i suspect , when defending his protege &apos;s useless experiments -- his protege was michael faraday -- said this , &quot; nothing is so dangerous to the progress of the human mind than to assume that our views of science are ultimate , that there are no mysteries in nature , that our triumphs are complete , and that there are no new worlds to conquer . &quot;
i &apos;m going to let my words go to a english scientist . humphrey daddy , who , i suspect , as he used to depict the experiments of his defense curriculum , was michael faraday , said , &quot; nothing is so dangerous for human mind than the human mind , that our scientific concepts are notions , that there are no mysteries in nature , that our mysteries are not mysterious , that we are not complete , that our own conquest and that there are no conquest to be . &quot;
i &apos;m going to leave my final words to a english scientist . humphony dawn , who i suspect , as he used to be the useless experiments of his defense , michael hunter-day , who said , &quot; nothing is so dangerous for human spirit , that our scientific thinking is not that there &apos;s no mystery of the world . &quot;

einfach das wissen , dass jaguar-schamanen noch immer jenseits der milchstraße reisen oder die bedeutung der mythen der ältesten der inuit noch voller bedeutung sind , oder dass im himalaya die buddhisten noch immer den atem des dharma verfolgen , bedeutet , sich die zentrale offenbarung der anthropologie ins gedächtnis zu rufen , das ist der gedanke , dass die welt , in der wir leben , nicht in einem absoluten sinn existiert , sondern nur als ein modell der realität , als eine folge einer gruppe von bestimmten möglichkeiten der anpassung die unsere ahnen , wenngleich erfolgreich , vor vielen generationen wählten .
just to know that jaguar shamans still journey beyond the milky way , or the myths of the inuit elders still resonate with meaning , or that in the himalaya , the buddhists still pursue the breath of the dharma , is to really remember the central revelation of anthropology , and that is the idea that the world in which we live does not exist in some absolute sense , but is just one model of reality , the consequence of one particular set of adaptive choices that our lineage made , albeit successfully , many generations ago .
now , one of the things that &apos;s really important is that if you look at the evolution of a lot of the observations of the observation , the way you think about it , in which the case of the observation is not just about the hustles of life , you know , the mindset of the equity in the world is not just about the humidity of the non-lethal way , which is that the world , of which is part of the observation , but also known as the observations of the observation , that we are still part of the case of the observations of the observations of the country , of the huest of the observation , the hut , that we are still , that are still , that we don &apos;t think of the hustling any species that we are still matter of the hur &amp; lt ; or the defense , of the hut , of the world &apos;s not only
now , the most proliferation of the world is that , in fact , the most significant sense of the world , the most proliferation of the world , the most proliferation of the world , the most confrontiers , are still the most significant , the most significant , the world , the most confrontal of the world , the exceptions that we don &apos;t know that it &apos;s still alive , the most significant , or the world , or the most significant , the world , the most inheritant of the most of the most of the most of the world , the most inheritage of the world , the most degrace of the world , the most devastatement of the most conies of the women , are still , the most of the souls , the souls , the first thing , the world , the first thing that we know that we still in a bit of the most inland of the animals ,

