první snahy už nenápadně probíhají .
such efforts are getting discretely underway .
the first efforts are not being made at all .
the first efforts are no longer under way .

experiment je zde správný výraz .
experiment is the right word here .
the experiment here is the right expression .
experiment is the right expression here .

to však bude vyžadovat změnu přístupu ecb .
but this will require a shift in the ecb &apos;s attitude .
however , this will require a change in the ecb &apos;s approach .
however , this will require a change in the ecb approach .

jen uvažme spojené státy .
consider the united states .
let us only consider the united states .
we are only thinking of the united states .

západ proti všem ?
the west versus the rest ?
the west against all ?
does the west oppose all of us ?

my francouzi jsme proti vytváření <unk> dvourychlostní &quot; evropy .
we french are opposed to building a &quot; two-speed &quot; europe .
we french are opposed to the creation of a two-speed &apos; europe .
we in the french are against the creation of a two-speed europe .

jiní hovoří o nutnosti dodržovat , , pravidla hry<unk> <unk> .
others talk of the importance of obeying the <<unk>> <<unk>> rules of the game . &apos; &apos;
others are talking about the need to comply , the rules that are in place .
others are talking about the need to comply , the rules of the hvs .

dopad podobných událostí na chudé země je ovšem daleko větší .
but the impact of such events on poor countries is much greater .
however , the impact of similar events on poor countries is far greater .
however , the impact of similar events on poor countries is far more .

je indie připravena na úplnou směnitelnost měny ?
is india ready for full currency convertibility ?
is india ready for the full exchange of currency ?
is india prepared for the complete rigour of the currency ?

odbourání ochrany je však vždy politicky obtížné .
but removing protection is always politically difficult .
however , the departure of protection is always politically difficult .
however , the separation of protection is always politically difficult .

co platí o dětech a dospělých , je pravda i o mezinárodních institucích .
what &apos;s true of children and adults is also true of international institutions .
what is true of children and adults is true of international institutions .
what is true of children and adults is true of international institutions .

svět - a evropa především - je usa fascinován a obdivuje je .
the world - europe in particular - has fascination and admiration for the us .
the world - and europe in particular - is fashioned and admire them .
the world - and europe in particular - is fascinating and admirable to the us .

od konce studené války je amerika jedinou supervelmocí na světě .
since the cold war &apos;s end , america is the world &apos;s sole superpower .
since the end of the cold war , america is the only superpower in the world .
since the end of the cold war , america is the only superpower in the world .

rovněž mexiko začalo prokazovat značnou technologickou dovednost .
mexico , too , has begun to mobilize significant technological prowess .
mexico has also started to show considerable technological skills .
mexico has also started to show considerable technological skills .

jestliže se nenaučíme jej respektovat , ujede nám vlak .
unless we learn how to respect it , we will all miss the boat .
if we do not respect it , let us go to the train .
if we fail to respect it , we will get a train to us .

v každé ze zemí jsem předložil seznam politických vězňů a ptal jsem se na jejich osudy .
in each country , i presented lists of political prisoners and asked about their fates .
in each country , i have presented a list of political prisoners and asked me for their fate .
in each country , i tabled a list of political prisoners , and i asked for their fate .

roova kampaň se také částečně svezla na stoupající vlně antiamerikanismu .
roh &apos;s campaign also took advantage of a rising tide of anti-americanism .
the rov campaign has also partially taken into account the growing wave of anti-americanism .
the annual campaign has also partly taken into account the growing wave of anti-americanism .

nízké ceny za výkonné umění však trnitý problém přístupnosti pro mladé nevyřeší .
but cheap prices for the performing arts do not solve the thorny problem of access for youth .
however , low prices for performance changes will not solve the problem of accessibility for young people .
however , low cost prices are changing a permanent problem of accessibility for young people .

tyto obavy nelze rozptýlit jinak než prostřednictvím užšího a častějšího dialogu .
the only way to arrest such fears is through closer and more frequent dialogue .
these concerns cannot be dispelled differently than through closer and more frequent dialogue .
these concerns cannot be dissolved differently than through more and frequent dialogue .

stejně tak je ale možné , že nevěřil tomu , co se dočetl .
it is also possible that he did not believe what he read .
however , it is equally possible that it has not believed what has happened .
it is equally possible , however , that it has not believed what has happened .

budou schopni cítit evropsky , jako vždy cítili poláci nebo češi ?
will they be able to feel european , like the poles or the czechs have always felt ?
will they be able to feel alive , as they always felt by poles or czech ?
will they be able to feel europeans , such as always feel poles or czechs ?

- instituce regulující trh ( pro vnější ekonomické účinky , úspory z rozsahu , a informace o firmách )
market-regulating institutions ( for externalities , economies of scale , and information about companies ) ;
- institutions regulating the market ( for external economic effects , savings from the extent , and information on companies )
- institutions regulating the market ( for external economic effects , savings from scope , and information on companies )

a stejně jako v ostatních postkomunistických zemích má z této nejednotnosti užitek hlavně demokratická levice .
as in other postcommunist countries , the main beneficiary of such a lack of unity has been the democratic left .
as well as in other post-communist countries , the democratic left is particularly beneficial from this inconsistency .
as well as in other post-communist countries , the democratic left has the benefit of this uniformity mainly from the democratic left .

motivace teroristů se liší buňku od buňky , ba dokonce osobu od osoby .
terrorist motivations differ from cell to cell , even from person to person .
the motivation of terrorists differs from buses , even a person from a person .
the motivation of terrorists differs from buyers , even a person from the person .

papež pokládá nedostatky liberalismu za mimořádně zhoubné zejména v postkomunistických zemích .
he sees the failings of liberalism as particularly pernicious in postcommunist countries .
the pope belongs to the deficiencies of liberalism for extremely harmful , especially in the post-communist countries .
the papepel is setting out the deficiencies of liberalism , particularly in post-communist countries .

fed zahájil proces normalizace úrokových sazeb opožděně a teď za to platí .
the fed was late in beginning the interest-rate normalization process , and it is now paying a price .
the fftt started the process of standardising interest rates late and now paying for that .
it started the process of standardising interest rates late , and it is now true .

evropský systém přímé vládní finanční podpory bohužel padá za oběť pomalému hospodářskému růstu a rozpočtovým deficitům v evropě .
unfortunately , europe &apos;s system of direct government financial support is falling victim to europe &apos;s slow economic growth and budget deficits .
unfortunately , the european system of direct government financial support seems to be a victim of slow economic growth and budget deficits in europe .
unfortunately , the european direct government aid system seems to be a victim of slowly economic growth and budgetary deficits in europe .

ombudsman funguje jako most mezi úřady a lidmi , který se snaží urovnávat konflikty mezi státními orgány a občany .
the ombudsman acts as a bridge between the authorities and the people , seeking to resolve conflicts that arise between state bodies and citizens .
the ombudsman works as a bridge between the authorities and the people who are trying to compare conflicts between state authorities and citizens .
the ombudsman works as a bridge between the authorities and the people seeking to compare conflicts between national authorities and citizens .

v průběhu 90. let fakticky odmítli srby řízené kosovo tím , že vytvořili paralelní instituce .
throughout the 1990 &apos;s , they virtually opted out of serbian-run kosovo by creating parallel institutions .
in fact , during the 1990s , kosovo was effectively rejected by creating parallel institutions .
in fact , during the 1990s , the sri lankan coast rejected kosovo by creating parallel institutions .

je ale skutečností , že rozvoj demokracie historicky znamenal erozi sdílených hodnot a posilování nezávislosti jedince .
but the fact is that the advance of democracy historically entailed the erosion of shared values and the rise of individual autonomy .
however , it is a fact that the development of democracy has been historically a sign of shared values and the strengthening of the independence of the individual .
it is , however , a fact that the development of democracy has , historically , meant shared values and the strengthening of the independence of the individual .

syrští představitelé přesto dodnes v soukromí tvrdí , že usa nemyslí stažení vojsk vážně .
yet to this day , syrian officials privately say that they don &apos;t think the us is serious about a withdrawal .
yet the syrian leaders are still saying to date that the us does not think about the withdrawal of troops seriously .
despite this , the syrian leaders are still saying in privacy that the us does not consider the withdrawal of the voices seriously .

německo si nemů<unk> <unk> e dovolit zpomalenã <unk> , či dokonce zastavenã <unk> reformnã <unk> ho procesu .
germany cannot afford to slow down or , worse yet , stop the reform process .
germany does not wish to afford a slowdown in the process , or even a halting of reform of the iuu process .
germany does not want to allow a small influenza , or even halt the reform of the reform procedure .

při absenci přijatelných alternativ nezbývá než doufat , že to bude také případ izraelců a palestinců .
in the absence of plausible alternatives , one hopes that this will also be the case for israelis and palestinians .
in the absence of acceptable alternative alternatives , it will be hoped that it will also be the case of the israelis and palestinians .
in the absence of acceptable alternatives , it will not be hoped to hope that this will also be the case of israelis and palestinians .

měli bychom se obávat faktu , že evropa už není ryze židovskokřesťanským a bílým kontinentem ?
should we fear the fact that europe is no longer a purely jewish / christian and white continent ?
should we fear the fact that europe is no longer a feature of a jewish christian and white continent ?
should we fear the fact that europe is no longer a fish from the jewish christian and white continent ?

vskutku , co se ochrany veřejnosti týče , bezpečnost léčiv je zanedbaným nevlastním dítětem regulátorů .
indeed , as far as protecting the public is concerned , drug safety is the regulator &apos;s neglected stepchild .
indeed , as far as public protection is concerned , the safety of medicines is a neglected child of regulators .
indeed , with regard to the protection of the public , the safety of medicines is a neglect child of regulators .

na palestinské straně by bylo důležitým krokem upevnění kontroly palestinské samosprávy nad desítkami bezpečnostních služeb a milicí .
on the palestinian side , consolidation of the palestinian authority &apos;s control over a dozen security services and militias would be an important step .
on the palestinian side , it would be an important step in consolidating the control of the palestinian authority over tens of security services and militarily .
on the palestinian side , it would be an important step towards consolidating the control of the palestinian authority over the tens of security services and militant .

bush a blair musí dokázat , že zbraně hromadného ničení , které budou nalezeny , představovaly závažnou a bezprostřední hrozbu .
bush and blair must show that any weapons of mass destruction that are recovered posed a grave and urgent threat .
bush blair must prove that weapons of mass destruction that will be found were a serious and immediate threat .
bush and blair must prove that weapons of mass destruction that will be found were a serious and immediate threat .

pro majitele domů to znamenalo velkou výhru , ale zároveň to uškodilo těm , kdo plánovali nákup nemovitosti .
this has been a big windfall to homeowners , but has hurt anyone planning to buy .
for the owners of home , this meant a great deal of reservation , but at the same time it has damaged those who planned the purchase of property .
for the owners of home , this has meant a great deal of rehabilitation , but it has also detrimental to those who planned the purchase of unitability .

existuje i řada dalších nákladů , z nichž některé jsou potenciálně dosti vysoké , třebaže se dají jen těžko kvantifikovat .
there are a number of other costs , some potentially quite large , although quantifying them is problematic .
there are also a number of other costs , some of which are potentially quite high , even though they seem to be difficult to quantify .
there are also a number of other costs , some of which are potentially high , even though they are difficult to quantify .

pokud tedy na konci tunelu vůbec existuje nějaké světlo , možná se rozsvítí až v roce 2007 po francouzských volbách .
in the end , whatever light there is , it may not shine until 2007 , after the french elections .
therefore , if there is no light at all at the end of the tunnel , it may be disrupted until 2007 after the french elections .
therefore , if there is no light at the end of the tunnel at all , it may be disrupted until 2007 after the french elections .

během 90. let skutečně docházelo navzdory růstu celkové produkce k deflaci , což znamená , že indický výrobní potenciál se zvětšuje .
indeed , throughout the 1990s , despite rising output , deflation occurred , which means that india &apos;s potential output is expanding .
in fact , in the 1990s , despite the growth of overall production , which means that indigenous production potential has increased .
indeed , during the 1990s , the growth in total production has been seen , which means that the indian production potential is increasing .

radě guvernérů hrozí , že nezačne-li brzy jednat , vyčerpá zásobu přídavných jmen <unk> a svou věrohodnost .
the governing council is in danger of running out of adjectives -- as well as credibility -- if it does not act soon .
the guidance of the council is at risk that if it does not begin to act soon , it will exhaustive the supply of the hostage and its credibility .
the guversion of the council is at risk that , if not to act soon , it will be exhaustive to the supply of names and its credibility .

rusové jako by se o politické svobody starali méně než o sociální věci - o penze , domácí násilí , práva dětí či policejní brutalitu .
russians seem to care less about political freedom than they do about social welfare - pensions , domestic violence , children &apos;s rights , or police brutality .
the russians , like political freedom , have become less than social matters - about pensioners , domestic violence , children &apos;s rights or police brutality .
the russians as if they were less than social matters - pensions , domestic violence , children &apos;s rights or police brutality .

ve výsledku tak liberalizace obchodu výrobních podniků ve velké části světa vyústila v deindustrializaci a vyšší nezaměstnanost , jako například letos v oděvnictví .
as a result , trade liberalization of manufactures has resulted in de-industrialization and greater unemployment in much of the world , as in the case of garments this year .
as a result , the liberalisation of trade in production companies in a large part of the world has resulted in deindustrialisation and higher unemployment , such as this year &apos;s clothing .
as a result of the liberalisation of the trade in production businesses in a large part of the world , it has resulted in deindustrialisation and higher unemployment , such as this year in clothing .

musíme tento problém pojmenovat a postavit se mu , abychom zavedeným demokraciím nedovolili zakrnět a novým pomohli dosáhnout vyšší účinnosti .
we must recognize and confront this problem to prevent established democracies from atrophying and to help new democracies become more effective .
we must deny this problem and stand up to him so that we do not allow the democracies to be blocked and help to achieve greater efficiency .
we need to appoint this problem and stand up to it , so that we do not allow a bloodshed democrat and help to achieve greater efficiency .

ještě dnes se nerovnost příjmů v latinské americe řadí mezi nejvyšší na světě , což odráží staré vzorce etnických a rasových rozdílů .
even today , income inequality in latin america is among the highest in the world , reflecting the old patterns of ethnic and racial division .
today , inequality of income in latin america is still in the world , which reflects the old formula of ethnic and racist differences .
today , the inequality of income in latin america between the highest in the world , which reflects the old model of ethnic and racial differences .

tím sám o sobě ztělesňuje paradox křesťanství : neporušitelné a stálé principy jdou ruku v ruce s porozuměním a tolerancí .
in this , he personifies the paradox that is christianity : unbreakable and lasting principles joined by understanding and tolerance .
this alone embodies the paradox of christianity : the inviolable and permanent principles go hand in hand with understanding and tolerance .
this makes itself a paradox of christians : inviolable and permanent principles go hand in hand with understanding and tolerance .

celých 20 let jsem byl na omylu : západoevropská státní zřízení zůstávala stabilní navzdory vyloučení značné části občanů ze smysluplné účasti ve většině hospodářského života .
for 20 years , i have been wrong : west european polities have remained stable despite the exclusion of a large proportion of citizens from meaningful participation in much of economic life .
for 20 years , i have been on a mistake : the western european state establishment has remained stable despite the stable exclusion of a large proportion of citizens from meaningful participation in most economic life .
for 20 years , i was on the phenomenon : the western european state has remained stable in spite of the considerable exclusion of citizens from a meaningful participation in most of the economic life .

základní myšlenka spočívala v tom , že stovky expertů dostaly zadání předpovědět osud desítek různých zemí a poté se hodnotila přesnost jejich předpovědí .
the basic idea was to solicit thousands of predictions from hundreds of experts about the fates of dozens of countries , and then score the predictions for accuracy .
the basic idea was that hundreds of experts were given to predict the fate of dozens of different countries and then assessed the accuracy of their forecasts .
the basic idea was that hundreds of experts were given the presumption of the fate of dozens of different countries , and then their prerogatives have been evaluated .

avšak zatímco například v maroku dokončí základní školu více než 80 % školáků , jen méně než 20 % jich probíranou látku skutečně ovládá .
yet , in morocco , for example , more than 80 % of school children complete primary school , but fewer than 20 % have mastered the material .
however , while , for example , in morocco , the primary school finds more than 80 % of school school , only less than 20 % of them are actually controlled .
however , while , for example , in morocco , more than 80 % of school school is finished , only less than 20 % of them are actually dominated .

chvatně usiluje ještě tento měsíc uspořádat celostátní referendum o nové ústavě , a to bez seriózní parlamentní debaty nebo obvyklé veřejné osvěty .
he is rushing to hold a national referendum this month on a new constitution without serious parliamentary debate or the usual public education .
this month the state referendum on the new constitution is going to be held , without serious parliamentary debate or usual public awareness .
this month , it seeks to hold a national referendum on a new constitution , without a serious parliamentary debate or usual public awareness .

díky absenci hodnověrné demokratické levicové strany stáli u kormidla čestí středopravicoví politikové a až do roku 1997 byli relativně jednotní .
in the absence of a credible democratic left party , czech center-right politicians had the upper hand , and were relatively united , until 1997 .
thanks to the abstention of the nightmare of the democratic left , the cornerstone of the corrections of politicians and , until 1997 , was relatively united .
thanks to the absenal democratic left-wing party , the calendar of the centre-right politicians and until 1997 were relatively unity .

téměř každý také chápe , že globální oteplování sice může být mnohem menším či větším problémem , než naznačují současné modely , ale že tato nejistota není omluvou pro nečinnost .
likewise , almost everyone understands that while global warming might be a much smaller or larger problem than existing models suggest , this uncertainty is no excuse for inaction .
almost everyone understands that global warming can be a much smaller or more problem than the current models indicate , but that this uncertainty is not an excuse for inaction .
almost everyone also understand that global warming may be a much smaller or more problem than they indicate the current models , but that this uncertainty is not an excuse for inaction .

dvojstupňový systém měnového kurzu fungoval jako vývozní daň , ale dlouho se neudržel a ustoupil jednotnému měnovému kurzu na obchodním účtu .
the two-tier exchange-rate system acted as an export tax , but it did not survive for long , giving way to a unified exchange rate on the trade account .
the ambiguous monetary exchange system worked as a export tax , but it has long failed to keep up with a single currency for a trade bill .
the two-tier monetary exchange system has worked as a export tax , but it has failed for a long time , and has increased a single monetary exchange rate on the commercial accounts .

toto napětí je tak všudypřítomné , že jakoukoliv naději na byť i pouhé zahájení tolik potřebného procesu usmíření je dnes nutno odsunout daleko do budoucna .
so pervasive is this tension , in fact , that any chance of even beginning the much-needed reconciliation process must now be pushed far into the future .
this tension is so attentive to the fact that any hope , even though the only start of the much-needed process of reconciliation , must be condemned today to the future .
this tension is so intolerable that any hope for the start of a so much necessary reconciliation process must be denounced in the future today .

začal dobře , když španělští voliči schválili návrh ústavy evropské unie , ale záhy poté ztrpkl , když jej francouzští a holandští voliči zavrhli .
it began well , when spanish voters approved the draft european union constitution , but it turned sour when french and dutch voters spurned it soon after .
it started well when the spanish electorate approved the draft constitution of the european union , but then the backs kidnapped when the french and dutch constituents spreading it .
it started well when the spanish electorate approved the proposal for a constitution of the european union , but then the back of the house and the dutch electorate had been displaced by the french and dutch voters .

nikdo se zdravým rozumem nemůže předpokládat , že dosud nedosažitelné výsledky , konkrétně zničení malého počtu válečných hlavic během letu , budou najednou dosaženy přes noc .
no one in his right mind can assume that something never achieved before , namely destroying a small number of warheads in flight , will happen over night .
no one can predict healthy misunderstandings that , so far , the destruction of a small number of wars during the summer , will be achieved through no-night .
no one can assume that there is still an inalienable result , namely the destruction of a small number of wars during the summer , will be achieved through the night .

jedna teorie , k níž se hlásí i předseda německé vládní sociálnědemokratické strany franz münte<unk> , zní , že německo je již tam , kde ostatní teprve chtějí být .
one theory , endorsed by the head of germany &apos;s ruling social democratic party , franz müntefering , is that germany is already where the others still want to be .
one theory to which the president of the german government societal democratic party from franünteteteteen has also been reported is that germany is already there where others want to be .
one theory , which is also announced by the president of the german government of the democratic party of france from münne , is that germany is already where others want to be .

průměrný roční příjem na hlavu v usa , japonsku a západní evropě dnes činí kolem 40 000 dolarů , zatímco u chudší poloviny světové populace to není ani 6000 dolarů .
average annual per capita incomes in the us , japan , and western europe are currently around $ 40,000 , and less than $ 6,000 for the poorer half of the world &apos;s population .
the average annual income per head of the us , japan and western europe are currently around 40 000 dollars , while at the poorer half of the world &apos;s population , it is not 6000 dollars .
today , the average annual income per capita in the us , japan and western europe is around 40 000 dollars , while at the poorer half of the world population it is not a 60-000 dollars .

uvažme mnohé indické a pákistánské brity druhé generace , jež lze spatřit , jak v kvalitních oblecích a s laptopem v ruce létají do celého světa .
consider the many second generation indian and pakistani britons who are now seen in business suits carrying laptop computers and flying around the world .
let us think of many indian and pakistani seconds , which can be seen , both in quality obesity and with landscape , belongs to the whole world .
we are thinking of many indian and pakistani brand of the second generation , which can be seen in the quality of the boats and the flow of the world in hand .

kvůli krachu cen akcií ve většině zemí od roku 2000 se finanční aktiva jeví jako méně bezpečná , což podnítilo <unk> úprk ke kvalitě &quot; - v tomto případě k bydlení .
the crash in equity prices since 2000 in most countries has made financial assets look less secure , spurring a &quot; flight to quality &quot; - in this case , housing .
as a result of the fall in the price of action in most countries since 2000 , financial activity seems to be less safe , which has stimulated the level of quality &apos; - in this case housing .
as a result of the collapse of action in most countries since 2000 , financial activity has been active and seems less safe , which has resulted in a blow to quality &apos; - in this case housing .

v osvětimi pak papež prohlásil : , , hovořím jménem všech lidí , jejichž práva jsou kdekoliv na světě přehlížena a porušována ; hovořím , protože jsem vázán - my všichni jsme vázáni - pravdou . &quot;
then , in auschwitz , the pope said : &quot; i speak in the name of everyone whose rights go unrecognized and violated anywhere in the world , i speak because i am bound , we are all bound , by truth . &quot;
i then say in eight times : i am speaking on behalf of all people whose rights are overlooked and violated anywhere in the world ; because i am bound - we are all bound - true &apos; .
in eight , then , papel said : i am speaking on behalf of all the people whose rights are overlooked and violated anywhere in the world ; i am speaking because i am obliged - we are all bound - the truth &apos; .

státy by mohly společně stanovit ambicióznější cíl omezování dlouhodobé změny teploty na zemi a pak jednotlivým zemím přidělit emisní práva takovým způsobem , který by nakonec teplotní přírůstky snížil na přijatelnou úroveň .
nations could set the more ambitious goal of limiting the long-term change in the earth &apos;s temperature , and then assign emissions rights among countries in such a way that will eventually limit temperature increases to an acceptable level .
the states could jointly establish a more ambitious target for reducing long-term temperatures to the country and then allocate individual countries to emission rights in a way that would ultimately reduce the temperature rate at an acceptable level .
the states could jointly set a more ambitious target of reducing the long-term change of temperatures on the country and then allocate individual countries to emission rights in such a way that , in the end , the temperature rate has reduced to an acceptable level .

zdá se však jasné , že ecb využila říjnovou tiskovou konferenci , aby varovala politiky , odborové svazy a trhy , že dlouhé období její měnověpolitické nečinnosti se chýlí ke konci .
but what seems clear is that the ecb used the october press conference to warn politicians , trade unions , and the markets that its long period of monetary-policy inactivity is coming to an end .
however , it seems clear that the ecb has used the october press conference to warn policies , trade unions and markets , that the long period of its monetary political activity does not go to the end .
however , it seems clear that the ecb has used the october press conference to warn policy , trade union trade union and markets that the long term of its monetary policy does not turn to the end .

pokud jde o jemen , ten nemá žádné stálé zdroje povrchové vody ; jeho obyvatelé jsou odkázáni výlučně na dešťové srážky , podzemní vodu a náhlé záplavy .
yemen , for its part , has no perennial surface water ; its citizens depend entirely on rainfall , groundwater , and flash flooding .
as far as yemen is concerned , this does not have any permanent resources of the surface water ; its people are depleted exclusively to derainfall , underground water and sudden flooding .
with regard to yemen , it does not have any permanent sources of heating water ; its people are exclusively committed to depletion , underground water and suddenly flooding .

fráze , že s vytvořením hlavní skupiny spěchala kvůli neexistenci jiných snah , jimiž si bushova administrativa chtěla zachránit tvář , byly ponechány odeznít do ticha .
the bush administration &apos;s face-saving rhetoric that it had rushed to push together the core group in the absence of other efforts was quietly let to pass .
with the creation of the main group , it has ruled because of the lack of other efforts made by bush administration and wanted to save the face , they have been left back to silence .
the philosophy that , with the creation of the main groups , the existence of other efforts that the bush administration and wanted to save the face has been left to the title .

naše názory se budou s dalšími a dalšími poznatky měnit , ale momentálně závisí výše daně na otázce morální filozofie : do jaké míry jsme podle svého názoru dlužníky našich vzdálených potomků ?
our views will change as we learn more , but at the moment the size of the tax hinges on a question of moral philosophy : how much do we believe we owe our distant descendents ?
our views will be changed with other and other knowledge , but at the moment , the tax on moral philosophy depends on the issue of moral philosophy : what extent do we , in our view , see the debtors of our distance diesel ?
our views will be with other and other knowledge , but at the moment , the level of tax on the moral philosophy depends on the issue of the moral philosophy : to what extent do we believe that the debts of our remote offspring ?

světová banka odhaduje , že do roku 2035 budou žít téměř tři miliardy lidí , téměř bez výjimky v rozvojových zemích , v podmínkách těžké nouze o vodu , zvláště budou-li shodou okolností bydlet v africe , na blízkém východě či v jihovýchodní asii .
the world bank estimates that by 2035 , as many as three billion people , almost all of them in developing countries , could live under conditions of severe water stress , especially if they happen to live in africa , the middle east , or south asia .
the world bank estimates that almost three billion people will live up to 2035 , almost without exception in developing countries , in conditions of difficult water , especially if the circumstances of living in africa , the middle east or south-east asia are under way .
the world bank estimates that almost three billion people will live by 2035 , almost without exceptions in developing countries , in difficult water conditions , especially if the conditions of residence in africa , in the middle east or in south-east asia .

nemilosrdný program vstřebání pravicových politických rivalů pomohl orbánově straně fidesz narůst do skoro takových rozměrů , jaké mají jeho levicoví , socialističtí rivalové .
a ruthless program to absorb his political rivals on the right has helped orban &apos;s fidesz party become nearly equal in size to his socialist rivals on the left .
the milan programme of the conflict of right-wing political rivalry could help the orbán of the newpphoz increase in the scandals of such dimensions as its left-wing , socialist rivalry .
the orthodox programme of the fixing of the right-wing political rivalry could have increased from the newly flying of such proportions as its left-wing , socialist rivalry .

při pozorování krystalů pod světelným mikroskopem si ovšem bernal povšiml , že když se z krystalické mřížky odpařilo velké množství vody , krystaly se staly neuspořádanými .
but when bernal observed the crystals in a light microscope , he noticed that as the large amount of water in the crystal lattice evaporated , they became disordered .
however , when seeing rebels under the world microscandal , berlin has noticed that , when large quantities of water have been trained , large amounts of water have been covered , they have become unconfined .
however , in the observation of stalin &apos;s labels under the world micro-opel , berlin noticed that , when a large number of water has been tramped out of the hidden crossings , it has become unmatched .

i v zemích zažívajících prudký hospodářský růst se spikla celá řada faktorů , zjitřovaných obrovskými demografickými změnami , a přenášejí nerovnost znalostí , sociální zodpovědnosti a životních šancí z jedné generace na druhou .
even within countries experiencing rapid economic growth , an array of factors , exacerbated by tremendous demographic changes , has conspired to transmit inequality of knowledge , social responsibility , and life chances from one generation to the next .
in the countries that have experienced sharp economic growth , a whole series of factors , appalling huge demographic changes , and transmitted inequality of knowledge , social responsibility and living from one generation to another .
there are many factors in the countries that are experiencing a sharp economic growth in the region , a whole series of factors , the huge demographic changes , and the transfer of inequalities of knowledge , social responsibility and living from one generation to the other .

zdravotní rizika <unk> jaderné reaktory , zbraně , kontaminované potraviny <unk> se vyskytují kolem nás všech , a tak se vlády aktivně ujímají své úlohy a tato rizika omezují prostřednictvím nařízení , jež jsou v mnoha případech velice úspěšná .
health hazards -- nuclear reactors , guns , and contaminated foods -- surround all of us , so governments take an active role in limiting these hazards through regulations , which , in many cases , are very successful .
the health risks involved in the health risk of nuclear reactors , weapons , contaminated food are around all of us , and thus governments are actively playing their role , and these risks limit them through a regulation that is very successful in many cases .
the risk of health risks of nuclear reactors , weapons , contaminated foods are around us all , so governments are actively playing their role and these risks are restricted through a regulation that is very successful in many cases .

jejich dvojšroubovitý model nabízel klíč k pochopení , jak živé buňky mohou vytvářet dvě shodné kopie sebe sama a jak genetický materiál uchovává veškeré informace pro syntetickou produkci bílkovin , jichž je třeba při stavbě živého organismu .
their double-helix model provided the key to understanding how living cells can produce two exact copies of themselves and how genetic material stores all the information for synthesizing the proteins needed to build a living organism .
their twofold model offered the key to understand how lively buses can create two conformity copies themselves , and how genetic material teaches all information for synthetic production of protein , which needs to be built in living organism .
their double coin model offers the key to understanding how liable buses can create two cocopies alone , and how genetic materials are kept all information for the synthetic production of protein , which needs to be used in the construction of living organisms .

naši civilizaci charakterizuje to , že akceptuje sobectví vůči vlastní rodině a skupině , toleruje - až na několik výjimek - autonomii v morálních záležitostech a za základní svobody považuje rouhání , kritiku autorit , ba i občanskou neposlušnost .
ours is a civilization that accepts selfishness towards one &apos;s own family and group ; that tolerates , with few exceptions , autonomy in moral matters ; and that considers blasphemy , criticism of authority , and even civil disobedience fundamental freedoms .
it is characterised by our civilisation by the fact that it accepts self-sufficiency against its own family and group , tolerating them - when it comes to several exceptions - autonomy in moral matters and considers fundamental freedom of blasphemy , criticising authority , as well as civil obesity .
it is characterised by our civilisation that it accepts the sentiments of its own family and the group , tolerates - only a few exceptions - autonomy in moral matters and for fundamental freedom of blasphemy , criticism , authority , invoicing and civil obesity .

popsal bernalovi své neúspěšné pokusy o získání uspořádaných rentgenových difrakčních obrazů z krystalů bílkoviny nazývané pepsin a dotazoval se , zda by mu mohl pomoci získat krystaly jiných bílkovin .
describing his unsuccessful attempts to obtain well-ordered x-ray diffraction patterns from crystals of the protein pepsin , he wondered whether bernal could help obtain crystals of other proteins .
he described berès with his unsuccessful attempts to obtain trade-routine rainations from the labella roll-call roll-call fibres and questioned whether he could help to obtain other protein .
he described the berdirectorates-general &apos;s unsuccessful attempts to obtain the orthodox petrol screens from the posts of protein rabin called peash win and questioned whether he could help to obtain other protein .

ostatní kandidátské země již několik let deklarují svůj zájem zavést v brzké době euro , v některých případech jednostranně , a to ještě před vstupem do eu - tento postoj otevřeně podporuje polská národní banka , méně energicky pak maďarská národní banka a česká národní banka .
the others have declared for several years their interest in adopting the euro early on , in some cases unilaterally , even before entry into the eu--a position openly supported by the national bank of poland , and less forcefully by the national bank of hungary and the czech national bank .
for several years now , the other candidate countries have already stated their interest in introducing their interest in the euro soon , in some cases unilaterally , even before accession to the eu - this position openly supports the polish national bank , the less vigorously hungarian national bank and the czech national bank .
for several years now , the other candidate countries have already made their interest in introducing their interest in the early euro , in some cases unilaterally , even before the eu - this position openly supports the polish national bank , less energy , the hungarian national bank and the czech national bank , and the czech national bank .

současně musí být brána v úvahu také rizika spojená s odmítnutím turecka : pravděpodobnost , že reformní proces zkrachuje , což vynese na povrch radikální proudy a povede k nestabilitě a politickému neklidu před prahem eu .
at the same time , the risks of rejecting turkey must also be taken into account : the likelihood that the reform process would collapse , bringing radical currents to the fore and leading to instability and political unrest at the eu &apos;s doorsteps .
at the same time , the risks associated with turkey &apos;s refusal must also be taken into account : the likelihood of the reform process is that the reform process goes bankrupt , which will lead to radical proximity and will lead to instability and political instability against the people of the eu .
at the same time , the risks associated with the rejection of turkey must also be taken into account : the likelihood of the reform process , which is based on the radio radio radio radio and will lead to instability and political inhumane people from the eu .

kromě jedinã <unk> mimořã ¡ dnã <unk> vã <unk> jimky z 50. let si ani jedna ze dvou hlavnã <unk> ch německã <unk> ch politickã <unk> ch stran - sociã ¡ lnã <unk> demokratã <unk> ani umã <unk> rněně konzervativnã <unk> křesťan<unk> ¡ tã <unk> demokratã <unk> - nikdy nedokã ¡ zala zajistit absolutnã <unk> vět<unk> ¡ inu v parlamentu .
with one notable exception in the 1950 &apos;s , none of germany &apos;s two main political parties - the social democrats and the moderately conservative christian democrats - has ever managed to win an absolute majority in parliament .
in addition to a single ict , the feasibility of the feasibility of the possibility of a umpteenth workshop in the 1990s , one of the 1990s has been assigned to the 1990s to the effect of the german political parties - the socilorian democratically democratically democratically or of the democratically sound christian democracy - has never been assigned up to a team which has been assigned up to the conflict in a prosperous fashion - has never been assumed by the potential dispute in the area in which it has been exhausted .
in addition to the only escape of the magnitude of the magnitude of the manoeuvre of the women in the 50s , one of the head of the two major embassies of the embassies of the league , or one of the head of the germans of the germans of the political association of the association of the parties , the venture of the european union &apos;s fabrian association , nor was the tirly acre of a large majority of a large part of a large part of the european parliament , and has never been included in favour of a large part of a large part of a large part of a large part of the group of the european membership of the res of the group of the res of the political association of the res of the large part of the association of the large part of the party &apos;s association of the party &apos;s party &apos;s party &apos;s party &apos;s party &apos;s party ,

propaganda , ulice lemované radostnými iráčany ani úžas nad schopnostmi amerických inteligentních bomb by neměly odvádět naši pozornost od hrozivé pravdy - že totiž bush a blair porušili světový mír , zapojili se do rozsáhlého předem promyšleného zabíjení a učinili tak navzdory převládajícímu světovému názoru .
propaganda , streets lined with cheering iraqis , amazement over the prowess of us smart bombs , would not distract us from an awful truth-that bush and blair shattered world peace , engaged in massive premeditated killing , and did so against overwhelming global opinion .
the propaganda , the stretched iraqis or the ability of intelligent bombs should not draw our attention from the truth - namely that they have broken down peace and flourishing the streets , the stretching of the pockets , or the ability of the iraqi bomb , in spite of the intelligent bomb bombs , should not be dragging our attention from the truth - namely that they have fought to peace and the well-being broken , in the face of the massive ideas that have taken place in advance .
the street of the burmese , and the street of iraqi bombs , nor the capability of the intelligent bombs , should be given our attention to the terrible river , in spite of the fact that we did not have the horrific distraction of the horrific and pregnancy of the hoobombs , in spite of the intelligent bombings of the bombing of the burmese bombs , and in spite of the fact that they have been violated in the premisunderstanding of the predominance of the world .

v kandidátských zemích , které nezavedly měnový výbor , došlo k nárůstu rozpočtových deficitů - ten v maďarsku v roce 2002 přesáhl 9 % hdp , zatímco v polsku , české republice a na slovensku převyšoval 5 % hdp - , přičemž velký příliv kapitálu udržuje jejich měny pod silným tlakem na zhodnocení .
indeed , the accession countries that have not implemented a currency board have seen their budget deficits surge--exceeding 9 % of gdp in hungary in 2002 and more than 5 % in poland , the czech republic , and slovakia--while large capital inflows have kept their currencies under strong pressure to appreciate .
in the candidate countries that have led to monetary deficits - in hungary , 9 % of gdp , poland , the czech republic and the czech republic exceed 5 % of gdp - which has not been overstepped by the new committee on budgets - the increase in the budget deficits in hungary - has exceeded 9 % in 2002 , while in poland , the czech republic and slovakia has transferred a large number of gdp - which has not been overdue to the large extent of their capital .
in the candidate countries , which have not led the committee on the increase in the budget deficit in hungary in hungary in 2002 , while in poland , 5 % of the gdp in poland and slovakia - the large impact of the capital in candidate countries , which have not led to the monetary committee , the increase in the budget deficit - the budget deficit in hungary in 2002 , except the budget deficit of 9 % of gdp in poland , and the slovak republic - the large increase in gdp and the export of gdp , while maintaining a large number of capital , maintaining a large number of gdp , maintaining the increase in the budget .

