bush a blair učinili čtyři prohlášení :
bush and blair made four claims :
bush and blair have made four statements :
bush and blair have made four statements :

nadešel čas vzít věc vážně :
the time has come to get serious :
the time has come to take the matter seriously :
the time has come to take the matter seriously :

co ale způsobuje tuto slabost ?
what causes this weakness ?
however , what is causing this weakness ?
but what does this weakness cause ?

padesát procent !
fifty percent !
fifty per cent !
fifty per cent !

nové silné ročníky
the new baby boomers
new strong roma people
new strong new roles

vezměme si například výrobce mobilních telefonů nokia .
think of nokia , the mobile phone maker .
let us take , for example , the manufacturers of mobile phones .
take , for example , the manufacturers of mobile telephony telephony .

je zde dostatek přírodních zdrojů a obrovské množství úrodné půdy .
natural resources are plentiful , with vast amounts of fertile land .
there is enough natural resources and a huge number of fertile land .
there is enough natural resources and a huge number of fertile land .

británie však k počátku prosince setrvává v nečinnosti .
but , as of early december , britain has remained dormant .
however , britain insists at the beginning of december on inaction .
however , britain , on the beginning of december , insists in inaction .

jejich sebejistota může být nakažlivá .
their self-confidence can be infectious .
their self-confidence can be provisional .
their self-confidence can be suspicious .

tyto zbraně představují závažnou , okamžitou hrozbu ;
those weapons pose a grave , immediate threat ;
these weapons represent a serious , immediate threat ;
these weapons represent a serious , immediate threat ;

terorismus je jakousi násilnou verzí <unk> agilního virtuálního podniku <unk> .
terrorism is a violent version of an &quot; agile virtual enterprise . &quot;
terrorism is a violent version of the aggravated virtually virtually virtual business .
terrorism is a violent version of the agitary virtual enterprise .

ve skutečnosti však neexistuje žádný hlavní plánovač nebo sponzor teroristických aktivit .
in fact , there is now no master planner or funder of terrorist activities .
in fact , however , there is no main planning or sponsor of terrorist activities .
in fact , however , there is no major plan or the sponsor of terrorist activities .

prezident neučinil politické rozhodnutí : prokázal mi osobní laskavost .
the president had not made a political decision ; he had bestowed a personal favor .
the president has not made a political decision : he has shown me a personal reluctance .
the president has not made a political decision : he has shown me a personal favour .

pouze takto průhledná kritéria mohou umožnit řádné ukončení angažmá mezinárodních aktérů .
only such clarity can allow for a proper end to international actors &apos; engagement .
only in this way can the criteria allow a proper end to the involvement of international players .
only such transparent criteria can enable the proper closure of international players .

takto volatilní měnovou politiku evropa ani nechce , ani nepotřebuje .
this is not the type of volatile monetary policy that europe wants or needs .
in this way , the volatile monetary policy of europe does not want , nor does it need .
europe does not want , nor do it need , nor do it need it .

vezměte v úvahu různost účinků úrokových sazeb na dlužníky a věřitele .
think about the different effects of interest rates on debtors versus creditors .
take into account the different effects of interest rates on debtors and creditors .
take into account the various effects of interest rates for debts and creditors .

příroda , jak jsme se ponaučili z cunami , má svůj vlastní časový plán .
nature , as we have learned from the tsunami , has its own timetable .
nature , as we have learned from the cup , has its own timetable .
nature , as we have learned from the cup , has its own timetable .

wal-mart a další téhož rodu jsou ústředním rysem moderní éry globalizace .
wal-mart and its ilk are a central feature of the modern era of globalization .
wal-mart and another same family are the central feature of a modern era of globalisation .
marty-mart and another same family are a central feature of modern globalisation .

tento boom nikdo nepředpovídal , takže je riskantní předvídat jeho konec .
no one predicted this boom , so predicting its end is risky .
no one predicted this boom , so it is risky to predict its end .
nobody predicted this boom , so it is risky to anticipate its end .

jedenáctý březen je teď evropskou verzí 11. září v americe .
march 11 is now europe &apos;s version of september 11 in america .
now the european verdict of 11 september in america is the cornerstone .
there is now a european version of 11 september in america .

s podobnou neoblíbeností se nedlouho po svém zvolení setkalo několik dalších evropských vlád .
several other european governments find themselves in a similar state of unpopularity not long after being elected .
for a long time , several other european governments have met with similar turmoil after their election .
several other european governments have been in favour of such disobstruction for a long time after their election .

důvodem tak silného podhodnocení je skutečnost , že uváděná čísla nezahrnují ani plné rozpočtové náklady pro vládu .
its estimate falls so far short because the reported numbers do not even include the full budgetary costs to the government .
the reason for such a strong assessment is the fact that the figures do not include even full budgetary costs for the government .
the reason for such a strong evaluation is the fact that the figures mentioned do not include the full budgetary costs for the government .

doufali , že opakování upravených výroků jim zajistí posun veřejného mínění na válečnou stranu .
by repeating the altered comments , it was hoped , mass opinion would shift in favor of the war .
they had hoped that the repetition of the regulations applicable to them will ensure that public opinion is assessed on the war side .
they hoped that the repetition of the annual product will ensure that public opinion is judged on the war party .

jak napsal jistý významný spisovatel , , , toto je druhý křest polska &quot; .
here , said a prominent writer , was &quot; poland &apos;s second baptism . &quot;
as a certain important writer has written , this is the second seat of poland &apos; .
as some important writer wrote , this is the second seat of poland &apos; .

i technologický pokrok koneckonců vyžaduje správné řízení , působení tržních sil , efektivní univerzity a tak dále .
after all , technological advance also requires good governance , market forces , effective universities , and more .
after all , technological progress also requires good governance , market forces , effective universities and so on .
after all , technological progress requires the right governance , the operation of market forces , effective universities and so on .

absence silného růstu je ještě nepochopitelnější ve světle mnoha výhod a sociálních úspěchů latinské ameriky .
the lack of vigorous growth is all the more bewildering in view of latin america &apos;s many advantages and social successes .
the absence of strong growth is even more incomprehensible in the light of many benefits and social achievements of latin america .
the lack of strong growth is even more incomprehensible in the light of many benefits and social achievements of latin america .

unii by mělo spíše záležet na tom , aby politika kterékoliv členské země nepoškozovala členy jiné .
what should matter for the eu is that the policies of any member state are not harmful to other members .
rather , the union should depend on any member state policy not being able to attract other members .
rather , the union should be reluctant to ensure that any member state policy does not harm other members .

kalifornie tedy dala špatný příklad a kaliforňané za to pravděpodobně draze zaplatí .
so california has set a bad example , and californians will probably pay a heavy price for it .
mr kalifornia has therefore given a bad example , and the califord is probably paid for this .
kaliford , therefore , gave a bad example and califord for this probably expensive .

pro evropany je tedy těžké pochopit , proč by plány na užší evropskou integraci měly být vnímány jako protiamerické .
so it is hard for europeans to understand why plans for closer european integration should be seen as anti-american .
it is therefore difficult for europeans to understand why plans for closer european integration should be seen as counter-american .
so it is difficult for europeans to understand why plans for closer european integration should be seen as anti-american .

princip nevměšování se do vnitřních záležitostí země nebyl nikdy absolutní a globalizace jej staví před radikální výzvu .
the principle of non-intervention in a state &apos;s internal affairs was never absolute , and globalization confronts it with a radical challenge .
the principle of non-interference in the internal affairs of the country has never been absolute and globalisation puts it before a radical challenge .
the principle of non-interference in the internal affairs of the country has never been absolute and globalisation puts it out of a radical challenge .

italské předsednictví evropské unii s sebou nese obrovskou zodpovědnost , totiž znovuoživit rozšíření jako klíčový aspekt nové eu .
italy &apos;s presidency of the european union bears an enormous responsibility , namely reinvigorating enlargement as the key aspect of the new eu .
the italian presidency of the european union has a huge responsibility with it , namely to revitalise enlargement as a key aspect of the new eu .
the italian presidency of the european union has a huge responsibility , namely revitalising enlargement as a key aspect of the new eu .

proč je dnes toto nebezpečí předmětem vážného znepokojení v japonsku a hrozbou , nad níž stojí za to se pozastavit v usa ?
why is this menace a matter of grave concern in japan today , and a threat worth worrying about in the us ?
why today is this danger of serious concern in japan and a threat to which it is worth halting in the us ?
why is this danger today about the serious concern in japan and the threat to which it is worth halting in the us ?

malárii lze kontrolovat prostřednictvím nově vyvinutých trvanlivých sítí proti komárům a nové generace účinných léků .
malaria can be controlled through newly designed long-lasting mosquito nets and a new generation of effective medicines .
malaria can be controlled through newly developed networks against computers and new generations of effective medicines .
malaria can be controlled through the newly developed networks against commodities and the new generation of effective medicines .

teprve pak se dozvíme , zda si německo dokáže poradit s toynbeeovskou výzvou , které dnes čelí .
only then will we know whether germany can meet the toynbeean challenge it is facing .
only then will we know whether germany is able to consult toynthia with the challenge they face today .
only then will we know whether germany can consult with the toynd challenge that is facing today .

proč si firmy v těchto zemích stěžují na nedostatek kvalifikovaných pracovníků , když tolik univerzitních studentů zůstává bez zaměstnání ?
why do businesses in these countries complain of a lack of skilled workers when so many university students are jobless ?
why do companies in these countries complain about the lack of skilled workers when so many university students remain without employment ?
why do companies in these countries complain about the lack of qualified workers when so many university students remain without employment ?

v asijských rozvojových zemích se dnes vyrábějí počítače , polovodiče , léčiva a software .
asian developing countries are now producers of computers , semiconductors , pharmaceuticals , and software .
in asian developing countries today , computers , half , medicines and software are produced .
today , in the asian developing countries , computers , half of the methodology , medicines and software .

extrémní srážkové výkyvy , záplavy i sucha mohou mít obrovské sociální a ekonomické důsledky a znamenat rozsáhlé ztráty na životech .
extreme rainfall variations , floods , and droughts can have huge social and economic effects and result in the large-scale loss of life .
extreme cyclone , flooding and droughts can have huge social and economic consequences and mean extensive loss of life .
extreme scourge , flooding and drought may have huge social and economic consequences and mean huge loss of life .

za třetí , což je neméně důležité , za každou nafouknutou bublinou se skrývá spekulativní nákaza .
third , and no less important , is the speculative contagion that underlies any bubble .
thirdly , which is less important , for every nafoul bubble , it is hidden to hide speculative infections .
thirdly , which is less important , at every fatal bubble , the speculative bill is hidden .

lákání zahraničních investorů nebo liberalizování šmahem všeho a následné čekání , až se věci samy zlepší - to nefunguje .
encouraging foreign investment or liberalizing everything and then waiting for things to improve does not work .
the attraction of foreign investors or the liberalisation of a master of everything and subsequent waiting for things to be improved themselves - that does not work .
the attraction of foreign investors or the liberalisation of the master of everything and the subsequent waiting for things to be improved alone - that is not working .

představte si , že vaše práce vedoucího mediálního pracovníka závisí na tom , zda se vám podaří rozšířit okruh diváků .
imagine your job as a media executive depends on expanding your viewing audience .
imagine that your work as a leading media worker depends on whether you will be able to extend the headquarters .
imagine that your work on a leading media worker depends on whether you will be able to extend the heading of divisions .

lékaři bez hranic obešli omezení tradičního mezinárodního práva a zavedli koncepci , , práva intervence &quot; při humanitárních katastrofách .
doctors without borders introduced the concept of &quot; the right of intervention &quot; in humanitarian disasters , bypassing the strictures of traditional international law .
doctors without borders have obstructed the restriction of traditional international law and introduced concepts , the right of intervention &apos; in humanitarian disasters .
doctors without borders have gone down restrictions on traditional international law and introduced concepts , intervention rights &apos; in humanitarian disasters .

pravdou je , že i v zemích s vysokým procentem dokončené základní školní docházky mnoho mladých lidí nechodí na střední školu .
indeed , even in countries with high primary-school completion rates , many young people do not attend secondary school .
the truth is that , even in countries with a high percentage of early school school , many young people do not go to secondary school .
the truth is that , in countries with a high percentage , many young people are not living in central school .

měnovou politiku lze ve volebních rocích využít k povzbuzení hospodářství stejně dobře jako politiku fiskální , ne-li lépe , a politici o to budou vždy usilovat .
monetary policy can be used to stimulate an economy just as much as fiscal policy , if not more , in election years , which politicians will always want to do .
a monetary policy can be used in electoral roles to encourage the economy as well as a fiscal policy , if not better , and politicians will always strive for this .
monetary policy can be used in the electoral roles to encourage the economy as well as a policy of fiscal , if not better , and politicians will always strive to do so .

a jelikož ani německé odbory , ani německý sociální stát by neakceptovaly snižování mezd , byla výsledkem vyšší nezaměstnanost a pomalejší růst .
as neither germany &apos;s unions nor its welfare state would accept falling wages , the result was higher unemployment and slower growth .
even since the german trade unions , nor the german social state would accept wage cuts , the result of higher unemployment and more slowly growth was the result .
as neither the german trade unions nor the german social state would accept a reduction in wages , unemployment has resulted in higher unemployment and increased growth .

v této oblasti se evropa chová jako amerika , která již dlouho používá rétoriku volného obchodu , zatímco její chování tyto principy již dlouho ignoruje .
here , europe acts like america , which has long talked the rhetoric of free trade , while its actions have long ignored the principles .
in this area , europe is acting like america , which has long been using the rhetoric of free trade , while its behaviour has long been ignoring these principles .
in this area , europe is playing as america , which has long been using the rhetoric of free trade , while its behaviour has long ignored these principles .

bushova rétorika <unk> my a oni <unk> zřetelně definuje <unk> ty druhé <unk> a staví je do role soudržného nepřítele .
bush &apos;s &quot; us and them &quot; rhetoric clearly defines an &quot; other &quot; and positions it as a cohesive enemy .
in writing . - ( pt ) the bush rhetoric has been in place , and they are in a clear position to define those who are in a second position , and that is to say , a coherent enemy .
the bush rnashi rhetoric , and they are registered , clearly defined by the second sentence and put them into the role of a coherent enemy .

jednotky sice byly rozmístěny k pružnému vstupu a opětovnému stažení , avšak bushova administrativa je nakonec použila ke staromódní okupaci .
while the forces were deployed for a flexible entry and withdrawal , the bush administration ended up using them for an old-fashioned occupation .
although the troops have been deployed for a flexible entry and restaurant , the bush administration has finally used them to the old fashion .
although troops have been deployed to flexible entry and restaurant , but the bush administration has finally used them to be a staggering occupation .

takže i když o sobě někdo prohlasuje , že je , řekněme , liberál , bude přesto současně s tím od vlády požadovat dotaci energií , vzdělání nebo bydlení .
a person may describe him or herself as , for example , a liberal , yet at same time demand that the government continue subsidizing energy , education , or housing .
so , even if someone is voting on each other , let us say , the liberal , it will , at the same time , be required from the government to demand energy , education or housing .
so , even if anyone is voting on it , let us say , the liberal , it will , at the same time , be required from governments to demand energy , education or housing .

opoziční libanonské skupiny i harírího příznivci z odpovědnosti za vraždu otevřeně obvinili režim syrského prezidenta bašára asada .
opposition groups in lebanon , as well as hariri supporters , openly accused syrian president bashar assad &apos;s regime of being responsible for the killing .
the opposition lebanese group and harrín supporters of responsibility for murder have openly accused the regime of the syrian president baša ashraf .
the opposition group of the lebanese group and harrin favour of responsibility for murder openly accused the regime of the syrian president of bahrain and ashrawi .

pod kontrolu lze dostat také další tropické nemoci , zatímco praktické technologie zajišťující bezpečnou pitnou vodu mohou dramaticky snížit výskyt průjmových onemocnění .
other tropical diseases also can be controlled , and practical technologies for safe drinking water can dramatically reduce diarrheal diseases .
other tropical diseases can also be obtained under control , while practical technologies ensuring safe drinking water can dramatically reduce the incidence of the average disease .
other tropical diseases can also be given to control , while practical technologies ensuring safe drinking water can dramatically reduce the incidence of case-by-case diseases .

na nedávném jednání světové obchodní organizace ( wto ) v cancúnu daly rozvojové země americe - a evropě - na vědomí , že dosavadní systém nemůže dále pokračovat .
at the recent world trade organization ( wto ) meeting in cancun , the developing countries put america--and europe--on notice that this system can no longer continue .
in cancún , the developing countries of america - and europe - have taken note of the recent world trade organisation ( wto ) negotiations in cancún - that this system cannot continue .
at the recent wto negotiations ( wto ) in cancún , the developing countries - and europe - have taken note of the fact that the system so far cannot continue .

inženýři také vyvinuli metody , jak zachycovat oxid uhličitý , který vzniká při spalování uhlí v elektrárnách , a bezpečně ho skladovat v podzemí .
similarly , engineers have developed ways to capture the carbon dioxide that results from burning coal in power plants and store it safely underground .
engineers have also developed methods to capture carbon dioxide , which arises when burning coal in power stations , and to unsafe storage in the countries .
engineers have also developed methods to capture carbon dioxide , which arises in the spaces of coal in power plants , and safely storage in the underground countries .

zajišťuje fórum , kde lze jednat o nových smlouvách o liberalizaci obchodu , snažit se najít opatření proti ochranářským a diskriminačním politikám a řešit spory s obchodními partnery .
it provides a forum in which to negotiate new trade liberalization agreements , seek remedies against protectionist and discriminatory policies , and resolve disputes with trading partners .
it ensures a forum where new trade liberalisation treaties can be negotiated , trying to find measures against protectionist and discriminatory policies and to address disputes with trade partners .
it ensures a forum in which new trade liberalisation agreements can be negotiated , trying to find measures against protectionist and discriminatory policies and address disputes with trade partners .

náhlé zhroucení zdánlivě zdravých ekonomik posloužilo jako neúprosná připomínka , že silná valutová likvidita by neměla být podnětem k úplné směnitelnosti .
the sudden meltdown of apparently healthy economies served as a stark reminder that strong external liquidity should not be the driving force towards full convertibility .
the sudden collapse of the restrained healthy economies has served as a disgraceful reminder that strong liquidity should not be a stimulus to complete rigour .
the sudden collapse of the poorly healthy economies has served as a remarkable reminder that a strong raft of liquidity should not be an incentive for full rigour .

hlavní příčinou zhoršujících se vztahů mezi sýrií a usa je narůstající netrpělivost bushovy administrativy se syrským angažmá v iráckém povstání .
the bush administration &apos;s growing impatience with syrian involvement in the iraqi insurgency is a major reason for syria &apos;s deteriorating relationship with the us .
the main cause of worsening relations between syria and the us is the growing inpatience of the bush administration with the syrian involvement in the iraqi uprising .
the main cause of worsening relations between syria and the us is the growing impatience of the bush administration with syrian involvement in the iraqi uprising .

o usa se říká , že je krajně rozzlobilo syrské odmítnutí stáhnout své ozbrojené síly z libanonu v souladu s rezolucí organizace spojených národů .
the us is said to be extremely angry at syria &apos;s refusal to withdraw its forces from lebanon in line with a united nations resolution .
the us is saying that it is extremely dismayed by the syrian refusal to withdraw its armed forces from lebanon in accordance with the united nations resolution .
the us is saying that it is extremely dispelled by the syrian refusal to withdraw its armed forces from lebanon in accordance with the united nations resolution .

účetní , kteří vládní deficity počítají , se snaží politikům zabránit ve snaze obalamutit nás tak , abychom přijímali jimi nabízené požitky bez pochopení jejich budoucích nákladů .
the accountants who compute government deficits try to keep politicians from fooling us into accepting the benefits they offer without understanding something of the future cost .
the accounts of government deficits are trying to prevent politicians from trying to obstruct us so that we accept the benefits offered by them without understanding their future costs .
those who are starting with government deficits are trying to prevent politicians from trying to miss us so that we accept the benefits offered by them without understanding their future costs .

úsudky se liší podle toho , zda jde o úvahu výrobce léčiv , jemuž kyne výdělek z prodeje , nebo pacienta ohroženého tím , že utrpí vážné nežádoucí účinky .
these judgments vary , depending on whether they are made by a drug company , which stands to benefit from sales , or a patient at risk of suffering a serious adverse effect .
the judgment differs from whether it is taken into account by the producer of medicines , which will already be paid to sales , or the patient at risk by suffering serious undesirable effects .
the prejudices differ , according to whether it is about taking into account medicines in which medicines are already paid out of sale , or patients at risk by suffering serious undesirable effects .

některé z těchto změn jsou důležité , ale role bohatých států je pokřivená , neboť se zaměřuje na všechno možné kromě otázky , jak financovat a zavádět praktické technologie za účelem řešení praktických problémů .
some of these changes are important , but the role of the rich countries has been lopsided , focusing on everything except how to finance and introduce practical technologies to solve practical problems .
some of these changes are important , but the role of rich states is distorted because it focuses on everything possible , apart from the question of how to finance and implement practical technologies in order to tackle practical problems .
some of these changes are important , but the role of rich states is distorted , as it focuses on everything possible , apart from the question of how to finance and implement practical technologies in order to address practical problems .

rozhovory pokračují , ale jak radě bezpečnosti diplomaticky sdělil vyjednavač osn a někdejší finský prezident martti ahtisaari , v podstatě jsou mrtvé .
talks continue , but , as un negotiator and former finnish president martti ahtisaari diplomatically told the security council , they are effectively dead .
talks are continuing , but as the security council has said in diplomatic terms , the un negotiators and the former finnish president , martsatii ahtisaari , are essentially dead .
the talks continue , but , as the security council told the un negotiators and the former finnish president , martti ahtisaari , are basically dead .

tato absence prozíravosti a plánování v souvislosti s následky ozbrojené intervence je nejen nebezpečná pro lidi , kteří byli údajně <unk> zachráněni <unk> ; je přímo kontraproduktivní .
this lack of foresight about and planning for the aftermath of armed intervention is not only dangerous to the people who have ostensibly been &quot; saved &quot; ; it is counterproductive .
this absence of rationality and planning in connection with the consequences of armed intervention is not only dangerous for people who have allegedly been saved by a woman ; it is directly counterproductive .
this lack of proximity and planning in connection with the consequences of armed intervention is not only dangerous for people who have been supposedly saved ; it is directly counterproductive .

dokonce i občané , kteří si cení přesnosti , mají jen malou možnost dozvědět se , že když přepínají kanál z nudných lišek na charismatické ježky , pak tuto přesnost obětují .
even citizens who prize accuracy have little way of knowing that they are sacrificing it when they switch channels from boring foxes to charismatic hedgehogs .
even the citizens who value the accuracy have only a small chance to know that when chancellor channel from zero distinctions on charity , then they sacrifice this accuracy .
even the citizens who are responsible have only a small opportunity to know that when they deny the chancellor of zero charity , then they sacrifice this accuracy .

vzhledem k této apatii je můj úkol v roli ruského ombudsmana - kterýžto úřad pověřila státní duma ( parlament ) ochranou politických práv v rusku - obtížný , ne-li přímo nemožný .
such apathy makes my task as russia &apos;s ombudsman , an office charged by the state duma ( parliament ) with protecting political rights in russia , difficult , if not impossible .
in view of this apathy , my task is in the role of the russian ombudsman , who was entrusted to the state duma ( parliament ) to protect political rights in russia - difficult if not indirectly impossible .
in view of this amazing , my task is in the role of the russian ombudsman - the national duma ( parliament ) , the protection of political rights in russia - is difficult if not possible .

v hospodářských záležitostech bychom neměli dovolit , aby neshody řekněme kolem jediného nařízení eu zastřely skutečnost , že ani jediný stát , ať nový , či starý , nikdy nevznesl námitku proti vnitřnímu trhu .
in economic matters , disagreements on , say , a single eu regulation should not be allowed to mask the fact that no member state , new or old , has ever contested the internal market .
in economic matters , we should not allow the disagreement to say around the only eu regulation to the fact that neither the only state , be it new or old , never objected to the internal market .
in economic matters , we should not allow the disagreement to be agreed around a single eu regulation to the fact that the only state , whether a new or old , never objected to the internal market .

připusťme , že bohaté země mají jistou výhodu : těží z obecně mírného podnebí s pravidelnými dešti a relativně nízkým rizikem sucha či záplav .
granted , rich countries have a certain advantage : they benefit from generally moderate climates , with regular rainfall and relatively low risks of drought and flooding .
let us admit that the rich countries have a certain advantage : they benefit from a generally moderate scourge with regular devices and relatively low risk of drought or flooding .
let us admit that the rich countries have a certain advantage : they benefit from a generally moderate deterrent and relatively low risk of drought or flooding .

bushova administrativa stále používá frázi <unk> válka s terorismem <unk> a chová se , jako by to skutečně byla válka <unk> obyčejná válka , kde jedna vláda bojuje s druhou .
the bush administration still uses the phrase &quot; war on terror &quot; and behaves as though it really is a war , the ordinary kind where one government fights another .
the bush administration is still using the fabric of the war on terrorism , and it would be a war of ordinary war , where one government is fighting with the other .
the bush administration is still being used by the fabric of the war with terrorism and chernobyl , as would really be a war of ordinary crackdown , where one government is fighting with the other .

uvážím-li ony děsivé , , náklady , &quot; doufám , že se tato válka prokáže jako oprávněná , ačkoli mám jisté pochybnosti zakládající se na dnes dostupných důkazech .
given the terrible costs , i hope that this war will prove justified , though i have my doubts based on the current evidence .
i hope that this war will prove to be justified , although i have some doubts that are being put on the basis of the documents available today .
i hope that this war will prove justified , although i have some doubts that are being raised today by the available pensions .

narozdíl od evropy nebo ruska není čína členem žádné aliance ( jako evropa ) ani sítě dohod o jaderných zbraních , přes něž se mohou odvíjet politická rozhodnutí ( jako rusko ) , což jsou faktory , které přispívají k asijské nestabilitě a čínské citlivosti .
in contrast to europe and russia , china is not party to an alliance ( as is europe ) or to a network of arms control treaties through which political solutions can evolve ( like russia ) , factors that contribute to asian instabilities and chinese sensitivity .
unlike europe or russia , china is not a member of any alliance ( as europe ) or a network of nuclear weapons agreements , which may be a political decision ( such as russia ) , which are factors that contribute to asian instability and sensitivity .
unlike europe or russia , china is not a member of the alliance ( europe ) or a network of nuclear weapons agreements , despite which political decisions ( such as russia ) can be postponed , which are factors which contribute to the asian instability and sensitivity of china .

pro většinu lidí ovšem nebyl život v totalitní diktatuře nikterak povznášející ; spíše pro ně znamenal každodenní utápění se ve lžích , duchovní zpustlost a materiální zkaženost .
for most people , however , life under totalitarian dictatorship was not ennobling ; it was , rather , a daily immersion in lies , spiritual depravity , and material corruption .
however , for the majority of people , it was not a life in a totalitarian dictatorship that is exaggerated ; rather , for them , it was a day-to-day opponent in the newspapers , a dual departure and material storm .
however , there was no life in a totalitarian dictatorship in a totalitarian dictatorship , rather than a daily philosophy in the holy , spiritual trials and material validity .

kromě absence dostatečné civilní a bezpečnostní přítomnosti , která by všechny komunity ujistila , že jim nehrozí žádné nebezpečí , vytvořila další napětí také celková absence právních mechanismů , jež by zajistily rychlou spravedlnost za zločiny spáchané během intervence i po ní .
in addition to the lack of an adequate civilian and security presence to reassure every community of its safety , the overall lack of legal mechanisms to deliver swift justice for crimes committed during and after the intervention created additional tension .
in addition to the absence of sufficient civil and security presence , which would assure all communities that they are not at risk of any danger , further tension has also created the overall lack of legal mechanisms to ensure rapid justice for crimes committed during intervention and after it .
in addition to the lack of a sufficient civil and security presence , which would reassure all communities that they are not at risk , further tensions have also created the overall lack of legal mechanisms to ensure rapid justice for crimes committed during intervention and after intervention .

necháme-li stranou nemorálnost této války - a nemorální válka to je - chtěl bych přivést pozornost ke stále větší schopnosti a tendenci demokracií , , vypořádat se &quot; s veřejným míněním ( tedy neutralizovat jej ) .
leaving aside the immorality of this war--and immoral it is--i wish to draw attention to this increasing ability and inclination of democracies to &quot; deal &quot; with ( meaning neutralize ) public opinion .
if we do not understand the immortality of this war - and the immoral war is this - i would like to draw attention to the ever-greater capacity and tendency of democracy , to deal with &apos; public peace ( hence neutrality ) .
if we do not understand the inmortality of this war - and the immoral war is - i would like to draw attention to ever more ability and tendency of democracy , to deal with &apos; public peace ( hence neutrality ) .

mezi lety 1995 a 2005 zaznamená německo růst o pouhých 14,6 % , zatímco stará eu vzroste v průměru o 24 % , usa o 39,9 % a světová ekonomika o 45,6 % .
from 1995 to 2005 , germany will have grown by only 14.6 % , while the old eu on average will have grown by 24 % , the us by 39.9 % , and the world economy by 45.6 % .
between 1995 and 2005 , germany means an increase of only 14.6 % , while the old eu will increase by 24 % , the us is 39.9 % and the world economy by 45.6 % .
between 1995 and 2005 , germany &apos;s growth of only 14.6 % , while the old eu is growing on average by 24 % , the us by 39.9 % and the world economy by 45.6 % .

britové si na nespravedlnost těchto pravidel dlouho stěžovali , zejména ve světle faktu , že velká británie patřila k relativně chudším členským zemím ; v roce 1984 pak konzervativní vláda margaret thatcherové požadovala a získala vysokou slevu na svůj čistý příspěvek do rozpočtu eu .
the british long complained of the unfairness of these rules , especially in view of the fact that the uk was one of the relatively poorer member states ; and in 1984 , margaret thatcher &apos;s conservative government demanded , and got , a massive rebate on its net contribution to the eu budget .
the british people have long complained about the injustice of these rules , especially in the light of the fact that the uk has belonged to a relatively poor member state ; in 1984 , the conservative government of margaret thatcher requested and received a high net contribution to the eu budget .
the british british people have long complained about the injustice of these rules , particularly in the light of the fact that the great britain has been patterns for relatively poor member states ; in 1984 , the conservative government of margaret thatcher has requested and given a high silence to its net contribution to the eu budget .

oba politici vytvořã <unk> tandem , ale schrã <unk> der bude zã ¡ viset na mã <unk> nteferingově loajalitě vã <unk> c ne<unk> <unk> mã <unk> nte<unk> na schrã <unk> derově ãºspěchu .
both politicians will constitute a tandem , but schröder will be more dependent on müntefering &apos;s loyalty than müntefering is dependent on schröder &apos;s success .
both politicians have created a case-by-case dispute , but the hijacket will be a replacement of the wisdom of the lnd ferventure , in the case of the case of the ivc , the ivc has not been exchanged in the case of the possibility of a testing of the telephone in , which is going to take place in a homeland .
the two politicians have created both politicians to create an act of &apos; tank &apos; , but the schrman &apos;s sentiment will be able to flourish on the mndeth of the ning-up of the thessacre , the commission &apos;s spuric of the embassy of the embassy of the embassy of the schrassat &apos;s saturday .

bezprostřednã <unk> m vã <unk> tězem je předseda poslaneckã <unk> ho klubu spd franz mã <unk> nte<unk> ( 64 ) , kterã <unk> schrã <unk> dera na postu stranickã <unk> ho předsedy nahradã <unk> .
the immediate winner is franz müntefering , age 64 , the spd &apos;s parliamentary floor leader who will succeed schröder , as party chairman .
the case of the iuu , in the case of the impressive dispute , is a member of the ecker , in the case of the split club , spaces from franmntetea , which has been in place ( 64 ) , the iphile has been assumed , and the icker has been reserved to be replaced by the president .
the immediate influenza of the embassy of this house is a member of the european parliament of the spck of the spck of the spck of francz , franmis tend ( 64 ) of the act of the act of &apos; jos schrschror , and the embashment of the party &apos;s party ( ickck ) , and the embashme association of the chair , is replaced .

mezinárodní investoři , kteří tak byli osvobozeni od rizika směnného kurzu , již od těchto zemí nepožadovali rizikovou prémii a byli ochotni poskytovat všem prostředky za stejně příznivých podmínek , jaké byly do té doby vyhrazeny pro německo .
freed from exchange-rate risk , international investors no longer demanded a risk premium from these countries and were willing to provide funds to all of them under the same favorable conditions that previously had been reserved for germany .
those countries have not requested a risk premiums and have been willing to provide all the resources under the same favourable conditions that have been exempted from the risk of a mixed exchange rate , since they have not requested a risk premium from these countries , and they have been willing to provide all the resources under the same favourable conditions that have been paid for germany until then .
the international investors , who have thus been exempted from the risk of the exchange rate , have no longer demanded the risk of these countries , were willing to provide resources for all as well as favourable conditions for germany until that time , have been exempted for germany .

cukru je potřeba proto , že ve zjištění , že například řezané květiny nebo fotbalové míče nebo počítačové programy lze vyrábět za nízkou cenu , je obrovská sociální hodnota , neboť tato informace může orientovat investice dalších podnikatelů .
the carrot is needed because there is great social value in discovering , for example , that cut flowers , or soccer balls , or computer software can be produced at low cost , because this knowledge can orient the investments of other entrepreneurs .
there is a need to see that , for example , the greek may or football programmes or computer programmes can be produced at a low price , because this information can be oriented to other entrepreneurs , for example .
we need sugar sugar to see that , for example , in the findings that , for example , the greek licence or football programmes or computer programmes can be produced at a low cost , it is a huge social value , as this information can focus further investment on other entrepreneurs .

rezignace kanclã <unk> ře gerharda schrã <unk> dera na post předsedy německã <unk> sociã ¡ lně demokratickã <unk> strany ( spd ) bude mã <unk> t hlubokã <unk> dopady na rozlo<unk> <unk> enã <unk> sil v německã <unk> vlã ¡ dě a jejã <unk> těsnã <unk> â <unk> <unk> rudozelenã <unk> &quot; vět<unk> ¡ ině v parlamentu .
chancellor gerhard schröder &apos;s resignation as chairman of germany &apos;s social democratic party ( spd ) will deeply affect the distribution of forces within the german government and its slim &quot; red-green &quot; majority in parliament .
in writing . - ( fr ) the irezig naivety of the icid iphid has been ashamed of the ihile of the ihid , who has been present in the 1990s , has been assumed by the president-in-office who has been in place a democratically exchanged party ( the burmesmd ) will be to refrain from the profound impact on the disarmament of the workshod in germany &apos;s spack of the spili , which has been exciting a strong , and which has been exaggerated on the basis of a vegetalitre balance of the status that has been assaulted by the protocol to which has been assaulted and which has been assaulted to be expied to be a green .
the governor of the guernaczeclczeczeczeczecda , of a srderd schrener , for the office of the head of the german high representative , for a strong democrat party , for a democrat party , a democratically sponsors , will be included in a profoundly offensive offensive act ( a frd would be included in the impact on the impact of a spaceck in the german authority , and a large coast of a fa , a forty res of a large part of a large part of a subscrippling of a in the association of a , and a , of a forty of a .

šaronova proměna z ničemy v hrdinu v rozmezí pouhých několika let je zdrojem fascinace pro jeho lid , pro region i pro celý svět <unk> tím spíše , že jeho konečné záměry zůstanou předmětem neutuchajících sporů mezi budoucími historiky i mezi politiky , kteří se dnes prohlašují za jeho věrné dědice .
sharon &apos;s transformation from villain to hero within the space of a mere few years is a source of fascination for his people , the region , and the world -- all the more so because his ultimate intentions will remain a subject of endless dispute among historians tomorrow and among politicians claiming to be his faithful heirs today .
a few years &apos; time for the people , even the world , the ultimate intentions of the disputes between the future and the future of the policy , as well as its final intentions , will not be the subject of disputes between the future histories , who have been negotiated in the heroes of a few years &apos; time for the people , the whole region and the world for the world , so that the final intentions will remain unquestionable between the future historical policies , which are also under discussion today .
the arrogance in the gap in the gap is only a few years for the people of its region , and rather the intention of the endless disputes between the historical and historical , in the midst of the gap in the gap in a few years of fashion , is to be a source of fascinating for the people for its region , for the whole region , as well as for the whole region for the whole region , and the fact that they will continue to continue to be ending up to the endless conflicts between the historical and historical legalists between the history of the history of the history of the future .

v této souvislosti vynikají tři psychologické příčiny : za prvé změna veřejného vnímání zdroje hodnoty v měnící se světové ekonomice , za druhé zvyšující se víra veřejnosti v takzvaná <unk> pozlátková &quot; města , jež mají jméno po celém světě , a za třetí obyčejná vrtkavá dynamika spekulativních bublin .
three psychological causes stand out : first , a change in people &apos;s perceptions about the source of value in a changing world economy ; second , increasing public faith in &quot; glamour &quot; cities with international name recognition ; and third , the plain giddy dynamics of speculative bubbles .
in this context , three excellent causes are : firstly , a change in public resources in the world &apos;s global economy , the increasing public in the so-called town , which is the name that has been produced throughout the world , and the whole world , which is due to the excellent causes : firstly , the change of public resources to the value of the global economy , the second world economy , is growing in the face of the so-called city , which is &apos; the name that is being produced throughout the world , and which is currently in place of a large number of pockets .
the three excellent psychological causes in this context : firstly , the change of resources in the world &apos;s measurement economy , the so-called city in the world , which is the so-called &apos; speculative towns around the world , is an excellent reason for the three psychological causes : firstly , the change of public resources in view of the change in the value of the world &apos;s measurement economy , secondly , the increasing city in the world &apos;s peripheral city , which is the so-called speculative town of speculative towns , and the third world for speculators , and the third of the speculators of the world &apos;s speculators .

