situace však zdaleka není beznadějná .
the situation is far from hopeless .
however , the situation is far from clear .
however , the situation is far from laudable .

ale lidská práva byla naprosto jinou záležitostí .
but human rights were another matter entirely .
however , human rights have been a completely different matter .
however , human rights have been completely different .

to už se nikdy nedozvíme .
we will never know .
we never know that .
we never know that .

a jak to můžeme vědět ?
how can we know ?
how can we know and how can we know that ?
how can we know that ?

jednostranná cesta k míru
the unilateral road to peace
a one-sided road to peace is a one-sided way .
a unilateral unilateral path to peace .

jak se zdá , volební úspěch v dnešní době vyprchává rychle .
electoral success , it appears , fades fast nowadays .
as it seems , the electoral success in today &apos;s time is growing quickly .
as the electoral success seems to be moving quickly today .

k tomu musí vlády použít jak cukr , tak bič .
for this , governments must deploy both the carrot and the stick .
to this end , governments must use both sugar and bill .
governments must use both sugar and bibin .

šaron mezitím za svou politiku draze zaplatil .
in the meantime , sharon has paid heavily for his policies .
meanwhile , the arrogance of its policy has paid dramatically .
in the meantime , arrogance for his policy has paid dramatically .

dnešní zaměstnavatelé si přejí vysoce kvalifikované zaměstnance .
today &apos;s employers want highly skilled workers .
today &apos;s employers want highly qualified employees .
today &apos;s employers want highly qualified employees .

upřímně řečeno jde pravděpodobně o komerční model budoucnosti .
in fact , they are probably the commercial model of the future .
frankly , this is probably about the commercial model of the future .
frankly , this is likely to be a commercial model of the future .

asad je nyní ve fázi konsolidace , takže zbývá málo prostoru pro reformu .
assad is now in a consolidation phase , leaving little room for reform .
assassination is now at the stage of consolidation , so there is little room for reform .
it is now at the stage of consolidation , so there is a little area for reform .

nikdo nepředstírá , že dokážeme odvrátit nebo změnit síly přírody .
no one pretends that we can prevent or alter the forces of nature .
no one pretends to be able to reverse or change the power of nature .
no one pretends to be able to revitalise or change the power of the horror .

prosazování respektu k lidským právům bylo přece základním principem ustavení osn .
promoting respect for human rights was , after all , the guiding principle behind the un &apos;s establishment .
the promotion of respect for human rights was , after all , a fundamental principle of establishing the un .
the promotion of respect for human rights was , after all , a fundamental principle of the establishment of the un .

západ musí bělehradské volání sirén ignorovat .
the west must ignore belgrade &apos;s siren song .
the west must ignore the belgrade of the sickness of sickness .
the west &apos;s west must ignore the seasonal call for siesic .

pomalý německý růst je podle něj známkou přirozené konvergence .
slow german growth , he maintains , is a sign of natural convergence .
small german growth is , according to it , a sign of natural convergence .
the slow german growth is , according to it , a sign of natural convergence .

jaké je papežovo sdělení pro postkomunistický svět , který pomáhal vytvořit ?
what is the pope &apos;s message for the postcommunist world he helped create ?
what is the pope communication for the post-communist world , which helped to create ?
what is the pope communication for the post-communist world that helped to create ?

máte-li v zahraniční politice uspět , potřebujete stejně jako v tesařině odpovídající nástroje .
success in foreign policy , as in carpentry , requires the right tools for the job .
if you succeed in foreign policy , you need the appropriate instruments in the same direction .
if you succeed in foreign policy , you need adequate instruments in the same way as in the theory .

samy o sobě pouze odhalily naléhavost zásadního přezkoumání hodnot , jehož je už dlouho zapotřebí .
by themselves , they merely revealed the urgency of a fundamental reappraisal that has long been necessary .
they alone have only revealed the urgency of a fundamental review of the values that has been needed for a long time .
only in themselves have only revealed the urgency of a fundamental review of values , which has been needed for a long time .

když už politická a hospodářská reforma pokročí , tak jen hlemýždím tempem .
political and economic reform , when it advances , does so at a glacial pace .
when political and economic reform is already moving forward , i will only look at the myth of the dark .
when political and economic reform has already advanced progress , it is only the rationale at the pace .

v důsledku toho se latinské americe nepodařilo z globální technologické revoluce dostatečně těžit .
the result is that latin america has failed to benefit adequately from the global technological revolutions .
as a result , latin america has not managed to benefit from a global technological revolution enough .
as a result of this , latin america has failed to benefit from the global technological revolution .

jakákoliv předpověď konce konjunktury vyžaduje pochopení , proč nastala na tolika místech .
any prediction concerning the boom &apos;s end requires understanding why it occurred in so many places .
any prediction by the end of the conjunction of the juncken requires a understanding of why it became so many places .
any forecasts of the end of the junta require understanding why it has become in so many places .

lidé na celém světě se obávají , že z ruska vladimira putina mizí politická svoboda .
around the world , people worry that political freedom is disappearing in vladimir putin &apos;s russia .
people around the world fear that russia , vladimir putin , is mirror of political freedom .
people around the world fear that the country from russia , mr vladimir putin , has become a political freedom .

konečně , samotný proces rozšíření je také zjevně symbolem evropské společenské , občanské a kulturní jednoty .
finally , the enlargement process itself is also manifestly a symbol of european social , civic , and cultural unity .
finally , the enlargement process itself is also clearly a symbol of european social , civil and cultural unity .
finally , the enlargement process itself is also clearly a symbol of european social , civil and cultural unity .

nic z toho ale očividně úředníkům nedostačuje jako důvod , aby přehodnotili své priority .
but none of this is apparently enough to force officials to re-examine their priorities .
none of this , however , is apparently enough by officials as a reason to reconsider their priorities .
however , none of this is clearly sufficient to officials as a reason to reconsider their priorities .

podrobněji tento projekt popisuji ve své knize odborný politický úsudek : jak dobrý je ?
i describe the project in detail in my book expert political judgment : how good is it ?
in more detail , i describe this project in my paper a professional political judgment : how is it good ?
in more detail , i describe this project in my books of the expertise : how is it good ?

armáda vyplácí invalidní důchody , které jsou však znatelně nižší než hodnota ztracených výdělků .
but the military pays disability benefits that are markedly lower than the value of lost earnings .
however , the army is paying the invasion of people &apos;s pensions , which are clearly lower than the value of lost earnings .
however , the army pays the invasion of people &apos;s pensions , which are clearly lower than the value of lost earnings .

ti , kdo se domnívají , že budujeme evropskou konkurenci ameriky , nevěnují dostatečnou pozornost faktům .
anyone who thinks we are building a european rival to america has not looked properly at the facts .
those who believe that we are building european competition with america do not pay sufficient attention to the facts .
those who believe that we build european competition in america do not pay sufficient attention to the facts .

realističtěji řečeno má poskytnout vládám pobídky k provedení reforem , které budou stimulovat hospodářský růst a produktivitu .
more realistically , it is designed to provide governments with the incentive to undertake the reforms that stimulate economic growth and productivity .
in realistic terms , it is intended to provide governments with incentives to implement reforms that will stimulate economic growth and productivity .
more realistic , it is intended to provide governments with incentives to carry out reforms that stimulate economic growth and productivity .

jak ovšem tito předáci stárnou , mohlo by se na konci tunelu objevit trochu světla .
but as they fade away , there could be some light at the end of the tunnel .
however , as these predecessors are ageing , a little light could appear at the end of the tunnel .
however , as these leaders are ageing , it could appear a little light at the end of the tunnel .

pohled do budoucnosti na svět po kjótu nám dává příležitost začít nový dialog a vidět nové možnosti ve věci změny klimatu .
looking ahead to the post-kyoto world offers us the chance to start a new dialogue and to look at new options on climate change .
the view of the future of the world on the post-kyoto world gives us the opportunity to start a new dialogue and to see new possibilities for climate change .
a view to the future of the world after kyoto gives us the opportunity to start a new dialogue and to see new opportunities for climate change .

dlouhodobý přístup bude nakonec pravděpodobně zahrnovat systém založený na pravidlech , soustavu pobídek a investice do změny technologií .
at the end of the day , the long-term approach is likely to include a rules-based system , an incentives system , and investments in technology change .
in the end , the long-term approach will probably include a system based on rules , a system of incentives and investment in changes to technology .
finally , a long-term approach will probably include a system based on rules , a system of incentives and investment in technological change .

stručně řečeno je možné , že i náš <unk> umírněný <unk> odhad značně podhodnocuje náklady na americké angažmá v iráku .
in short , even our &quot; moderate &quot; estimate may significantly underestimate the cost of america &apos;s involvement in iraq .
in short , it is possible that our presence , too , will be substantially assessed by the cost of us involvement in iraq .
in short , it is possible that our fabric , too , would be significantly evaluated by the cost of us involvement in iraq .

není však pochyb , že tato opční hodnota byla silně oslabena a že tomu tak pravděpodobně bude i v několika příštích letech .
but there is little doubt that the option value has been greatly impaired and will likely remain so for several years .
however , there is no doubt that this optional value has been severely weakened and that this will probably be the case in the next few years .
however , there is no doubt that this optional value has been strongly weakened and that this will probably be the case in the next few years .

diskuse o deficitech by se proto měly přeorientovat tak , aby braly v úvahu skutečné dlouhodobé mezigenerační otázky .
so discussions about deficits should be recast in terms of the really long-term intergenerational issues that matter .
the debate on deficits should therefore be reoriented in order to take into account the real long-term intergenerational issues .
therefore , the discussion on deposits should be reoriented in order to take into account the real long-term intergenerational issues .

všech pět šoků představuje historický vývoj , který je dobrý pro svět jako celek , ale problematický pro německo .
all five shocks constitute historical developments that are good for the world as a whole , but problematic for germany .
all five shocks represent historic developments that are good for the world as a whole , but problematic for germany .
all five shocks represent historical developments , which is good for the world as a whole , but problematic for germany .

mnohé vlády se svých zemědělců obávají natolik , že nevidí jinou možnost než za každou cenu lpět na svém stanovisku .
many governments are so fearful of their farmers that they see no other option than to hold their ground , no matter what .
many governments fear their farmers so much that they do not see any other option than at any cost of their opinion .
many governments fear their farmers so much that they do not see a different option than at all costs for their opinion .

tyto nežádoucí účinky poškodily desítky tisíc nevinných pacientů <unk> ba možná víc <unk> , než byly první dva léky této třídy staženy .
tens of thousands of innocent patients -- perhaps more -- suffered such adr &apos;s before the first two drugs of this class were withdrawn .
these undesirable effects have damaged tens of thousands of innocent patients , perhaps more so than the first two medicine of this class .
these undesirable effects have caused dozens of thousands of innocent patients who were allowed to take up more than the first two medicines of this class .

a právě pokrok v tomto procesu , orientovaném převážně dovnitř , je to , co francie a německo prohlašují za svůj přínos evropě .
it is in that process , mostly inward looking , that france and germany claim to make europe advance .
it is precisely the progress made in this process , which is a mockery , that is what france and germany are saying for their contribution to europe .
it is precisely the progress that has been made in this process , oriented mainly , that is what france and germany say for their contribution to europe .

mnoho lidí totiž věří , že socialisté by neprivatizovali hospodářství nebo nesnížili sociální výdaje , kdyby tato opatření nebyla naprosto nezbytná .
many people believe that the socialists would not privatize the economy or slash welfare systems if such measures were not absolutely necessary .
in fact , many people believe that the socialists would not privatise the economy or reduce social expenditure if these measures were not absolutely necessary .
in fact , many people believe that the socialists would not privatise the economy or have failed to make social expenditure if these measures were not absolutely necessary .

soustředíme-li se na napjaté transatlantické vztahy , snadno přehlížíme , jak často se naše zaujetí překrývá .
with all the attention devoted to strained transatlantic relations , it is easy to overlook how often our preoccupations overlap .
if we focus on tense transatlantic relations , we easily ignore how often our action is overlapping .
if we focus on close transatlantic relations , we will easily ignore how often our commitment is to overlap .

a i kdyby byl rozpočet přijat , rakouské předsednictví , které začíná 1. ledna , rozhodně nebude mít nouzi o skličující záležitosti .
even if a budget is adopted , there is no lack of depressing business for the austrian presidency , which starts on january 1 .
and even if the budget was adopted , the austrian presidency , which begins on 1 january , will certainly not have an emergency .
even if the budget was adopted , the austrian presidency , which is beginning on 1 january , will certainly not have a despicable matter .

deficity veřejných rozpočtů v japonsku například nakumulovaly dluh ve výsi 140 % ročního hdp , aniž přinesly jakékoliv ekonomické oživení .
japan &apos;s public deficits spawned a national debt of 140 % of annual gdp , without producing any economic resurgence .
the deficits of public budgets in japan , for example , have lived debt in the calculation of 140 % of annual gdp without any economic recovery .
in japan , for example , the deficit of public budgets in japan has resulted in debts of 140 % of annual gdp without any economic recovery .

avšak nerovnosti na národní úrovni se za poslední roky v mnoha zemích prohloubily , z velké části kvůli ekonomické liberalizaci jak v rovině národní , tak mezinárodní .
but inequalities at the national level have deepened in most countries in recent years , largely due to economic liberalization at both the national and international levels .
however , inequalities at national level have increased in many countries over recent years , largely due to economic liberalisation both at national and international level .
however , inequalities at national level have been deepening in many countries over the last few years , largely because of economic liberalisation both in the level of national and international .

jak se občané v demokratickém zřízení postupně učí zapojovat se do dění , demokratické vlády se postupně učí , jak navzdory účasti občanů prosadit svou .
just as citizens in a democracy continuously learn to participate , democratic governments continuously learn how to get their way despite the participation .
as citizens in a democratic establishment have gradually become involved , democratic government will gradually become , despite the participation of citizens , in a democratic manner .
as citizens are gradually becoming involved in the democratic establishment , the democratic government is gradually taking place , despite the participation of citizens .

politický vývoj československa v posledních dvaceti letech komunistického režimu oddělil dnesní česko a slovensko od maďarska i polska .
political developments in czechoslovakia during the last 20 years of communism set the czech republic and slovakia apart from both poland and hungary .
the political development of the czech republic in the last 20 years of the communist regime has distracted the czech czech and slovakia from hungary and poland .
the political development of czechoslovakia in the last 20 years of the communist regime has separated the czech and slovakia from hungary and poland .

zároveň evropa znovu blokuje pokrok kola jednání o světovém obchodu z dauhá , když její zemědělská lobby bojuje za zachování svých dotací .
at the same time , europe is again blocking progress in the doha round of world trade talks , with the farmers &apos; lobby fighting to preserve its subsidies .
at the same time , europe is once again blocking the progress of the world trade negotiations in daul when its agricultural lobby is fighting to maintain its subsidies .
at the same time , europe is once again blocking the progress of the world trade negotiations from daul when its agricultural lobby is fighting for maintaining its subsidies .

hlavní otázkou v souvislosti s americkým obranným deštníkem není , jak se připravit na budoucnost s raketovou obranou , nýbrž jak zmírnit dnešní politické obavy .
the main question nmd poses is not how to prepare for a future world of missile defense but how to dampen today &apos;s political concerns .
the main issue in connection with the us defence shield is not how to prepare for the future of missile defence , but how to mitigate today &apos;s political concerns .
the main issue in connection with the american defence department is not how to prepare for the future of rakeyker defence , but how to alleviate today &apos;s political concerns .

mají-li vlády založit úspěšnou politiku zaměřenou na mládež , musí se soustředit na tři strategické oblasti : rozšiřování příležitostí , zvyšování schopností a poskytování druhé šance mladým lidem .
to build successful youth-friendly policies , governments need to focus on three policy areas : expanding opportunities , enhancing capabilities , and providing second chances for young people .
if governments are to set up a successful youth policy , they must focus on three strategic areas : the expansion of opportunities , the increase in skills and the provision of the second chance of young people .
if governments are to set up a successful youth policy , they must focus on three strategic areas : the expansion of opportunities , increasing the capabilities and providing the second chances of young people .

celosvětová poptávka po spotřebě ryb roste a vzrůstá i celosvětová schopnost je lovit , což žene některé druhy na pokraj vyhynutí .
global demand for fish consumption is growing , and so , too , is the global capacity to catch fish , driving some species to the point of extinction .
global demand for the consumption of fish is growing and the global ability to fish is growing , which is some species on the brink of extinction .
global demand for fish consumption is growing , and the global ability to fish is growing , which is a woman of some types of landscape .

stabilizační a strukturální adaptační programy , zaváděné od 80. let 20. století , taktéž nesplnily , co slibovaly , a nezajistily rychlejší hospodářský růst .
nor have stabilization and structural adjustment programs , imposed since the 1980 &apos;s , delivered on their promise of achieving higher economic growth .
the stabilisation and structural adaptation programmes , introduced from the 1980s , have also failed to meet what they promised and do not ensure faster economic growth .
the structural stabilisation and structural adaptation programmes , introduced since the 1980s , have also not met what they promised and did not ensure faster economic growth .

další , o něco přijatelnější teorie zní , že v průběhu posledních patnácti let postihlo německo současně několik vnějších problémů či šoků .
another , more plausible theory is that over the past fifteen years there have been various external challenges or shocks that have hit the country simultaneously .
another further , something more acceptable theory is that , during the last 15 years , germany has affected several external problems or shocks at the same time .
another , another , more acceptable theory is that , over the last 15 years , germany has hit germany at the same time several external problems or shocks .

mezinárodní instituce přidávají hodnotu i nad rámec partnerství - tedy za předpokladu , že jsou účinně uspořádány , mají realistický mandát a skládají se ze členů odhodlaných prosazovat společné normy a cíle .
beyond partnerships , international institutions add value-provided they are effectively organized , have realistic mandates , and contain members that are committed to common norms and aims .
the international institutions also add value over the partnership framework - provided that they are effectively organised , have a realistic mandate and consists of members determined to promote common standards and objectives .
international institutions also add value to the partnership framework - provided that they are effectively organised , they have a realistic mandate and are compromising to promote common standards and objectives .

vzhledem k tomu , že ke členství se blíží bulharsko a rumunsko a s tureckem a chorvatskem začnou co nevidět přístupové rozhovory , je čím dál důležitější tento názor vyvracet .
as bulgaria and romania come closer to membership , and with accession talks with turkey and croatia set to begin , it has become increasingly important to challenge that view .
given that bulgaria and romania and romania and with turkey and croatia are approaching the accession talks , it is increasingly important to reverse this view .
given that bulgaria and romania and romania are approaching and with turkey , and croatia will start to see accession talks , it is increasingly important to return this view .

řečeno matematicky , takový obraz udává amplitudu , ovšem nikoliv fáze - tj. etapy kmitavého pohybu - a bez nich nelze pozice atomů stanovit .
in mathematical terms , it gives the amplitude , but not the phases--i.e. , the stages in an oscillatory motion--without which the atomic positions could not be determined .
in other words , maternal maternal , such an image gives ambit , but not the stage - i.e. the stage of mitry movement - and without them , the position of atomes cannot be set .
in other words , mamathematics , such an image gives ambassador , but not at the stage - that is to say - and without them , we cannot lay down the position of atrocities .

právě to je význam slova <unk> solidarita <unk> , jak jej definuje oxfordský slovník angličtiny : <unk> jednota plynoucí z citů a náklonností <unk> .
this is the very meaning of the word &quot; solidarity , &quot; as defined in the oxford english dictionary : &quot; unity resulting from feelings and sympathies . &quot;
this is precisely the importance of the words of solidarity that will take place , as defined by the oxford word english : it will be a united one of the sensitivity and tolerance that is in place .
it is precisely this that is the importance of the word &apos; solidarity &apos; , as defined by the oxford word of english : the act of unity from sensitivity and cloning &apos; .

ačkoliv monetární růst je více než dvojnásobný oproti tempu růstu reálného hdp , inflační riziko je zřejmě nízké , protože zde existuje značný přebytek výrobní kapacity .
although monetary growth is more than twice the rate of real gdp growth , the inflationary risk is probably low because substantial excess capacity exists .
although monetary growth is more than double than the rate of growth in real gdp , the inflation risk is probably low , because there is a considerable surplus of production capacity .
although monetary growth is more than double than the rate of growth in real gdp , inflation is probably low because there is a considerable surplus of production capacity here .

vnitřní boje mezi socialisty navíc otupily jednu z jejich největsích politických výhod , totiž věcnou disciplínu a politickou profesionalitu , jež si s sebou přinesli z doby komunismu .
moreover , infighting among the socialists has dented one of their biggest political advantages : the hard-headed discipline and political professionalism inherited from their communist days .
in addition , the internal fight between the socialists has abandoned one of their greatest political benefits , namely the age of discipline and political professionalism that they have brought about from the time of communism .
in addition , the internal fight between the socialists has been abandoned by one of their greatest political benefits , namely the faithful discipline and political professionalism that have brought them out of communism .

problémy eura nicméně nemají svůj původ v takových zemích , kde se slabá měna obvykle předpokládá , jako je francie anebo itálie , řecko či španělsko , abychom jmenovali ty nečastější podezřelé .
the euro &apos;s problems , however , are not spawned in such supposed soft money countries as france or italy , greece or spain -- to round up the usual suspects .
however , the problems of the euro do not have their origins in such countries where the weak currency is usually envisaged , such as france or italy , greece or spain , to name those more frequent suspicions .
however , the problems of the euro do not have their origin in such countries , where the weak currency is usually envisaged , such as france or italy , greece or spain , to name the most frequent suspicions .

a i kdyby za druhé chodit chtěli , nemusí se jim podařit sehnat místa <unk> ta totiž často nejsou vůbec k dispozici , poněvadž předplatné zůstávají rok co rok v týchž rukou .
second , even if they do want to go , they may not be able to get seats , which often are not available because subscriptions stay in the same hands year after year .
and even if they want to go , they may not be able to seize the place of the place that is often not available at all , because the previous year remains the same year in the same hands .
and even if , secondly , they wanted to go , they may not be able to seize the seats of the place , because they are often not at all at all available because they remain in the same hands this year .

k hlavním politickým bitvám dochází mezi nacionalisticko-populistickými silami , jejichž názory byly vždy v jádru nedemokratické , a silami , které usilují o standardní demokracii .
the main political battles occur between nationalist / populist forces , whose outlook have in essence been undemocratic , and forces that struggle for standard democracy .
there is a major political battle between nationalistic and populist forces whose views have always been at the heart of undemocratic , and the forces that seek a standard democracy .
there is a major political battle between the nationalistic populist forces whose views have always been at the heart of the undemocratic , and forces that seek a standard democracy .

to znamená umlčet bezpočet zájmových skupin <unk> od průmyslových lobby přes odbory až po zakořeněnou byrokracii <unk> , které ( zatím ) úspěšně brání svá hájemství .
that means facing down the myriad interest groups -- from industry lobbies to trade unions and entrenched bureaucracies -- that have ( so far ) successfully protected their turfs .
this means silencing the countryside of interest groups from industrial lobbies , despite trade unions after rooted bureaucracy , which , in the meantime , will successfully prevent their defence .
this means simultaneously the number of interest groups from industrial lobbies , despite the trade unions being rooted by red red tape ( which , for the time being ) , will successfully prevent their defendants .

za prvé platí <unk> jak varovali skeptikové <unk> , že když hordy autorit bojují o místo na výsluní , cítí mnohé z nich pokušení tvrdit , že vědí více , než ve skutečnosti vědí .
first , as the <<unk>> tics warned , when hordes of pundits are jostling for the limelight , many are tempted to claim that they know more than they do .
firstly , as the sceptics have said , it is true that when mountains copy are fighting for soft , many of them feel tempted to claim that they know more than they know .
firstly , it is true that , as the sceptics did , that when the horrors are fighting for a place of interpretation , many of them are trying to claim that they know more than they actually know .

naše analýza začíná na částce 500 miliard dolarů , o níž otevřeně hovoří rozpočtový úřad kongresu <unk> a která sama o sobě desetkrát převyšuje náklady , o nichž před válkou mluvila administrativa .
our analysis starts with the $ 500 billion that the congressional budget office openly talks about , which is still ten times higher than what the administration said the war would cost .
our analysis starts on the sum of 500 billion dollars , which openly talks about the budgetary authority of the congress , and which alone translates the cost of which he was talking about before the war .
our analysis begins to a sum of 500 billion dollars , which openly speaks of the budgetary office of the congress , and which alone transcends the costs of which the administration spoke before the war .

není to tak dávno , co republikány ovládaný kongres zadržel poplatky osn ve výši jedné miliardy a pohrozil , že dlužnou částku vyplatí teprve tehdy , pokud osn splní celou řadu podmínek .
it was not long ago that a republican congress held up $ 1 billion of un dues , and threatened that it would only pay what it owed if the un satisfied a raft of conditions .
it is not so long ago that the republics dominated by the congress of un charges at one billion and threatened that the debtor will only pay the price if the un meets a whole series of conditions .
it is not so long ago what the republic of republics dominated by the congress of the united nations charges of one billion and has threatened that the debts are only paid if the un meets a whole range of conditions .

začít mohou tím , že se budou příznivěji dívat na brzké přijetí eura kandidátskými zeměmi , a to jak zeměmi s měnovým výborem , tak i zeměmi s plovoucími směnnými kurzy .
they can begin by viewing accession countries &apos; early adoption of the euro more favorably , both for countries with a currency board and for those with floating exchange rates .
they can start by looking at the early adoption of the euro by candidate countries , both with the monetary committee countries and countries with full exchange rates .
they can start by looking at the early adoption of the euro candidate countries , both with the monetary committee and the countries with full exchange rates .

je velkou otázkou pro evropany , zda dokáží najít způsoby , jak využít některých přínosů k efektivitě , jež model wal-martu ztělesňuje , aniž by se jím nechali zamořit .
the big question for europeans is whether they can find ways to exploit some of the efficiency gains embodied by the wal-mart model without being overrun by it .
it is a big question for europeans to find ways to make use of some of the benefits for the effectiveness of the wal-mary model without leaving it .
it is a major issue for europeans to find ways to make use of some of the benefits that the model of wal-mar-marriage devices does not allow them to be treated .

když ekonom bushovy administrativy larry lindsey krátce před současnou válkou v iráku odhadl , že se její náklady budou pohybovat mezi jedním a dvěma sty miliardami dolarů , ostatní oficiální činitelé to rychle zpochybnili .
shortly before the current iraq war , when bush administration economist larry lindsey suggested that the costs might range between $ 100 and $ 200 billion , other officials quickly demurred .
when the economist administration of lindsey shortly before the current war in iraq revealed that its costs will move between one and two billion dollars , other official actors have quickly questioned this .
when the economists of the bush administration of mr lindas shortly before the current war in iraq revealed that its costs will move between one and two billion dollars , the other official agents have quickly questioned this .

avšak bez závazku vlád , že budou omezovat emise skleníkových plynů i po roce 2012 , zůstane uhlíkový trh nejistý a soukromý sektor <unk> pro úspěch trhu nepostradatelný <unk> na něm jen stěží významnějším a trvalejším způsobem posílí svou účast .
but , without a commitment by governments to limit greenhouse gas emissions beyond 2012 , the carbon market will remain uncertain , and the private sector -- vital to the market &apos;s success -- is unlikely to expand its participation in a meaningful and sustained way .
however , without the commitment of governments to limit greenhouse gas emissions even after 2012 , the carbon market will remain uncertain and the private sector for the success of the market will be indispensable only in the process of making it more significant and lasting .
however , without the commitment of governments to limit greenhouse gas emissions after 2012 , the carbon market will remain uncertain and the private sector for the success of the market for the success of the market will not only become more important and lasting in a bid to strengthen its participation .

evropské sociální demokracie tradičně preferují alokaci vzácného zboží a služeb , jako jsou koncerty a opery ( financované obrovskými dotacemi , které mají udržet nízké ceny ) , spíše na základě front než na základě ochoty platit .
traditionally , europe &apos;s social democracies have preferred allocating scarce goods and services like concerts and operas by queues ( financed by huge subsidies to keep prices low ) rather than by willingness to pay .
the european social democracy traditionally prefer the retail of rare goods and services , such as consorts and opponents ( funded by huge subsidies to maintain low prices ) , rather than on the basis of choosing to pay .
the social european social democracy traditionally prefer the retail of rare goods and services , such as concerns and opponents ( financed by huge subsidies that are to keep low prices ) , rather than to pay on the basis of choosing .

skutečnost , že šaronovu mrtvici lze co do politických důsledků srovnat s atentátem na jicchaka rabina , dokládá , že jeho osobnost začala být spojována s nadějí a bezpečností .
that sharon &apos;s stroke could be compared -- in terms of political consequences -- with the assassination of yitzak rabin demonstrates that his personality had become associated with hope and security .
the fact that the flavourings of the dead can be compared to the political consequences of comparing the attribunal to the south of rabbin is shows that his person has begun to be associated with hope and security .
the fact that the arrogance of the dead can be compared to the political consequences of the atrocities on the south-bin , shows that his person has started to be linked to hope and security .

září je tradičně doba , kdy se operní společnosti a orchestry vracejí z aix , salcburku , tanglewoodu a bezpočtu dalších letních festivalů do domovských měst .
september is traditionally the time when opera companies and orchestras return to their home cities from aix , salzburg , tanglewood , and countless other summer festivals .
on september september , it is traditionally a time when oppressive companies and orchestrates return from the council , salcburg , tanglewoc and the number of other years of feedback to home towns .
on september , on september , it is a tradition of a time when the volcanic ash companies and orchechester are returning from salx , salcburg , tangley wood and the number of other years of nowadays to home towns .

takto silné podněty ke střádání a omezování výdajů můžou zapříčinit pád poptávky a růst nezaměstnanosti , a to dlouhodoběji , než se dříve jakýkoli tržně zaměřený politik či ekonom odvažoval si připustit .
such strong incentives to hoard rather than spend can keep demand low and falling , and unemployment high and rising , for a much longer time than even the most laissez-faire-oriented politician or economist had ever dared contemplate .
in this way , the strong stimulus to correct and limit expenditure can be caused by the fall in demand and growth of unemployment , and this will sacrifice it before any market policies or economists have been deemed to be allowed to be allowed to happen before any market policies are targeted or economist .
in such a strong stimulus as a result of such a strong stimulus and restriction of expenditure , i can cause the rise in demand and growth of unemployment , and that is the sacrifice before any market policy aimed at or economising the economist .

bernalův přítel glenn millikan už dříve navštívil laboratoř ve švédské uppsale , kde byly vytvořeny velké krystaly pepsinu , a několik těchto krystalů - v jejich matečném roztoku - přivezl do cambridge .
a friend of bernal &apos;s named glenn millikan had happened to visit a lab in uppsala , sweden , where large pepsin crystals had been obtained , and he brought some of the crystals , still in their mother-liquor , back to cambridge .
in the friend , glenn mlenkan , i visited the laboratories in the swedish upper , where large seats have been created , and several of these sections - in their magnitude - have come to camp camp .
mr glenan glena glena kan has already visited a laboratory in the swedish , but where large peash has been created , and several of these acids - in their master - came to camp camp .

kabinet tvrdí , že bude-li kosovu přiznána nezávislost , v následujících volbách se dostane k moci ultranacionalistická radikální strana . srbská vláda zároveň věří , že uspořádá-li volby ještě letos , přiměje tím kontaktní skupinu , aby svůj návrh radě bezpečnosti odložila .
it claims that if kosovo is granted independence , the ultranationalist radical party will come to power in the next elections , and believes that holding elections as early as this year will cause the contact group to delay a proposal to the security council .
in the coming elections , the serbian government is saying that if kosovo adds its independence , in the coming elections , it will be able to be able to make the ultra-radical radical party ; at the same time , the serbian government believes that if the elections are held this year , it is a contact group to postpone its proposal to the security council to postpone its proposal .
in fact , the serbian government believes that , if kosovo is given independence , it will come to the power of the ultra-transit party in the next elections , the serbian government believes that , if the elections have been held this year , it is a contact group to postpone its proposal to the council &apos;s security council .

schrã <unk> der a spd od konce roku 2002 čelã <unk> mimořã ¡ dně nã <unk> zkã <unk> m hodnocenã <unk> m veřejnã <unk> oblã <unk> benosti - a tento trend se pravděpodobně hned tak nezměnã <unk> .
since the end of 2002 , schröder and the spd have been facing unusually low public approval ratings - and this pattern is not likely to change soon .
in the end of 2002 , the ifrs and the split of the 1990s , the ivial ivial ivirus has been ashamed of a possible balance in the balance sheet of the public community , which has been expired in place - and this trend will probably not be in place as soon as possible .
since the end of 2002 , the massacre of the wake of the censor and spd , since the end of 2002 , the cld &apos;ivoire of an overwhelming influenza of the centum of a censuship of the ombudsman &apos;s membership of the embassies , and this trend is likely to be unchanged as soon as possible .

v tomto kontextu je potřeba zmínit , že čína , jejíž kapitálový účet je uzavřený , má valutové rezervy dosahující 286 miliard usd , tedy čtyřikrát více než indie , ačkoli čínská ekonomika je jen dvakrát větší než indická .
in this context , it is noteworthy that china , with a closed capital account , has foreign-exchange reserves of us $ 286 billion , four times the size of india &apos;s , though china &apos;s economy is only double india &apos;s size .
in this context , there is a need to mention that china , whose capital accounts are closed , has a general reserve of 286 billion , that is , usd 40 times more than india , although the chinese economy is only twice as many as india .
in this context , there is a need to mention that china , whose capital accounts are closed , has a great reserve of usd 286 billion , that is , four times more than india , although the chinese economy is only twice more than india .

přestože difrakci paprsků x na krystalech objevili max von laue , walter friedrich a paul knipping , byl to lawrence bragg , kdo pochopil , jak by jí šlo vědecky využít .
although max von laue , walter friedrich , and paul knipping had discovered the diffraction of x-rays by crystals , it was lawrence bragg who understood how it could be exploited scientifically .
despite the fact that the rationale of fingerprints on fix lax max lavon , walter friedill paeda , paul and paul book , was the rhg , who understood how it would be scientifically used .
in spite of the rationale of paprint fix fix , max von lady won , edter frieda and paeda books , it was the rgg bogg , who understood how it would be used to make scientific use .

kibicové krachu si ve stejném období vedli ještě hůře než optimisté , když přeháněli pravděpodobnost změn k horšímu všude tam , kde kibicové vzmachu zdůrazňovali pozitivní obrat , a také na několika dalších místech ( stále čekám na blížící se rozpad kanady , nigérie , indie , indonésie , jihoafrické republiky , belgie a súdánu . )
in the same period , doomsters performed even more poorly , exaggerating the chances of negative changes in all the same places where boomsters accentuated the positive , plus several more ( i still await the impending disintegration of canada , nigeria , india , indonesia , south africa , belgium , and sudan ) .
at the same time , they have done even worse than optimistic when the likely changes have been made to the mountain , where chicken batteries have highlighted positive turmoil , and also in a few years &apos; time , in the wake of the west , nigeria , india , indonesia , india , india , denial , denial , denial and sudan , as well as in a number of other places .
in the same period , even worse than optimistic when there were more likely changes to the worst , where kiev , kiev and the republic of kiev , has underlined the positive focus , and also in several places ( the germans of gnigeria , india , india , india and south africa ) , and the republic of africa , and the republic of africa .

na konci 70. let monetaristé sázeli na to , že pouhé dočasné a mírné zvýšení nezaměstnanosti dokáže přitáhnout uzdu plíživé <unk> a cválající <unk> inflaci průmyslového západu a že zpětně se bude mít za to , že cena zaplacená za návrat k efektivní cenové stabilitě stála za to .
at the end of the 1970 &apos;s , monetarists bet that only a transitory and modest increase in unemployment could rein in the creeping -- and trotting -- inflation of the industrial west , and that in retrospect the cost of returning to effective price stability would be judged worthwhile .
at the end of the 1970s , the only temporary and moderate increase in unemployment will be able to attract the flourishing and weighed industrial inflation , and that the price of the west will be paid back to the end of the 1970s , that the temporary , temporary and moderate increase in unemployment will be able to attract the flourishing of the fat and flourishing of industrial inflation , and that the euro area is going to be fully paid for an effective balance .
in fact , at the end of the 1970s , it is at stake that the temporary and temporary increase in unemployment can be included in full and retail , that the price of industrial returns will be paid at the end of the 1970s , at the end of the 1970s , that the temporary and temporary increase in unemployment will be able to sustain full for the full and reimbursement of the offence of industrial inflation , and that it will be paid for an effective reimbursement of the west and for the return to be paid for the stability .

rostoucí nezaměstnanost , rozšiřující se mezery v dovednostech a produktivitě a přibývající <unk> neformální <unk> či <unk> příležitostný <unk> charakter trhů práce zároveň příjmovou nerovnost po celém světě zjitřily , neboť se rozrostl počet <unk> pracující chudiny <unk> a rozšířil se výskyt <unk> růstu bez tvorby pracovních míst <unk> .
meanwhile , growing unemployment , widening skill and productivity gaps , and the &quot; informalization &quot; or &quot; casualization &quot; of labor markets have exacerbated income inequalities worldwide , as the number of &quot; working poor &quot; and the incidence of &quot; jobless growth &quot; has spread .
at the same time , the growing levels of unemployment in the workplace have been underdeveloped , and there has been an informal and inertia of the labour markets , at the same time , because the number of workers working around the world has grown around the world , the rise in the world has been in place , the increasing levels of unemployment , the increase in the number of gaps that have been in the workplace , which has been in place , and which has been in place in a workplace , which has been in a workable workplace that has been in place , which has been a workable and which has been in place which has been in place which has developed and which has grown into force and which has been a workable and which is going on an informal or an informal or an inconvenient , the number of indiscriminate , the number of unprofitable , the number of indiscriminate and the number of inconvenience , the
at the same time , the growing unemployment gap , the growing loopholes in skills , and the inherent business , and the informal nature of the labour markets , at the same time , has increased the number of working workers , the increase in unemployment , the growing gap , the increase in the increase in the distribution of skills , and the inclusion of a venture of a spontaneous offence and the inclusion of the informal or periodic nature of the labour markets , at the same time , the incumbent of the inincome labour markets has grown in the world , since they have increased the number of the number of working and the number of the number of the number of working career and the number of working career and non-employment and the number of the number of the number of employment and non-tariff growth of the number of women involved in the number of employment growth and non-inclusive growth , and non-women and non-inclusive growth of the number of

