blairovo fiasko v eu
blair &apos;s eu disaster
io fiao in the eu
welfare of fiasco in the eu

dodrží eu svůj závazek turecku ?
will the eu keep faith with turkey ?
will the eu give its commitment to turkey ?
will the eu add its commitment to turkey ?

tady je nejpodstatnější partnerství .
partnership is essential here .
there is the most important partnership here .
there is the most substantial partnership here .

co tento trend zastaví ?
what can halt this ?
what does this trend stop ?
does this trend stop ?

voda pro všechny
water for all
for everyone .
all of the water and water for all

v ideálním světě končí konflikty dohodami a ujednáními .
in an ideal world , conflicts end by agreements and treaties .
in the ideal world , the conflicts of agreements and negotiations end .
in the ideal world , conflicts of agreements and negotiations end .

současná válka v iráku je toho zřejmě nejsilnějším důkazem .
the current war in iraq is perhaps the strongest proof of this .
the current war in iraq seems to be the strongest proof of this .
the current war in iraq seems to be the strongest proof .

její nákladnost se přitom jeví jako relativně malá .
the costs appear relatively small .
at the same time , its cost seems relatively small .
however , its cost seems to be relatively small .

mnozí evropané považují ameriku za silného přítele .
most europeans see in america a strong friend .
many europeans consider america to be a strong friend .
many europeans consider america as a strong friend .

nerovnost příjmů vrhá dlouhý stín .
income inequality casts a long shadow .
the inequality of income is a long shadow shadow .
the inequality of inincome is a long shadow .

znamená to , že vidění evropy a usa je diametrálně odlišné ?
does this mean that europe and the us have dramatically different visions ?
does this mean that europe &apos;s vision and the us is diametrically different ?
does this mean that europe &apos;s vision and the us are diametrically different ?

taková debata by se měla týkat i vzdělávání - jeho pravidel , cílů a obsahu .
such a debate should also involve education - its rules , objectives , and contents .
such a debate should also apply to education - its rules , objectives and content .
such a debate should also apply to education - its rules , objectives and content .

washington zatím bohužel nedal najevo , že by tento problém bral vážně .
regrettably , there are no indications yet that the problem is recognized in washington as a serious one .
unfortunately , washington has not yet shown that this problem would be seriously serious .
unfortunately , washington has not shown so far that this problem would be taken seriously .

je dobré , že je jan pavel ii. mezi námi .
it is good that john paul ii is among us .
it is a good thing that jan paul iij is among us .
it is a good thing that jan pagaij is among us .

- instituce stabilizující trh ( pro měnovou a fiskální správu )
market-stabilizing institutions ( for monetary and fiscal management ) ;
- institutions stabilising the market ( for monetary and fiscal governance )
( for monetary and fiscal governance ) , institutions - stabilisation of the market ( monetary and fiscal governance )

byla válka ospravedlněna ve smyslu , , nákladů a zisků &quot; a byla skutečně poslední možností ?
was the war justified in terms of costs and benefits , and was war really the last resort ?
was the war justified in terms of , costs and profits &apos; , and was it really the last option ?
was the war justified in the sense , costs and profits &apos; and was indeed the last option ?

čína je desetkrát větší než japonsko a ani s japonskem se nejednalo snadno .
china is ten times the size of japan , and japan was not easy to deal with , either .
china is ten times greater than japan and it was not easy to do with japan .
china is 10 times more than japan , and it was not easy to do with japan .

australský ekonom john quig<unk> vede na své webové stránce (
the australian economist john quiggin has an illuminating discussion on his website (
australian economist , john quiesa , leads to his website (
auaustralian economist john dugary is conducting on his website (

v tuto chvíli to mimo jiné znamená , , říci ne &quot; prezidentu bushovi .
right now , this entails <<unk>> just saying no &apos; to president bush .
at the moment , this means , among other things , &apos; no &apos; to president bush .
at the moment , this means , among other things , to say &apos; president bush &apos; .

indie skutečně směřuje k odvážné reformě : úplné mezinárodní směnitelnosti rupie .
indeed , india is edging toward a truly bold reform : full international convertibility of the rupee .
india is indeed moving towards a courageous reform : full international legacy of the russians .
indeed , india is moving towards a courageous reform : the full international rigidity of pictures .

v tomto širším a nejistějším kontextu se jako strašák objevuje potřeba řídit vojenské humanitární intervence .
in this wider and uncertain context , the need to regulate humanitarian military intervention looms large .
in this wider and more precarious context , there is a need to manage military humanitarian intervention .
in this wider and more uncertain context , the need for military intervention arises as a terrible context .

v některých zemích může nová vodní infrastruktura znamenat kanály , čerpací stanice a ochranné hráze .
in some countries , new water infrastructure may mean canals , pumping stations , and levees .
in some countries , the new water infrastructure can mean channels , exhaustive stations and protective players .
in some countries , the new water infrastructure can mean channels , packaging and protective players .

spekulativní bublina nafukující se výlučně prostřednictvím reakce na zvýšení cen nemůže trvat věčně .
a speculative bubble , sustaining itself solely by reaction to price increases , cannot go on forever .
speculative bubbbbble exclusively through a response to price increases cannot take place .
speculative bubble bubble is exclusively through a response to the increase in prices .

prvním velkoměstem , které zaznamenalo boom , se stal kolem roku 1996 londýn .
the first big city to boom was london , starting around 1996 .
the first of the greeks recorded by boom has become london around 1996 .
the first of the commodities recorded by boom has become around 1996 london .

v nejbližší době ale úplná převoditelnost kapitálového účtu není v indickém zájmu .
but , in the near term , full capital account convertibility is not in india &apos;s interest .
in the near future , however , the total transfer of capital accounts is not in the indian interest .
however , in the near future , the full transfer of capital accounts is not in the indian interest .

a tak němečtí plátci daní budou dál přispívat na úhradu dotací , ze kterých nemá německo žádný prospěch .
so german taxpayers will keep paying for subsidies that don &apos;t benefit germans .
thus , the german tax plans will continue to contribute to the reimbursement of subsidies from which germany has no benefit .
so the german tax plans will continue to contribute to the reimbursement of subsidies from which germany has no benefit .

taková fiskální expanze by však pravděpodobně danou zemi v otázce přijetí eura v dohledné době diskvalifikovala .
however , such fiscal expansion would probably disqualify a country from entering the euro any time soon .
however , such fiscal expansion would probably be a country in the question of the adoption of the euro at the foreseeable time .
however , such fiscal expansion would probably be a country with regard to the adoption of the euro in the foreseeable times .

při výběru institucí může pomoci nejen ekonomická analýza , ale je zde i velký prostor pro veřejnou diskusi a kolektivní výběr .
while economic analysis can help in making institutional choices , there is also a large role for public deliberation and collective choice .
when selecting institutions , it can help not only economic analysis , but there is also a great deal for public debate and collective choice .
in selecting institutions , it can help not only economic analyses , but there is also a great area for public debate and collective choice .

kromě toho zde byly na zvládnutelnou úroveň omezeny i jiné problémy , například rizika spojená se záplavami .
in addition , other water-related issues , such as the risks posed by flooding , have been reduced to manageable levels .
in addition , there were other problems , such as the risk associated with flooding , for example .
in addition , there have been a zero level of constraints and other problems , such as the risks associated with flooding .

z rigidní komunistické strany československa vsak žádná silná demokratická strana vzejít nemohla .
no strong social democratic party in czechoslovakia could emerge from the rigid czechoslovak communist party .
from the rigid communist party of czech czechoslovakia , there could be no strong democratic party .
from the rigid communist party of czechoslovakia , a strong democratic party could not go out .

neoliberalismus je k neoklasické ekonomii ve stejném poměru jako astrologie k astronomii .
neoliberalism is to neoclassical economics as astrology is to astronomy .
neoliberalism is a non-classic economy in the same level as astrological to astrone .
neoliberalism is an unclassic economy in the same proportion as astrological to astronia .

mnohé skupiny imigrantů se v evropě kvůli nemožnosti společenské a hospodářské integrace ocitají odráženy zpět do svých komunit .
many immigrant groups in europe find themselves flung back on their own communities by the impossibility of social and economic integration .
many immigrant groups in europe are reflected in their communities due to the inability of social and economic integration .
many groups of immigrants are in europe due to the inability of social and economic integration reflect them back into their communities .

nepoznají však , kdy mají šlápnout na mentální brzdu a připustit i jiné názorové hledisko .
but they don &apos;t know when to slam the mental brakes by making concessions to other points of view .
however , they do not know where they have to put on the mental brink and allow other views .
they do not know , however , when they are to hesitate to a wonderful brake and allow other views to be taken .

před první světovou válkou se německý národní fotbalový tým skládal výhradně z hráčů s polskými jmény .
indeed , before world war i the german national football team consisted entirely of players with polish names .
before the first world war , the german national football team consisted exclusively of players with the polish name .
before the first world war , the german national football team consisted exclusively from polish names .

koncept &quot; kolektivní viny &quot; evropa zavrhla , neboť ve sjednocené a sjednocující se evropě nemá místo .
notions about &quot; collective guilt &quot; were put aside as having no place in a united and uniting europe .
the concept of &apos; collective guilt &apos; europe has plundered because it does not have a place in a united and united europe .
the concept of &apos; collective guilty &apos; europe &apos; has resulted in it , as it does not have a place in a united and united europe .

hlavním smyslem jeho nové ústavy je přitom preambule , která označuje kosovo za nezadatelnou součást srbska .
the main purpose of his new constitution is its preamble , which enshrines kosovo as an inalienable part of serbia .
at the same time , its new constitution is the preamble described by kosovo as an inalienable part of serbia .
the main purpose of its new constitution is , at the same time , the preamble , which indicates kosovo as an inalienable part of serbia .

výzkumný program byl bohužel zrušen dříve , než se jeho závěry mohly uplatnit v podnikatelském světě <unk> téměř jistě proto , že ohrožoval velké firmy .
unfortunately , the research program was cancelled before its findings could be applied in the business world , almost certainly because it threatened large companies .
unfortunately , the research programme was abolished before its conclusions were able to apply in the business world almost certainly because it threatens large companies .
unfortunately , the research programme has been abolished earlier than its conclusions could have been applied in the business world , almost certainly because it jeopardised large firms .

mezi jednotlivými stupni organizační struktury nebo i mezi buňkami navzájem navíc existují obrovské rozdíly co do rizika , odměn a závazných pravidel .
moreover , there are vast differences in terms of risks , rewards , and imperatives as one moves up the organizational chain , or jumps from cell to cell .
in addition , there are huge differences between the various organisational structures or between the buses and between each other in the risks , remuneration and binding rules .
in addition , there are huge differences in risks , remuneration and binding rules between the various organisations or between buyers .

limity na valutových účtech vývozců budou zrušeny a banky budou moci investovat na zámořských trzích peněz a dluhů .
limits on exporters &apos; foreign-currency accounts will be removed , and banks may invest in overseas money and debt markets .
the limits for exports of exporting exporters will be abolished and the banks will be able to invest in the overseas markets of money and debt .
the limits on the general export accounts will be abolished and banks will be able to invest in the overseas markets and debts .

velikost těchto transferů by však závisela na finanční politice eu v době přijetí , výsledku přístupových jednání a hospodářském vývoji v turecku .
the size of these transfers , however , would depend on the eu &apos;s financial policies at the time of admission , the outcome of accession negotiations , and economic developments in turkey .
however , the size of these transfers would depend on eu financial policy at a time of adoption , the outcome of accession negotiations and economic development in turkey .
however , the size of these transfers would depend on eu financial policy at a time of adoption , the outcome of accession negotiations and economic developments in turkey .

nejednota eu ohledně války v iráku by neměla zastiňovat shodu jejích členských států téměř ve všech ostatních hlavních otázkách mezinárodního dění .
the eu &apos;s disunity over the war in iraq should not overshadow its member states &apos; agreement on almost all other great questions of international affairs .
the eu &apos;s unity regarding the war in iraq should not be to agree on the agreement of its member states in almost all the other main issues of international action .
the eu &apos;s unity on the war in iraq should not consist of the agreement of its member states in almost all other major international issues .

představa , že se američané dostali ve všem na vyšší příčku , zatímco ostatní bohaté země stojí na místě , je tedy nesmírně zavádějící .
the notion that americans have gotten better at everything while other rich countries have stood still is thus wildly misleading .
the idea that the americans have received a higher number of arrival in all of them , while the other rich countries are at the ground is therefore extremely misleading .
the idea that the americans have received a higher friend in all of them , while other rich countries are on the ground is therefore extremely misleading .

pro současné demokraty je co nejúplnější respekt vůči autonomnímu jedinci , slovy thomase jeffersona , <unk> samozřejmý &quot; .
for contemporary democrats , the fullest possible respect for the autonomous individual is , as thomas jefferson put it , &quot; self-evident . &quot;
for the current democracies , it is as complete as possible to respect the autonomous individual , in the words of thomas jean fferber , a self-evident &apos; .
for the current democracies , it is as complete as possible to the autonomous individual , in words thomas thomon , jefson , the self-evident &apos; .

k tomu všemu se ještě přidává severoevropská nespokojenost s centrálními bankéři , zejména s ecb a s eurem .
coupled with all this is northern european discontent with the central bankers , specifically with the ecb and the euro .
for all this , the north european dissatisfaction with central bankers , particularly the ecb and the euro .
the north european dissatisfaction with central bankers , particularly with the ecb and the euro , is still added to this .

takovéto otázky ještě nikdy v minulosti nebyly tak naléhavé , zčásti proto , že základní demokratické hodnoty bývaly méně abstraktní , než se jeví dnes .
such questions were never so urgent in the past , partly because fundamental democratic values were less abstract than they seem nowadays .
such issues have never been so urgent in the past , partly because the basic democratic values of the former have been less abstract than they seem to appear today .
such questions have never been so urgent in the past , partly because the basic democratic values of the former were less vigilant than it seems today .

tyto knihy ( a trendy , které naznačují ) jsou stále méně dogmatické a stále důmyslněji si osvojují moderní metody řízení .
these books ( and the trends they indicate ) are becoming less dogmatic and increasingly sophisticated in the adoption of modern management techniques .
these books ( and the trends that indicate ) are still less dogmatic and are increasingly worried about modern management methods .
these books ( and trends that indicate ) are still less dogmatic and increasingly mindful of modern management methods .

neustálým naléháním na nižší úrokové sazby , než může ecb zajistit , dělají politici z centrální banky obětního beránka chabé hospodářské výkonnosti evropy .
by constantly pushing for lower interest rates than the ecb can deliver , politicians set the central bank up as a scapegoat for europe &apos;s poor economic performance .
continually urged interest rates than the ecb can ensure , politicians from the central bank of the victims of the berlin economic performance of europe are doing so .
the constant insistence on lower interest rates than the ecb can ensure that politicians from the central bank make the scapegoat economic performance of europe .

nízkou úrodnost zemědělské půdy lze zvýšit zlepšeným výběrem osiv přizpůsobených africkým podmínkám v kombinaci s technologiemi pro obnovu půdy a vodní hospodářství .
low farm yields can be addressed through improved seed varieties specially adapted for african conditions , combined with technologies for replenishing soil and managing water .
the low fertility of agricultural land can be increased by improving the selection of osies adapted to african conditions in the combination of technologies for the reconstruction of soil and water economy .
the low birth rate of agricultural land can be increased by improving the improved selection of orphans adapted to african conditions in combination with soil recovery technology and water economy .

strategie je založena na <unk> kolegiálním tlaku <unk> <unk> vlády jmenují a pranýřují své protějšky , které nečiní dostatečný pokrok .
the strategy rests on peer pressure , naming and shaming governments that fail to make progress .
the strategy is based on the basis of the collective pressure that the government has assumed and finds its counterparts that do not make sufficient progress .
the strategy is based on the embryonic pressure of the embassies of the crackdown of the government to appoint and to shut their counterparts , which do not make sufficient progress .

míra spontánního nahlašování případů regulačním úřadům je nízká <unk> přibližně 1 % <unk> a průběžné sledování situace je v mnoha zemích pasivní .
spontaneous reporting rates to regulatory agencies are low -- approximately 1 % -- and ongoing monitoring is passive in many countries .
the level of spontaneous hunger of the cases of regulatory authorities is low by around 1 % , and the ongoing monitoring of the situation is passive in many countries .
the rate of the spontaneous hunger of the cases of the regulatory authorities is a low percentage of around 1 % and the ongoing monitoring of the situation is passive in many countries .

zaměření politické vůle i úsilí mladých lidí samotných na rozšiřování příležitostí , zvyšování schopností a poskytování druhé šance může státům pomoci vytěžit maximum z dnešní demografické výhody .
focusing political will and the efforts of young people themselves to expand opportunities , enhance capabilities , and provide second chances can help countries make the most of today &apos;s demographic advantage .
the focus of political will , as well as the efforts of young people themselves to extend opportunities , increase skills and the second chance of providing states can help the most of today &apos;s demographic benefits .
the focus of political will , as well as the efforts of young people themselves to extend opportunities , increase capabilities and providing the second chance , can help the member states to benefit from the most of today &apos;s demographic benefits .

to je také důvod , proč výkonní umělci v evropě mají rádi veřejné peníze <unk> osvobozují je od <unk> stravy <unk> složené jen z beethovena a mozarta .
this is one reason performing artists in europe like public money -- it liberates them from a diet of only beethoven and mozart .
this is also the reason why the executive artists in europe are happy to free public money from the diet that is in place only belonging to beijing and mozarre .
this is also the reason why the executive artists in europe are happy to have public money to exempt them from the diet of the fabric of beaten and mozarre .

schrã <unk> dera v minulosti ji<unk> <unk> několikrã ¡ t naplnila energiã <unk> zoufalã ¡ situace , kterã ¡ ho přitlačila ke zdi .
several times before , schröder had been thoroughly energized by desperate situations when he stood with his back to the wall .
in the past , the schrroider has been able to flourishing the virus in the past has achieved the viability of a desperate situation , the wiser has attracted it to the walls .
in the past , the schwab of the são assassination of several influenza has fulfilled the vicious influenza of the situation of the great extent , the great extent of this house has attracted it to the wall .

hostitelem summitu z roku 2000 byl bohužel josé manuel barroso , tehdejší premiér portugalska a současný předseda evropské komise , který na lisabonskou strategii vsadil své předsednictví .
unfortunately , the host of the 2000 summit was josé manuel barroso , then prime minister of portugal and current president of the european commission , who has staked his presidency on the lisbon strategy .
unfortunately , the host of the 2000 summit was josé manuel barroso , the then prime minister of portugal and the current president of the european commission , who had saddened his presidency on the lisbon strategy .
unfortunately , the host of the 2000 summit was josé manuel barroso , the then prime minister of portugal and the current president of the european commission , who , on the lisbon strategy , was the presidency .

samozřejmě , zdálo se , že poněkud déle trvalo , než se zprávy o rozsahu pohromy dostaly do texaského crawfordu na ranč prezidenta bushe .
of course , it seemed to take somewhat longer for news of the extent of the disaster to reach the crawford , texas , ranch of president bush .
of course , it seemed that it seemed to be a little longer than the report on the scale of the scourge of the thacratic crawford in president bush .
of course , it seemed that there has been a little longer than the report on the scale of the saturday in the texts of president bush .

není potom divu , že v německu , kde 50 let panování zdravé a silné měny přineslo hrdost a úspěch , slabost eura vzbuzuje velký neklid .
no surprise , then , that in germany -- where 50 years of sound money brought pride and economic success -- the euro &apos;s softness is worrying .
then it is not a dilemma that , in germany , in which 50 years of a healthy and strong currency has brought enough and success , the weakness of the euro has caused a great deal of unrest .
then it is not a wonder that in germany , where 50 years of healthy and strong currency has brought a great deal of pride and success , the weakness of the euro is causing a great deal of climate .

mnozí z nás věří , že tak těžko uskutečnitelný úkol může splnit jen prozřetelný muž , a to se všemi nadějemi <unk> a nástrahami <unk> , které z toho vyplývají .
many of us believe that such an impossible wager can be fulfilled only by a providential man , with all the hopes -- and dangers -- that this entails .
many of us believe that such a difficult task can only be fulfilled by a provisional man , with all the history and the anxiety that they have come from .
many of us believe that such a difficult task can only be fulfilled by a prominent man , with all the history of the fool and the diet that they emit from this .

průzkumy provedené světovou bankou v rozvojových zemích ukazují , že když jsou lidé požádáni , aby vyjmenovali tři věci , na nichž jim nejvíce záleží , vždy uvedou <unk> pevné zdraví <unk> .
surveys undertaken by the world bank in developing countries show that , when poor people are asked to name the three most important concerns they face , &quot; good health &quot; is always mentioned .
the surveys carried out by the world bank in developing countries show that when people are asked to list three things on which they are most concerned , they always have a solid health balance .
surveys carried out by the world bank in developing countries show that , when people are asked to list three things on which they are most concerned , they always give them strong health .

abychom se vypořádali s výzvami , jež představuje severní korea , írán , sýrie či další oblasti , bude zapotřebí různých politických přístupů , šitých na míru dané místní , regionální a mezinárodní skutečnosti .
different policies-tailored for local , regional , and international realities-will be needed to meet the challenges posed by north korea , iran , syria , or elsewhere .
in order to tackle the challenges posed by north korea , iran , syria or other areas , there will be a need for different political approaches , shocking at the level of local , regional and international facts .
in order to deal with the challenges posed by north korea , iran , syria or other areas , various political approaches , local , regional and international facts will be needed .

latinská amerika je možná známa svou <unk> machistickou &quot; kulturou , ale ženy zde stále více participují na trhu pracovních sil a dosahují význačného politického a společenského postavení .
latin america may be known for its &quot; macho &quot; culture , but women increasingly participate in the labor force and attain prominent political and social positions .
latin america may be aware of its protective &apos; culture &apos; , but women are increasingly involved in the labour market and have an important political and social position .
latin america is perhaps known for its substitute &apos; culture &apos; , but women are increasingly involved in the labour market and achieving a major political and social position .

je konzervativcem milujícím svobodu a je , , šiřitelem míru &quot; , který odsuzuje bezpráví , ale jenž nám připomíná , že milosrdenství je důležitější než spravedlnost .
he is a conservative who loves freedom and a &quot; peacemonger &quot; who condemns injustice , but who reminds us that mercy is more important than justice .
it is a conservatives of love freedom and it is , a massacre of peace &apos; , which condemns no reports , but which reminds us that mercury is more important than justice .
the conservatives are a conservatives of love freedom and it is , a slight of peace &apos; , which condemns the reports , but which reminds us that mirrors are more important than justice .

orbánův zpola úspěsný pokus sjednotit pravici pod vlajkou fidesz je mezi rozvrácenými a rozhádanými pravicovými stranami střední a východní evropy naprosto ojedinělý .
premier orban &apos;s semi-successful efforts to unify the right under the banner of fidesz are unique among eastern europe &apos;s fractured and fractious rightist parties .
the orbán has delayed the attempt to unify the right under the fidess &apos;s flagship , among the dispersed and deployed right-wing parties in central and eastern europe , completely isolated .
the orbán has delayed the successful attempt to unite the right under the flass flass flagship flagship flag between the returns and the right-wing parties of central and eastern europe .

afričtí zemědělci vyprodukují na hektar zemědělské půdy zhruba třetinu toho co jejich kolegové jinde na světě , což má za následek hojně rozšířený hlad , který ještě zhoršuje silná hrozba nemocí .
africa &apos;s farmers produce roughly one-third or less food per hectare of farmland than their counterparts around the world , resulting in massive hunger , which is exacerbated by a heavy disease burden .
african farmers are producing around a third of their colleagues in the world on hectares of agricultural land , which is due to the widespread hunger that is exacerbated by a strong threat of disease .
african farmers produce around a third of what their colleagues elsewhere in the world , resulting in an enlarged hunger , which is exacerbated by a strong threat of disease .

vskutku , jeho nový ministr vnitra , ghazí kanaán , konzervativní zastánce tvrdé linie , stál zhruba v posledním roce v čele tvrdého postupu proti reformistům a kurdům .
indeed , his new interior minister , ghazi kanaan , an old-school hardliner , spearheaded a crackdown on reformers and kurds in the past year or so .
indeed , his new interior minister , ghair , the conservative supporter of the hard line , stood at around the last year at a hard procedure against reformists and kurds .
indeed , his new minister of the interior , ghassi , the conservative supporter of a hard line , has stood around the last year in the harsh procedure against reformists and kurds .

kořeny jejích problémů sahají až do komunistické éry , kdy se odborové hnutí , které by za běžného stavu stálo na levé straně politické osy , stalo hlavním oponentem komunistického režimu .
its problems originate in the communist era , when a trade union movement , which under normal circumstances should stand to the political left , became the main anti-communist opposition .
the root of its problems lies in the communist era when the trade union movement , which would cost the political ossetia in the normal state of affairs , has become the main opponent of the communist regime .
the roots of its problems goes to the communist era , when the trade union movement , which , under the normal state of the political eight party , has become the main opponent of the communist regime .

přemítali nad nejnovějsími ekonomickými prognózami , které odhadují letosní roční růst hdp v eurozóně na žalostně chudokrevných 0,7 % .
they ruminated over the most recent economic forecast , which projects annual gdp growth in the euro zone this year at a pathetically anemic 0.7 % .
the recent economic forecasts , which estimate the annual growth of gdp in the euro area , have exchanged over the latest economic forecasts , which estimate the annual growth of gdp in the euro area to the retail 0.7 % .
they have relocated over the latest economic forecasts , which are estimated at the annual growth of gdp in the euro area in the master of 0.7 % .

evropská komise by tedy měla přestat řinčet zbraněmi v prohrané bitvě , protože tím jen oslabuje svou důvěryhodnost , obzvlášť v očích malých zemí , které se jako jediné nechají donutit k přijetí nechtěných fiskálních pravidel .
so the european commission should stop fighting a rearguard battle that merely weakens its credibility , especially in the eyes of small countries , which are the only ones that can be bullied into accepting unwanted fiscal rules .
the european commission should therefore stop the anger of weapons in the beautiful battle because this only weakens its credibility , particularly in the eyes of small countries , which , as the only ones , are forced to adopt unwanted fiscal rules .
the european commission should therefore stop the insult of weapons in the crackdown battle , because it only weakens its credibility , particularly in the eyes of small countries , which , as the only one , are forced to impose unwanted fiscal rules .

při převoditelnosti kapitálového účtu by měnový kurz rupie určovaly více kapitálové toky než inflační rozdíly , neboť indická míra inflace se obecně pohybuje v souladu s průměrem zemí oecd kolem 3 % .
with capital-account convertibility , the rupee &apos;s exchange rate will be determined more by capital flows than by inflation differentials , as india &apos;s inflation rate remains broadly in line with the oecd average of around 3 % .
in terms of the transfer of capital accounts , the monetary exchange rate from pirates would determine more capital flows than inflation differences , as indian inflation rate is generally in line with the flow of the oecd countries around 3 % .
in the transfer of capital accounts , the monetary exchange rate would determine more capital flows than inflation , as the indian inflation rate is generally in line with the oecd average of 3 % .

strachují se , že centrální bankéři budou trvat na horší dostupnosti peněz i po provedení strukturálních reforem , jež sníží přitažlivost dávek v nezaměstnanosti a posílí schopnost pracovníků stěhovat se za prací a schopnost firem stěhovat se za pracovníky .
they worry that even after undertaking structural reforms to reduce the attractiveness of unemployment benefits and increase the ability of workers to move to jobs and of firms to move to workers , central bankers will continue to insist on tight money .
they fear that central bankers will insist on the worse accessibility of money , as well as the implementation of structural reforms , which will reduce the attractiveness of youth in unemployment and will strengthen the ability of workers to work and the ability of companies to move for workers .
they fear that central bankers will insist on the worse availability of money , as well as the implementation of structural reforms , which will reduce the attractiveness of unemployment benefits , and will strengthen the ability of workers to move to work and the ability of companies to move behind workers .

experti se mohou lišit v názoru , zda byl tento krok předčasný , ale nikdo nesouhlasí s mnoha politickými předáky , kteří argumentují tím , že toto drobné zvýšení zadusí nesměle obnovený ekonomický růst .
experts can disagree about whether the move was premature , but no one agrees with the many political leaders who have argued that the tiny hike will derail the timid resumption of economic growth .
in the opinion of experts , they can see whether this step has been premature , but no one agrees with many political leaders who argue that this small increase in detention will not be a resume economic growth .
the experts can read in the opinion that this step was premature , but no one agrees with many political leaders who are arguing that this small increase in the detention process will not be restored by renewed economic growth .

sudetské němce nazval hitlerovou &quot; pátou kolonou &quot; a naznačil , že izrael by mohl palestinský problém vyřešit stejně jako československo v roce 1945 : deportací .
he described the sudeten germans as hitler &apos;s &quot; fifth column &quot; and suggested that israel could solve its palestinian problem through resort to the czech method of 1945 : deportation .
the germans called hitler , hitler , called the &apos; fifth colony &apos; , indicated that israel could solve the palestinian problem as well as the czechoslovakia in 1945 : deportations .
the sudanese german germanoeuvre called the hitler &apos; fifth colony &apos; and indicated that israel could resolve the palestinian problem as well as the czechoslovakia in 1945 : deportations .

pokud přesvědčivá fakta prokáží , že irák měl zbraně hromadného ničení při ruce , že byly v nebezpečném rozsahu nachystány k použití a že inspektoři osn měli malé vyhlídky na odhalení a zničení těchto zbraní , pak budeme muset argumenty vznesené bushem a blairem uznat .
if compelling evidence proves that weapons of mass destruction were at hand ; that they were poised for use on a threatening scale ; that the un inspectors had poor prospects of uncovering and dismantling those weapons , then we must acknowledge the arguments made by bush and blair .
if the convincing facts show that iraq had weapons of mass destruction in its hands that they were at a dangerous rate of use and that un inspectors had little prospects for detecting and destroying these weapons , then we will have to recognise the arguments made by bush and good .
if a convincing factor proves that iraq had weapons of mass destruction in hand that they were caught in a dangerous scale , and that un inspectors had a small prospect of detecting and destroying these weapons , then we will have to have arguments raised by bush and blair .

nechal se šaron demografy vskutku přesvědčit , že onen <unk> velký izrael <unk> , který kdysi podle všeho býval jeho snem , by vlastně znamenal konec židovského státu , anebo jeho strategie stahování <unk> gaza jako první <unk> ve skutečnosti znamenala <unk> gaza jako poslední <unk> ?
was sharon really convinced by demographers that the &quot; great israel &quot; that once seemed to be his dream would actually mean the end of a jewish state , or did his disengagement strategy of &quot; gaza first &quot; really mean &quot; gaza last &quot; ?
in fact , he did not let the arrogance of the gravity of grams , to persuade that he is going to be a big israel that once he was a dream of his dream , would he actually mean the end of the jewish state , or his strategy for staying gaza as the first one in which gaza has actually been included as the last ?
indeed , the arrogance of arrogance has been abandoned , indeed , to persuade the fact that a large israel , who , if he had been in all his dream , would actually mean the end of the jewish state , or his strategy for the withdrawal of gaza as the first assassination of gaza , actually included gaza as the last one ?

jak znovu prokázal v devadesátých letech miloševič , když tvrdil , že brání nevinné srby v chorvatsku a bosně , ospravedlňování vojenského zásahu pouze na základě morálních principů ponechává příliš mnoho místa pro jejich překrucování a zneužívání .
as milosevic showed again in the 1990s , when he claimed to be defending innocent serbs in croatia and bosnia , justifying military intervention solely on the basis of moral principles leaves too much room for their distortion and abuse .
when he claimed that innocent sri lankan and bosnia in croatia and bosnia , the justification of military intervention only on the basis of mortgage principles leaves too many places for their cruelty and abuse .
when he said that he would prevent innocent sri lankan in croatia and bosnia , the justification of military intervention only on the basis of moral principles leaves too many places for their cruelty and abuse .

amerika se na partnerství spoléhá v globální válce proti terorismu : zahraniční vlády poskytují zpravodajské informace a spolupracují při prosazování práva , obchodní partneři zajišťují bezpečnost přepravních kontejnerů , soukromé finanční instituce pomáhají sledovat přesuny peněz , které vydržují teroristické sítě .
america relies on partnerships in the global war on terrorism : foreign governments provide intelligence and law enforcement cooperation ; trading partners ensure the security of shipping containers ; private financial institutions help track the transfers of funds that sustain terror networks .
the us partnership relies on a global war against terrorism : foreign governments provide intelligence information and work together in enforcement of rights , trade partners ensure the safety of transport containers , private financial institutions help to monitor the transfer of money that keep up the terrorist networks .
the american partnership relies on the global war against terrorism : foreign governments provide information and cooperation in promoting rights , trade partners ensure the safety of transport containers , the private financial institutions help to monitor the transfer of money to keep terrorist networks .

když prezident požádal americkou národní akademii věd , aby se na tento problém zaměřila , dospěla akademie k senzačnímu závěru ( ostatně k jedinému , k jakému mohla při poctivém přístupu dospět ) : totiž že skleníkové plyny představují hrozbu .
indeed , when asked by bush to look into the matter , america &apos;s national academy of sciences came to a resounding verdict ( the only one they could honestly reach ) that greenhouse gases are a menace .
when the president asked the american national academia national academic to focus on this problem , the college came to the senate ( after all , to the only one that could have come to an honest approach ) : namely that greenhouse gases represent a threat .
in fact , when the president asked the american national academic and science to focus on this issue , the academic has reached the senate ( after all , a single one that could reach a fair approach ) : that the greenhouse gas gases are a threat .

současný boom zažívá nákazu uvnitř trhů i napříč trhy , neboť rostoucí ceny přiživují vzrušení veřejnosti - a potažmo další cenový nárůst - nejprve ve stejném městě a poté v městech dalších , ba dokonce i na druhém konci planety .
the current boom has seen contagion within markets and across markets , as rising prices fuel popular excitement - and hence further price increases - in the same city , and then in other cities , even on the other side of the globe .
the current boom of the markets is being experienced by the beauty of both the markets and the markets , as rising prices add to the gathering of the public - and the pocket of another price increase - first in the same town and then in other cities , even at the end of the planet .
the current pain of the markets , as well as markets across the markets , are experiencing the growing price of the public - and the poisonous increase - first in the same town and then in other cities , even at the end of the planet , because the rising prices are rising to the public - and the poisonal increase - and , first , in the same towns and then in other cities , even at the end of the planet .

když nás v kalkatě oslovilo nějaké mladší dítě a chtělo se zapojit do hry , jíž jsme se s kamarády bavili , dovolili jsme mu to , ale nejdřív jsme zašeptali slova elé belé jeden druhému do ucha . elé belé je účastník hry , který si myslí , že je součástí dění , ale ve skutečnosti pouze dělá prázdné pohyby .
in calcutta , when some younger kid came along and insisted on joining the game my friends were playing , we would let the new kid in , but only after whispering into each other &apos;s ears the words , elé belé . an elé belé is a player who thinks he is participating but , in truth , is merely going through the motions .
when there was a young child in kallas and we wanted to be involved in the square , we allowed it to do so , but at the time we have asked one other to go in the catch-the-eye , which is to be part of the marry , we have allowed him to do so , but we have just asked him the most of the earlier words of the other day to go to the game .
when a child has spoken in calendar and wanted to be involved in the marriage of marriage , we allowed a child to be involved in the maracid game , but in the first place we asked one quorum to be included in the game that we had only been allowed to do so , but in the first place , we asked one queue to be part of the second game .

skutečnost je však taková , že nikdo žádné kroky k volnějším měnovým politikám nepodniká <unk> zejména s ohledem na nezkušenou evropskou centrální banku , jež zoufale touží vydobýt si věrohodnost bojovníka proti inflaci <unk> a že kroky ke strukturálním reformám jsou nesmělé , váhavé a nevýrazné .
but the reality is that steps toward looser monetary policies are non-existent -- especially with the fledgling european central bank anxious to establish its inflation-fighting credibility -- and that steps toward structural reforms are half-hearted , hesitant , and small .
however , there is no such thing as the new policies that are being taken into account , in particular , with regard to the european central bank , which is desperately threatening the credibility of the turbulence and the fact that there are no structural reforms that are under way , there are no new policies that are being taken into account in particular , in the light of the unexpected european central bank , which desperately desperately threatens the credibility of inflation and the fact that there are no structural reforms that i have been under way .
however , there is no such thing that no action to be taken by the new policies does not , in particular , include the non-european central bank , which is desperately committed to the structural reforms , but it is no one to call for the new policies that do not take into account the new policies that do not take place in particular with regard to the non-european central bank , which desperately harassment , but to deliberate the recovery of the structural reforms to the structural reforms of the non-structural reforms .

často do jisté míry souhlasí s ježky , avšak poté celou věc zkomplikují : <unk> ano , můj kolega má pravdu , že je saúdská monarchie zranitelná , ale mějme na paměti , že převraty jsou vzácné a vláda disponuje mnoha prostředky , jak umlčet opozici . <unk>
foxes will often agree with hedgehogs up to a point , before complicating things : &quot; yes , my colleague is right that the saudi monarchy is vulnerable , but remember that coups are rare and that the government commands many means of squelching opposition . &quot;
it is often agreed to a certain extent , but the whole thing is complicated : it is my colleague that is right , but it is reluctant to remember that the sharp government is often in a position to take a certain extent to a certain extent , but it will then come together with a whole deal of complications : it is my colleague is right that the saarchy is right , but it is reluctant to remember that the government is overwhelming , and that it is overwhelming from a large number of disability , but it is overwhelming .
however , they often agree to a certain extent , but they are doing the whole thing : my colleague , my truth , is vulnerable , but let us bear in mind the scarcity of the scarcity government , which is often a substitute to a certain extent , but then the whole thing does not take place : yes , my colleague , my truth , is the truth , that it is vulnerable , but that it is vulnerable to the scarcely vulnerable , to the scarcity government , that the scarcest government is a scarcity and a large government that there are a large number of centuality .

