třetí tvrzení je hluboce diskutabilní .
the third claim is hugely contentious .
the third claim is deeply discussed .
the third claim is deeply questionable .

rozhádaná středoevropská pravice
central europe &apos;s fractious right
the centre-right of the central european right
deployment of the central european right

zasekla se tedy evropa ?
is europe stuck ?
so europe has been treated ?
therefore , has europe been going to do so ?

výjimky potvrzují pravidlo .
the exceptions prove the rule .
the derogations confirm the rule .
the exemptions confirm the rule .

stačí jen svoboda ?
is freedom enough ?
is only freedom enough ?
is it only enough to have freedom ?

sýrie by za tuto nejasnost mohla draze zaplatit .
syria may pay a heavy price for that ambiguity .
syria could pay dramatically for this failure .
syria could pay for this ambiguity .

při bližší úvaze však výhody daleko převyšují rizika .
on balance , however , the advantages far outweigh the risks .
however , the benefits go far beyond the risk .
however , in closer consideration , the benefits are far over .

neexistuje instrument , který by ve stejné podobě fungoval všude .
no single instrument will work everywhere .
there is no one that would work in the same form everywhere .
there is no one that , in the same form , works everywhere .

jsou ceny domů domečkem z karet ?
are housing prices a house of cards ?
are the prices of the home from karet ?
are the prices of houses from karel ?

právo a pořádek v ruském stylu
law and order , russian-style
law and order in russian style .
the right and order of order in russian style

strach a pohyb cen domů směrem vzhůru jsou spojité nádoby .
fear and upward momentum in home prices go together .
the fear and movement of prices in the direction of the way in which they are linked .
the fear and movement of the price of houses in a worse way are associated times .

bylo by tedy pro indii předčasné otevřít ihned svůj kapitálový účet .
hence it would be premature for india to open up its capital account immediately .
it would therefore be premature for india to open its capital accounts immediately .
it would therefore be premature for india to open their capital accounts immediately .

· regulační orgány potřebují donucovací pravomoci , aby bylo možné zavést přísnější pravidla ;
· regulatory agencies need enforcement authority so that stricter rules can be implemented ;
what is more , the regulatory authorities need law enforcement powers in order to introduce stricter rules ;
the regulatory authorities need enforcement powers in order to introduce stricter rules ;

· kontrola nežádoucích účinků léčiv musí být aktivnější .
· monitoring of adr &apos;s must be more pro-active .
however , the control of undesirable effects of medicines must be more active .
it must be more active when it comes to monitoring the undesired effects of medicines .

jak velkou důvěryhodnost bychom však měli názorům expertů přiznávat ?
but how much credibility should we attach to the opinions of experts ?
however , how much credibility should we , however , accept the views of experts ?
however , how much credibility should we recognise the views of experts ?

vedení státu potřebuje čas na přijetí a zavedení nepopulárních i populárních rozhodnutí .
leadership needs time to take and implement unpopular decisions as well as popular ones .
the leadership of the state needs time for adoption and the introduction of an indispensable and populist decision .
the leadership of the state needs time to adopt and introduce unpopular and popular decisions .

problém mladých lidí a jejich přístupu k výkonnému umění existuje na obou stranách atlantiku .
the problem of youth and access to the performing arts exists on both sides of the atlantic .
the problem of young people and their access to performance arts exists on both sides of the atlantic .
the problem of young people and their access to executive changes exists on both sides of the atlantic .

papežova první návštěva rodné země krátce poté ukázala celému světu jeho sílu .
his first return visit to his native country soon afterwards showed to all the world the new pope &apos;s power .
the first visit to the family country recently demonstrated its strength throughout the world .
the first visit to the family country has recently shown its strength to the whole world .

zpočátku se zdálo , že britská vláda skutečně tuto taktiku zvolila .
at first , this seemed to be the british government &apos;s chosen tactic .
at the beginning it seemed that the british government actually chose this tactics .
at the beginning , it seemed that the british government has actually chosen this tactics .

neučinit tak by znamenalo porušit politické závazky a vážně poškodit důvěryhodnost eu ve světě .
not to do so would mean to renege on political commitments and to severely damage the eu &apos;s credibility in the world .
this would not mean violating political commitments and seriously undermining the credibility of the eu in the world .
this would not mean violating political commitments and seriously damaging the credibility of the eu in the world .

mnozí lidé mají dojem , že turecko jednoduše nezapadá do evropské společnosti založené na křesťanských tradicích a kultuře .
many feel that turkey simply does not fit into a european society based on christian traditions and culture .
many people have the impression that turkey simply does not fall into a european society based on christian traditions and culture .
many people have the impression that turkey simply does not fall into a european society based on christian traditions and culture .

toto rozhodnutí <unk> klíčové pro budoucnost nestabilního regionu <unk> se stane zkouškou odhodlání a jednoty západu .
this decision -- crucial to the future of an unstable region -- will test western determination and unity .
this decision will be crucial for the future of an unstable region , a test of determination and unity in the west .
this decision includes a key for the future of a unstable region of the region will become a test of determination and unity in the west .

všechno se dá zvládnout , ale hospodářský růst si žádá více než jen dočasné oživení investic a podnikání .
the job can be done , but economic growth requires more than eliciting a temporary boost in investment and entrepreneurship .
everything can be managed , but economic growth requires more than just temporary recovery of investment and entrepreneurship .
everything can be managed , but economic growth requires more than just temporary recovery of investment and entrepreneurship .

žádná generace by neměla být nucena přejímat zbytečná ekonomická rizika vytvořená jinou generací .
no generation should be forced to accept unnecessary economic risks imposed by another generation .
no generation should be forced to survive unnecessary economic risks created by other generations .
no generation should be forced to stop unnecessary economic risks created by another generation .

diskuse o poválečném právním uspořádání evropy se ale netýká jen bývalého československa .
questions about postwar europe &apos;s juridical order go beyond the former czechoslovakia .
however , the debate on the post-war legal organisation of europe is not just about the former czechoslovakia .
however , the debate on the post-war legal organisation of europe is not just about the former czechoslovakia .

mými hostiteli byli bývalí komunističtí vůdci , kteří teď byli více či méně demokraticky zvolenými prezidenty .
my hosts were former communist leaders who were now more or less democratically elected presidents .
the germans were former communist leaders who have now been more or less democratically elected president .
the communist leaders were former communist leaders who have now been more or less democratically elected president .

tato nevšímavost však brzy skončí ; blíží se totiž rozhodnutí o dalším osudu této provincie .
that inattention will end soon ; a decision about the province &apos;s fate is looming .
however , this disregard will soon end ; the decision on the next fate of the province of this province is approaching .
however , this inquiry will soon end ; it is a decision on another fate of this province .

říká se , že když máte po ruce jen kladivo , každá potíž vypadá jako hřebík .
if all you have to work with is a hammer , as the saying goes , every problem looks like a nail .
it is said that , when you have your hands on your own , every difficulty seems to be like a hurry .
it is said that , when you go on your hand , there is only a delusion , every problem seems to be a sink .

válku zahájili z jistých veřejně vyhlášených důvodů , které se prudce diskutovaly po celém světě .
they launched this war for certain declared reasons , all of which were heatedly debated around the world .
the war began for certain publicly declared reasons that have been discussed sharply throughout the world .
the war began for certain publicly declared reasons that have been discussed sharply throughout the world .

přijetí eura by jim poskytlo skvělou příležitost se takovým rizikům vyhnout a soustředit se na tvorbu skutečného hospodářského růstu .
adopting the euro would give them a great way to escape such risks and focus on creating real growth in their economies .
the adoption of the euro would provide them with an excellent opportunity to avoid such risks and concentrate on creating real economic growth .
the adoption of the euro would provide them with an excellent opportunity to avoid such risks and to concentrate on creating real economic growth .

cunami , jež zpustošilo asii a zapříčinilo velké ztráty na životech , nám přináší mnohá ponaučení .
there are many lessons that emerge from the tsunami that brought such devastation and loss of life to asia .
the cucutbacks that stored asia and caused great losses on life are giving us a lot of lessons .
the curicants that devastated asia and caused great losses to life , give us a lot of lessons .

je třeba , abychom se postavili čelem k mezigeneračním otázkám , které tvoří jádro dnesních ekonomických dilemat .
still , we need to face squarely the intergenerational issues at the core of today &apos;s economic dilemmas .
we need to face up to intergenerational issues which are at the heart of the economic dilemma .
we need to face up to intergenerational issues , which are at the heart of the generous economic dilemma .

ovšem ať už jsou důvody pro vojenskou humanitární intervenci jakkoli pádné , musí takový zásah zastřešovat charta osn .
but , however compelling the cause of humanitarian military intervention , such actions must be brought under the umbrella of the un charter .
however , whatever the reasons for military humanitarian intervention are in any way in force , such intervention must be shocked by the un charter .
however , whether the reasons for military humanitarian intervention are in any case , such intervention must be shocked by the un charter .

zdá se tedy , že šest let po intervenci nato má kosovo ke stabilitě a sociálnímu smíru stejně daleko jako kdykoliv předtím .
so , six years after nato &apos;s intervention , kosovo seems as far from stability and social peace as ever .
it seems , therefore , that six years after nato &apos;s intervention , kosovo has had stability and social peace as far as ever before .
it seems , therefore , that six years after the intervention of nato , kosovo has had kosovo to stability and social peace as long as ever before .

vybudování takového sjednoceného světa je sice možná optimistickým cílem , dokonce idealistickým , ale nikoliv naivním .
bringing such an integrated world may be optimistic , even idealistic , but it is hardly naive .
while the creation of such a united world is perhaps an optimistic objective , even idealistic , but not naive .
however , the construction of such a united world is perhaps an optimistic objective , even idealist , but not naive .

vnímal ji skutečně jako nejjistější cestu k moci , neboť naprostá většina obyvatel smýšlela jako on .
indeed , he saw it as his surest route to power , because the vast majority of the population thought exactly as he did .
i see it really as the most certain way to power , as the vast majority of the people were thinking as he was .
i have seen it in fact as the most secure way to power , because the vast majority of the population thought as a person .

teď to ovšem vypadá , že bych nakonec přece jen mohl mít pravdu <unk> nebo že alespoň bylo správné vyjadřovat znepokojení , ne-li zděšení .
now , though , it looks like i may finally be right -- or at least right to worry , if not to panic .
however , this now seems to be the case that i would , after all , have been able to have the truth or that it was at least right to express concern if i do not know .
now , however , it seems that , after all , i could only have the truth of the truth or that at least it was right to express concern if it is not disgraceful .

neklidné partnerství premiéra tonyho blaira a ministra financí gordona browna je dobrým příkladem takové taktiky .
the uneasy partnership of prime minister tony blair and chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown is a good example of this tactic .
the uncalm partnership of prime minister tony blair and the finance minister gordon brown is a good example of such tactics .
prime minister tony blair and the finance minister gordon brown is a good example of such tactics .

existuje ovšem málo důkazů o tom , že by převoditelnost kapitálového účtu měla užitečný dopad na tempo růstu země .
there is , however , little evidence that capital account convertibility has a meaningful impact on a country &apos;s growth rate .
however , there is little evidence of the fact that the transfer of capital accounts should have a useful impact on the country &apos;s growth rate .
however , there are little evidence that the transfer of capital accounts should have a useful impact on the pace of growth in the country .

jistěže , nenadálé zpomalení ekonomické aktivity nebo silný nárůst hodnoty eura by nevyhnutelné zvýšení sazeb mohlo oddálit .
to be sure , an unexpected slowdown in economic activity or a strong rise in the value of the euro could postpone the inevitable rate hike .
certain that the failure to slow down economic activity or a strong increase in the value of the euro could inevitably increase rates .
certain assurances that the imminent slowdown of economic activity or a strong increase in the value of the euro would inevitably give rise to rates .

právě to učinila evropská komise , když nedávno vytvořila první strategii pro období po kjótském protokolu , kterou bude v březnu diskutovat evropská rada .
this is exactly what the european commission did recently by providing its first strategy for a post-kyoto era , which will be discussed by the european council next march .
this is what the european commission has just done when it recently created the first strategy for the post-kyoto protocol , which will be discussed in march by the european council .
it has just done this by the european commission , when it has recently created the first strategy for the post-kyoto protocol , which will be discussed in march by the european council .

palestinský předák mahmúd abbás ( abú mázin ) to uznává , avšak otázka zní , zda to dokáže uskutečnit .
the palestinian leader , abu mazen , recognizes this , but the question is whether he can deliver .
the palestinian predecessor mahmoud abbin ( abbin ) recognises this , but the question is whether this can be done .
the palestinian leader of the mahmd abbas ( abbas ) recognises this , but the question is whether it can do so .

právníci někdejšího generálního ředitele jukosu michaila chodorkovského podali stížnost k evropskému soudu pro lidská práva ve štrasburku .
former yukos ceo mikhail khodorkovsky &apos;s lawyers have sent a complaint to the european court for human rights in strasbourg .
the lawyers of the former director-general , jukov mikhail khodorkovsky , complained for the european court of human rights in strasbourg .
the lawyers of the former directorate-general , jumikoski , made a complaint on the european court of human rights in strasbourg .

chce-li se srbsko připojit k západu , nesmí tuto příležitost promrhat tím , že samo sebe uvězní v pasti nacionalistické minulosti .
if serbia wants to join the west , it must not forsake that opportunity by trapping itself in its nationalist past .
if serbia wants to join the west , this opportunity must not be missed by itself being imprisoned in the nationalistic past .
if serbia wants to join the west , this opportunity must not be missed by itself becoming true in the parity of the nationalistic past .

další otálení ohledně normalizace úrokových sazeb ze strany ecb by mohlo vyústit v nepěkný inflační výbuch .
further procrastination on interest-rate normalization by the ecb could well lead to a nasty bout of inflation .
another father regarding the standardisation of interest rates from the ecb could result in an unheated inflation rate .
further slavery on the normalisation of interest rates by the ecb could result in unnice inflation .

jinými slovy , musíme jednat v souladu s poznáním , že změna klimatu a její dopady na obyvatele bohatých i chudých zemí nadále ohrožují globální bezpečnost .
in other words , we must act in accordance with the recognition that climate change and its effects on people in both rich and poor countries remains a threat to global security .
in other words , we must act in accordance with the knowledge that climate change and its effects on the rich and poor countries continue to threaten global security .
in other words , we must act in accordance with the recognition that climate change and its effects on the people of rich and poor countries continue to threaten global security .

změna kádru , která loni v listopadu vynesla kanaána a další do kabinetu , byla považována za odraz asadových preferencí .
the reshuffle last november that brought kanaan and others into the cabinet was seen to reflect assad &apos;s preferences .
last november , the amendment of the tacker , which issued canada last november , and others in kabkhazia , was considered to be a departure of asbestos preferences .
the amendment of the cameroon , which took place last november , and the next to cabotage , was considered to be the designation of assad preferences .

nebudou to oni , na koho padne vina za stoupající ceny , a nebudou ani muset zahánět inflačního džina zpět do láhve .
they are not the ones who will be blamed for soaring prices , nor are they the ones who will have to force the inflation genie back into the bottle .
they will not be the ones who are guilty of rising prices , and they will not even have to start the inflationary junta back to lah .
they will not be the ones who are guilty of winning prices , and they will not even have to start an inflation laughter back .

tento přístup se osvědčil v letecké dopravě : piloti , kteří nahlásí , že jen o vlásek unikli havárii , nejsou trestáni ;
this approach works well in the airline industry : pilots reporting near misses are not penalized ;
this approach has proved to be in air transport : the pilot who state that only the government has escaped the accident is not punished ;
this approach has proved to be a good thing in air transport : the pilot who report that only governments have escaped the accident are not punished ;

v evropě a japonsku je potenciál rozpočtových schodků v oblasti sociálního zabezpečení a zdravotní péče vzhledem k tamní problematické demografické struktuře jestě vyssí .
the potential for budgetary shortfall with social security and health care is even worse in europe and japan , due to their more troublesome demographics .
in europe and japan , the potential for budget deficits in the area of social security and health care , given the problematic demographic structure , is the potential of the budget deficit in terms of social security and healthcare .
in europe and japan , the potential for budgetary deficits in the field of social security and health care is due to the problematic demographic structure of the reap .

bylo to sdělení , v jaké evropští přátelé británie dlouho doufali a na něž marně čekali již od blairova zvolení v roce 1997 .
this was a message for which britain &apos;s european friends had long been hoping , and for which they had waited in vain since blair &apos;s election in 1997 .
this was a communication in which the european friends of britain have long hoped for , and for whom they have been waiting for since the blasphemy in 1997 .
it was a communication in which the european friends of britain have long hoped , and for whom they had already expected from the well-being and elected in 1997 .

samozřejmě , tyto obavy provází naděje , že strukturální reformy a měnová expanze umí spojit síly a popohnat zaměstnanost i výstup , aniž by výrazněji zvýšily inflaci .
of course , these fears are accompanied by the hope that structural reforms and monetary expansion work in harmony , boosting employment and output without raising inflation by much .
of course , these concerns are proving to be a hope that structural reforms and monetary expansion will combine forces and help to create employment and education without increasing inflation more significantly .
of course , these concerns will prolong the hope that structural reforms and monetary expansion will bring together forces and help to bridge employment , without increasing inflation more significantly .

mnoho běžných korejců si dnes opravdu myslí , že největší překážkou sjednocení poloostrova není severokorejský komunistický režim , ale přítomnost amerických vojáků .
indeed , many ordinary people now view the us presence , and not north korea &apos;s communist regime , as the biggest obstacle to unification .
today , many ordinary koreans really think that the greatest obstacle to the reunification of the peninsula is not the north-korean communist regime , but the presence of american soldiers .
indeed , many ordinary koreans think today that the greatest obstacle to the unification of the peninsula , is not the north korean communist regime , but the presence of american soldiers .

tím , že smlouva omezuje obranu proti strategickým řízeným střelám , zaručuje jistou předvídatelnost vojenského odstrašování ze strany všech států disponujících jadernými zbraněmi .
by limiting strategic missile defense , the old treaty provides a certain predictability of deterrence for all nuclear weapon states .
by restricting defence against a strategic conflict , the treaty guarantees certain predictability of military elimination by all states with nuclear weapons .
by restricting defence against strategic conflicts , the treaty guarantees certain predictability of military deterrence by all states with nuclear weapons .

dnes je to tedy izraelská levice , která si byť zdráhavě uvědomuje , že šaronův nový pragmatismus může být prvním krokem správným směrem .
it is now the israeli left that , however reluctantly , <<unk>> es that sharon &apos;s new pragmatism may be the first step in the right direction .
today , therefore , it is a israeli left that , although it is reluctantly aware that the new pragmatism can be the first step in the right direction .
it is , therefore , today , the israeli left , which , although reluctant , is aware that shronism in the new pragmatism can be the first step in the right direction .

třebaže regulační mechanismy kjótského protokolu i evropského programu obchodování s emisemi přispěly ke vzniku nového trhu pro obchod s uhlíkem , zainteresované strany dnes znepokojuje nejbližší budoucnost .
while the regulatory mechanisms of both kyoto and the european trading scheme have contributed to the establishment of an emerging market for carbon trading , interested parties are now concerned about the immediate future .
although the regulatory mechanisms of the kyoto protocol and the european emissions trading programme have contributed to the creation of a new carbon trade market , stakeholders are concerned with the forthcoming future today .
although the regulatory mechanisms for the kyoto protocol and the european emissions trading programme have contributed to the creation of a new carbon trade market , the stakeholders are today concerned about the immediate future .

srbská politika bude v dohledné budoucnosti chaotická a nestabilní a srbští politici budou cítit pokušení se na to vymlouvat , aby se vyhnuli hrozbě ztráty kosova .
serbian politics will be chaotic and unstable for the foreseeable future , and serbian politicians will attempt to present this as an excuse to avoid facing the loss of kosovo .
the serbian policy will , in the foreseeable future , be chaotic and unstable , and the serbian politicians will feel tempted to avoid the threat of the loss of kosovo .
the serbian policy will be in the foreseeable future of chaotic and unstable and serbian politicians will feel tempted to avoid the threat of kosovo &apos;s loss .

dává-li nový prezident bush <unk> jak sám naznačil <unk> přednost jinému projektu , bude trvat ještě mnohem déle , než bude vyvinuta architektura systému a navržen testovací program .
if president bush , as he has hinted , now favors a different design , it will take even more time to develop the architecture and devise a test program .
if the new president , bush , as he himself indicated in the other project , is going to take much longer than the architecture of the system and the proposed testing programme .
if the new president , bush , as he himself indicated himself , will take a much longer than the architecture of the architecture and the proposed testing programme .

demokracie tkví slovy filozofa karla poppera ve schopnosti odstavit lidi od moci bez násilí ; v tomto smyslu jde tedy o metodu pokusu a omylu .
democracy , in the words of the philosopher karl popper , is about being able to remove those in power without violence ; it is in this sense about trial and error .
democracy knows the words of the philosophy of pol poppera in the ability to departure people from power without violence ; in this sense , it is a method of temptation and omissions .
democracy knows the philosophy of the philosopher nappera , in the ability to paragraphs people from power without violence ; that is , the method of fines and omissions .

nase penzijní systémy a státní rozpočty musí být založeny na , , generačním účetnictví<unk> <unk> , které zajistí , že ekonomické riziko bude systematicky rozloženo napříč generacemi .
our pension systems and our national budgets must be based on a <<unk>> <<unk>> generational accounting &apos; &apos; that assures that economic risk is spread systematically across generations .
the pension systems and state budgets must be based on , the generational accounts , which will ensure that the economic risk is systematically distributed across the generations .
pension systems and state budgets must be based , generated , generated by the generals of the court of auditors , which will ensure that the economic risk is systematically distributed across the generations .

organizace , jejichž oficiálním posláním je zapojovat všechny národy do rozhodovacích procesů , často ovládají malé skupiny mocných národů , zatímco ostatní jen prázdně předstírají účast .
indeed , organizations that are officially committed to involving all nations in their decision making are often controlled by small groups of powerful nations , while others merely go through the motions of participation .
organisations whose official mission is to involve all nations in decision-making processes , often control small groups of powerful nations , while others are pretending to participate empty .
the organisations whose official obsession is to involve all peoples in decision-making processes , often dominate small groups of powerful nations , while others are pretending to participate empty .

ceny v <unk> pozlátkových &quot; městech pravděpodobně ostře poklesnou při příští vážné recesi , v případě , že místní ekonomika utrpí těžký šok , nebo v případě příliš rychlého vzestupu úrokových měr .
prices in glamour cities are likely to drop sharply the next time there is a serious recession , or if the local economy suffers a severe shock , or if interest rates rise too fast .
the price in the gender-based &apos; towns is likely to fall sharply in the next serious recession , if the local economy is suffering a heavy shock , or in the case of a very rapid increase in interest rates .
the price of the &apos; town &apos; towns will probably be slaughtered in the next serious recession , in the event that the local economy is suffering from heavy shocks or , in the case of the excessive rise in interest rates .

rozvojový potenciál etiopie úzce souvisí se sezonními dešti , a tak značně kolísající dešťové srážky spolu s absencí infrastruktury podkopávají růst a činí z chudoby trvalý stav .
ethiopia &apos;s development potential is closely tied to seasonal rains , so high rainfall variation , together with lack of infrastructure , has undermined growth and perpetuated poverty .
the development potential of ethiopia is closely linked to seasonal devices , and so a highly flourishing rainfall , together with the absence of infrastructure , undermines growth and makes it permanent .
the development potential of ethiopia is closely linked to seasonal seasonal areas , and so much volatile roles , along with the lack of infrastructure , are undermining growth and making poverty permanent .

země mohou tento růst využít <unk> a přitom transformovat své rozvojové vyhlídky <unk> , anebo čelit hrozbě vzniku odcizené generace , která je zahořklá z nenaplněných nadějí na lepší budoucnost .
countries can either harness this growth -- and in so doing , transform their development prospects -- or face the risk of an alienated generation embittered by the unfulfilled chance of a better future .
the country can take advantage of this growth , while transforming its development prospects into place , or faced with the threat of a depleted generation that is knee-mail out of unfulfilled hope for a better future .
the countries can use this growth in the country , while transforming their development prospects , or face the threat of the abandoned generation , which is outrageous from the unsafe future .

objevila se původně mimo zavedené mezinárodní instituce a systém osn , když se zrodila díky francouzskému uskupení lékaři bez hranic , které chápalo lidská práva jako hodnotu nadřazenou národní suverenitě .
it arose initially outside established international institutions and the un system , originating with the french group , doctors without borders , which deemed human rights to be a value superior to national sovereignty .
the international institutions and the un system originally emerged , where they were born , thanks to the french family of doctors without borders , which understood human rights as a superior value of national sovereignty .
the international institutions and the un system have originally emerged from the introduction of a doctor without borders which understood human rights as a supreme to national sovereignty .

podmínky pro zdraví jsou zde přiměřeně dobré a všechny latinskoamerické země učinily pokrok v boji proti negramotnosti : míra gramotnosti dospělého obyvatelstva dosahuje ve většině zemí 90 i více procent .
health conditions are reasonably good , and all latin american countries have made headway against illiteracy , with most reaching 90 % adult literacy or higher .
there are good conditions for health , and all latin american countries have made progress in combating illiteracy : the level of literacy of adults of adult population is more than 90 % in most countries .
the conditions for health are good and all latin american countries have made progress in the fight against illiteracy : the level of literacy of adults of the adults of the adults in most countries and more than 90 per cent .

každý den nás různí experti bombardují svými názory na tak rozmanitá témata , jakou jsou iráčtí povstalci , bolivijští pěstitelé koky , evropští centrální bankéři a severokorejské politbyro .
every day , experts bombard us with their views on topics as varied as iraqi insurgents , bolivian coca growers , european central bankers , and north korea &apos;s politburo .
every day , various experts bomb us with their views on such a variety of issues such as iraqi rebels , bolivial growers , european central bankers and north korea .
every day , various experts bomb us with their views on such diverse issues as the iraqi rebel rebels , bolians , european central bankers and north korean regret .

první chybou kalifornských voličů je tudíž to , co by se dalo nazvat , , vábením bezprostředního &quot; - ve státě , kde klíčovou hodnotu jako by představovalo okamžité ukájení potřeb , to ostatně není nic překvapivého .
californian voters &apos; first mistake is thus what may be called &quot; the lure of the immediate &quot; --none too surprising in a state where instant gratification is supposedly a core value .
the first mistake of the califord voters is , therefore , what could be called , the weight of the immediate &apos; - in a state where the key value would be the immediate usage of needs , that is not surprising .
therefore , the first mistake of the califort voters is what could be called , petrol &apos; - in a state where the key value as if it was an immediate usage of needs , which is , after all , no surprising .

co ale ve skutečnosti dělají , je to , že se vypořádávají s největším problémem přítomného okamžiku za cenu likvidace institucí a přístupů , které zavedli politici před nimi , aby dostali pod kontrolu problémy , jež oni považovali za nejnaléhavější .
but what they are doing , however , is dealing with the biggest problem of the moment but at the price of removing institutions and policies that policymakers before them had put into place to control problems which they felt to be the most pressing .
however , what they do , in fact , is that they are dealing with the biggest problem at the moment at the price of the foundation of institutions and the approaches that politicians have introduced before them to get them under control of the problems they have seen as the most urgent .
however , what they do , in fact , is that they are dealing with the biggest problem at the moment at the cost of the disposal of institutions and the approaches that politicians have introduced before them to get under control of the problems they considered most urgent .

region sice není podle mezinárodních měřítek chudý , ale spíše jako by se zasekl kdesi v pásmu středních příjmů , mezi nejchudšími oblastmi světa a státy s vysokými příjmy v severní americe , evropě a východní asii .
indeed , the region is not poor by international standards , but rather stuck in the middle-income range between the world &apos;s poorest places and the high-income countries of north america , europe , and east asia .
although the region is not a poor region according to international benchmarks , but rather as if it were in the middle of the central income , between the poorest areas of the world and the high incomes in north america , europe and eastern asia .
although the region is not , according to international benchmarks , it is not the poor , but rather as if it is going to be in the friday of central income , between the poorest regions of the world and the states with high income in north america , europe and eastern asia .

když osn nebo jiné orgány nejsou ochotné nebo schopné postavit se nějaké děsivé hrozbě , amerika si vyhrazuje právo jednat v méně sevřených aliancích nebo v pružných ad hoc koalicích ochotných .
when the un or other bodies are unwilling or unable to move against dire threats , america reserves the right to act in less encompassing alliances or flexible , ad hoc coalitions of the willing .
if the un or other authorities are not willing or able to face any terrible threat , america is forcing the right to act in less coalition or in flexible ad hoc coalition .
when the un or other institutions are not willing or able to stand up to a horrific threat , the americans deviate the right to act in less coalition or in flexible hoc hoc coalities .

v konečném důsledku tak jan pavel ii. nezapadá do žádné kategorie a často představuje jakési spojení protikladů : odmítání kompromisu s ekumeničností , houževnatost s vřelostí , intelektuální otevřenost se lpěním na teologické ortodoxnosti .
in the end , john paul ii does not fit neatly into any category and often represents a meeting of opposites : rejection of compromise with ecumenism , toughness with warmth , intellectual openness with insistence on theological orthodoxy .
at the end of the day , jan paiij , does not fall into any category and often represents a kind of contradiction : the refusal of a compromise with the ekumens , the tenacity of the river , the intellectual openness with the theocratic orthodox .
in the end , jan paul paiiri does not go to any category , and it is often a kind of combination : refusing to compromise with the eligibility of the elites , the husbandry with the river , the intellectual openness of heating on secondary orthodox .

mentalita konjunktury se okolo roku 1997 rozšířila do los angeles , new yorku a sydney , v roce 1998 do paříže , v roce 2001 do miami , moskvy a šanghaje a kolem roku 2002 do vancouveru .
boom mentality spread to los angeles , new york , and sydney around 1997 , to paris in 1998 , to miami , moscow , and shanghai in 2001 , and vancouver around 2002 .
the mentality of the conjunction of the junkturks around 1997 has spread to the los of angeles , new york and syria , in 1998 to paris , in 2001 , in mimoscow , moscow and shanghak , around 2002 to camp vanvera .
in 1998 , the mentality of the junke of the junta was spread around 1997 to lochles , new york and syria , in 1998 , to paris in 2001 , in 2001 , moscow , moscow and shanghasha , and around 2002 to the coup d &apos;état .

většina lidí totiž stále instinktivně pohlíží na <unk> velikány <unk> jako na hybatele dějin , jako na muže ( a ženy ) , kteří jako by formovali události prostřednictvím své politické vize , osobního charismatu a pádnosti svých morálních požadavků .
instead , most people still instinctively look at &quot; great men &quot; as the agents of history , the men ( and women ) who seem to forge events through their political vision , personal charisma , and the force of their moral claims .
in fact , the majority of people are still in an instinctive view of the size involved as a ancient in history , as men and women , who , as a form of events , would be a political vision , a personal charter and the fall of their moral requirements .
in fact , the majority of the people are still remarkable to look at the size of the size of the assassination as anthem , such as men and women ( and women ) , who , as a form of events through their political vision , a personal charter and the fall of their moral requirements .

pokud budou usa pokračovat ve vývoji svého raketového deštníku , budou muset tuto dohodu porušit anebo ji v šestiměsíční lhůtě vypovědět , na což mají oba signatáři právo v případě , že si to žádají zásadní bezpečnostní zájmy jejich země .
as the us proceeds with nmd , it will either have to violate the treaty or give six months notice to quit , something both signatories are entitled to do if they feel their vital security interests demand it .
if the usa continues to develop its missile shield , they will have to violate this agreement or in the six-month period , to know which both signatories are entitled if they ask the fundamental security interests of their countries .
if the us continues to develop its missile deterrent , it will have to violate this agreement or , in a six-month period , to know , which both signatories have the right to the right to demand the fundamental security interests of their country .

musíme vybudovat silnější evropský vojenský potenciál , a to prostě proto , abychom do praxe zavedli mechanismus , jenž nám umožní stát účinně jeden druhému po boku , kdykoliv v některé z našich demokracií udeří teroristé nebo jiná katastrofa , jak se právě stalo .
we must forge greater european military capacities simply to put in place a mechanism that allows us to stand effectively shoulder to shoulder when terrorism or other catastrophes strike one of our democracies , as just happened .
we must build a stronger european military potential , simply to implement a mechanism that will enable us to implement effectively one another , if some of our democracies are in our democracies or other terrorists or disasters , as has just happened .
we must build a stronger european military potential , and simply , in order to implement a mechanism that will enable us to become an effective one of the other side , whenever some of our democracies are deputy terrorists or other disasters , as has just happened .

jednou věcí je <unk> evropský projekt <unk> podpořit , jde-li o to navázat německo tak úzce na francii , aby si už nikdy nikdo nemyslel , že stojí za to vést válku kvůli tomu , jakou řečí se mluví alsasku-lotrinsku .
it is one thing to back the &quot; european project &quot; when the idea is to bind germany so tightly to france that never again will anybody think it worthwhile to wage a war over what language is spoken in alsace-lorraine .
if the european project is to support this , when it comes to establishing germany so closely in france , nobody has ever thought that it is behind the war that is due to the fact that there is talk of alsa-hidinn when it comes to establishing a european project .
it is one thing that the european project for the european project is to support , if germany is to build so closely on france , so that no one has ever thought that it is worth whatsoever for the war that the alsa-lo-rian war is being discussed .

na tomto místě , na této golgotě novověku vyzval poláky , kteří si ještě pamatovali , jak byli jejich nejdražší zplynováni v osvětimských krematoriích nebo jak zmrzli ve sklo v koncentračních táborech na sibiři , k bratrství zasvěcenému boji proti nenávisti a pomstě , třeba i oprávněné .
on that spot , that golgotha of modern times , he called the poles , who remembered dear ones gassed to death in auschwitz &apos;s crematoria as well as those frozen into glass in siberia &apos;s concentration camps , to a brotherhood devoted to struggle against even justified hatred and revenge .
at this point , the golf called for pole , who remembered the most cooted in the prisons or in the concentration of concentration in the concentration of concentration , fibres , censorship and censorship , as they have been most expensive in the auspices of the acious mature matrites or , as they have died in the concentration of concentrations in the concentration of the firetail , centuality and centuality .
in this place , in this place , the mad newspaper called for the poles who have even remembered their most dramatic gas in the auspices of the massacre and the fight against the haitian people , who have been remembered , as their most dramatically developed in the timing of the mathematics , or , as the fought in the concentration of the boxes in the bologna , the fight against hatred , the hatred and the hatred of the hatred , and hatred of hatred .

potýká-li se člověk s problémem , jak vnést pozitivní změny do domácího či mezinárodního prostředí , které jako by se vzpíralo moci <unk> normálních <unk> vůdců , nezbývá mu než hledat nové alexandry , kteří by rozsekli <unk> gordický uzel <unk> a překonali složitost pouhou silou vůle a dynamikou .
confronted with the problem of bringing about positive changes in a domestic or international environment that seems to defy the power of &quot; normal &quot; leaders , one looks for new alexanders to untie the &quot; gordian knot &quot; and transcend complexity by sheer force of will and dynamism .
if a person is present with a positive problem , how positive changes to the domestic or international environment , which , as a weapon of power , would not be able to look for a new leader than the alexander people who have been present in the process of conflict and who have been involved in a positive change in the domestic or international environment , which would appear to be able to be able to threaten their power to the norm of the norm of the normal leaders than to seek a new dismay .
if you are faced with a problem with a positive change in domestic or international environment , which would be a normality for normal leaders to find new leaders to overcome the vague nepal and non-negotiators , to overcome the issue of positive changes to the domestic change or the international environment , which would be included as an offensive offensive to the normality of the nordic leaders , which would be forbidden to overcome the new leaders of the lemma , to overcome the non-attachment of the non-attachment of the non-attachment and non-attachment of the non-attachment of the non-attachment of the non-tariff .

mírové jednotky nato nedostaly pokyn , aby bránily únosům , zmizením , vraždám z odplaty a masivnímu ničení majetku skupinami etnických albánců , což vedlo k mohutným etnickým čistkám , tentokrát na straně nealbánského ( převážně srbského ) obyvatelstva .
nato peacekeeping troops were not directed to stop the abductions , disappearances , retaliation killings , and massive property destruction by groups of ethnic albanians , which led to a vast reverse ethnic cleansing of the non-albanian ( mainly serb ) population .
the nato peacekeeping force has not been prevented by the kidnappings , the murderers , the assassinations of the assets of the albanians , which led to the oppressive people , this time on the talistic side of nato .
the nato peacekeepers have become a force to prevent nowadays from being detained by nato troops , in order to prevent the killings , in the case of the murderers of the massacre groups , which led to the immense ethnic population of the albanian people , this time , to have not been able to prevent nato peacekeepers from being rooted by notes , by the murders , by the murders of the irritating and derous regime , which led by the mathematical and ethnic groups of ethnic groups , which led by the people of albanian people , this time .

