zbytek světa by měl prostě říci ne .
instead , the rest of the world should just say no .
the rest of the world should simply say no .
the rest of the world should simply say no .

to je však velký omyl .
this is a major mistake .
however , this is a great mistake .
however , this is a great mistake .

syrské nebezpečné známosti
syria &apos;s dangerous liaisons
the syrian dangerous knowledge of the seas .
the syrian dangerous satrocities are dangerous .

politika stále bude hrát roli .
politics will still play its role .
policy will continue to play a role .
the policy will still play a role .

potřebují demokracie hodnoty ?
do democracies need values ?
do they need democracy ?
do democracy need democracy &apos;s values ?

je třeba přiznat nesnadnost určování příčin a následků .
the difficulties in determining cause and effect must be acknowledged .
there is a need to recognise the inadequacy of the causes and consequences .
it is necessary to recognise the inadequacy of the causes and consequences .

druhá hodnotová osa se týká sociální spravedlnosti a životního prostředí .
the second axis of values concerns social justice and the environment .
the second valuable eight concerns social justice and the environment .
the second valuable eight values concern social justice and the environment .

turecké členství v eu skýtá příležitosti i výzvy .
turkish eu membership presents both opportunities and challenges .
turkey &apos;s membership of the eu offers opportunities and challenges .
turkish membership of the eu offers opportunities and challenges .

nakolik přesní jsou vaši milovaní experti ?
how accurate are your pet pundits ?
how accurately are your mixed experts ?
what exactly are your mixed experts ?

referenda jsou z velké části jakýmisi momentkami .
referenda are for the most part snapshots .
the referendum referendums are largely part of the mission at the moment .
the referendums of the referendum are largely part of a mission at the moment .

já osobně z ní viním dva nevyřešené , ale řešitelné problémy .
i blame two unsolved , but solvable , problems .
personally , i am responsible for two unresolved , but greek problems .
i personally have two unresolved , but ridiculous problems .

po dosažení těchto cílů evropa dnes chce pozitivně přispět ke světovým událostem .
having achieved these goals , europe now wants to make a positive contribution to world developments .
in order to achieve these objectives , europe today wants to make a positive contribution to world events .
after achieving these objectives , europe today wants to contribute positively to the global events .

nedotvořené zákony přímo souvisejí s nedotvořenými myšlenkami .
unformed laws are directly related to unformed ideas .
the laws that have been made are directly related to the incomprehensible ideas .
they are not made up of laws directly related to the intolerance of ideas .

státy , které dovážejí v současnosti dotované potraviny , si pohorší .
countries that import currently subsidized food will be worse off .
the countries that currently import food at the moment have worse .
the states that are currently importing food are worse .

hlavní důsledky irácké války se neprojeví na bojišti .
the iraq war &apos;s main consequences will not be on the battlefield .
the main consequences of the iraqi war are not shown in the bologna .
the main consequences of the iraqi war are not shown in the south .

nízko položené ostrovy jako maledivy zmizí pod hladinou oceánu .
low lying islands like the maldives will become submerged .
the low-located islands , such as maledics , are disappearing below the steel level .
low-cost islands such as maledilemma disappeared below the ocean .

válka navíc způsobuje mimořádné opotřebení vojenského vybavení , jehož část se bude muset nahradit .
moreover , the war is extremely wearing on equipment , some of which will have to be replaced .
moreover , the war is causing an extraordinary need for military equipment , a part of which will have to be replaced .
moreover , the war is causing an extraordinary need for military equipment , part of which will have to be replaced .

přiznám se , že já osobně nahlížím na dědictví komunismu s větší skepsí .
i confess that i view the heritage of communism with more <<unk>> ticism .
i admit that i personally look at the legacy of communism with greater scepticism .
i admit that i personally look at the heritage of communism with greater scepticism .

strukturální reforma a privatizace se zpomalily , což rozrušuje důvěru investorů .
structural reform and privatization have slowed , eroding investors &apos; confidence .
structural reform and privatisation have been slowed down , which runs counter to the confidence of investors .
structural reform and privatisation have slowed down , which runs the confidence of investors .

kritici už však často neříkají , že stejná logika platí i pro dnešní svět .
but what the critics often don &apos;t say is that the same logic applies to the world today .
however , the criticisms of criticism are often not saying that the same logic also applies to today &apos;s world .
however , criticisms of criticism often do not say that the same logic also applies to today &apos;s world .

multilateralismus je nejúspěšnější , když staví na skutečném sbližování zájmů a hodnot .
multilateralism is most successful when built on a real convergence of interests and values .
multilateralism is the most successful when it places the real convergence of interests and values .
multilateralism is the most successful when it comes to the real convergence of interests and values .

samotní vůdci pak potřebují odvahu převést mnohdy nejistou parlamentní většinu přes odlivy popularity .
leaders themselves need the nerve to take often precarious parliamentary majorities through the troughs of popularity .
the leaders themselves need the courage to translate the often uncertain parliamentary majority across the populist population .
the leaders then need the courage to transfer a large number of uncertain parliamentary majority over the populated population .

pokud ano , bude trvat deset až patnáct let , možná i déle , než bude systém fungovat .
even if it does work , it will be ten to fifteen years , possibly longer , before nmd is operational .
if so , it will take ten to fifteen years , perhaps even longer than the system will work .
if so , it will take ten to fifteen years , perhaps even longer than the system will work .

jednání s tureckem by byla zdlouhavá a ke vstupu země nemusí dojít dříve než v roce 2015 .
negotiations with turkey would be lengthy and accession may not occur before 2015 .
negotiations with turkey would be reluctant and the country &apos;s accession may not happen before 2015 .
the negotiations with turkey would be lengthy and the country &apos;s entry does not have to happen before 2015 .

za jeden ze svých úkolů v této souvislosti pokládám zprostředkování kontaktů mezi těmito skupinami a úřady .
indeed , i view one of my tasks as being to facilitate contacts between these groups and the authorities .
i find one of my tasks in this regard to the mediation of contacts between these groups and the authorities .
i consider the intermediation between these groups and the authorities to be one of my tasks in this context .

takové programy musí být dobře koncipované , cílené a koordinované , aby daly adresátům správné pobídky .
such programs must be well designed , targeted , and coordinated to give the right incentives to beneficiaries .
such programmes must be well confined , targeted and coordinated so that they give the right incentives .
such programmes must be well-aligned , targeted and coordinated in order to provide proper incentives .

těžká období , jako byla takzvaná , , velká deprese<unk> <unk> , se stala příležitostí k zásadním změnám .
hard times , like the great depression , have been occasions for fundamental changes .
a difficult period such as the so-called , large depression of the season , has become an opportunity for fundamental changes .
the difficult period , such as the so-called , large depart of the season , has become an opportunity for fundamental changes .

zaměřovat se na dopady změny klimatu a na snižování emisí by se nemělo vzájemně vylučovat , nýbrž doplňovat .
dealing with the impacts of climate change and with emission reductions should not be mutually exclusive , but complementary .
focusing on the effects of climate change and on reducing emissions should not be mutually excluded but complementary .
focusing on the effects of climate change and reducing emissions should not be mutually exclusive , but complement .

kromě toho , že pohřbila návrh ústavy , se také do značné míry vyhýbala rozpočtové otázce .
besides burying the draft constitution , it has largely sidestepped the budget issue .
in addition to buying the draft constitution , the draft constitution has also largely avoided the budgetary issue .
in addition to the fact that the draft constitution was buried , it has also largely avoided the budgetary issue .

rovněž rozčarování z politiky a politiků představuje klíčový prvek naší tužby po prozřetelných vůdcích .
disillusion with politics and politicians also is a key element of our yearning for providential leaders .
the distinction of policy and politicians also represents a key element of our tourists after prominent leaders .
it is also a key element of our ridiculous leaders in the policy and politicians .

ačkoliv je globalizace postupný proces , jakmile se do hry rozhodla vstoupit čína , získal tento fenomén nový impulz .
although globalization is a gradual process , it gained momentum when china decided to play the game .
although globalisation is a gradual process , once china has decided to enter the game , this phenomenon has obtained a new impetus .
although globalisation is a gradual process once china has decided to join the game , this phenomenon has obtained a new impetus .

překvapivě pro to neexistuje žádné všeobecně přijímané vysvětlení , protože základní příčiny tohoto boomu jsou převážně psychologické .
surprisingly , there is no well-received explanation , because this boom &apos;s ultimate causes are mostly psychological .
there is no general explanation for this , because the basic causes of this booming are mostly psychological .
there is no broad explanation for this because the basic causes of this boom are mostly psychological .

pro americké obchodní partnery rozhodně skvělé byly ; samotný wal-mart tvoří 10 % všech čínských dovozů do usa .
they have certainly been great for america &apos;s trading partners ; wal-mart alone accounts for over 10 % of all us imports from china .
certainly , for us trade partners , they were excellent ; wallis themselves account for 10 % of all chinese imports to the us .
indeed , for the american trade partners , they were excellent ; the wal-mart itself accounts for 10 % of all chinese imports to the usa .

malí dodavatelé vám fakticky poskytnou 80 % hodnoty a inovací , avšak obdrží za to jen 20 % odměny .
the small suppliers actually provide you with 80 % of the value and innovation but only receive 20 % of the reward .
in fact , small suppliers provide you with 80 % of the values and innovation , but they receive only 20 % pay for this .
in fact , small suppliers will provide you 80 % of the values and innovation , but they receive only 20 % remuneration for this .

pokud jde o aféru jukos , můj úřad nemůže zasahovat do jakéhokoliv právního procesu před jeho skončením .
as to the yukos affair , my office cannot intervene in any legal process until it is completed .
as far as the affair is concerned , my office cannot interfere in any legal process before its end .
as far as the affair is concerned , my office cannot interfere in any legal process before its end .

oněch několik málo výjimek se objevilo zejména díky přetrvávajícím nebo nově započatým progresivním vládním intervencím .
the few exceptions have been due largely to continued or new progressive government interventions .
a few exceptions have emerged , in particular , thanks to persistent or newly progressive government intervention .
in particular , the few exceptions have emerged in particular , thanks to the continuing or newly emerging progressive government intervention .

situaci politické pravice ve vsech východoevropských zemích ovlivňují rovněž zkusenosti , jež mají své kořeny v dějinách a tradicích .
the situation of the political right in each central european country is also influenced by experiences that are rooted in history and tradition .
the situation of the political right in the eastern european countries also affects the test that they have in their history and traditions .
the situation of the political right in the eastern european countries also affects the test that they have in history and traditions .

paradoxem samozřejmě bylo , že většina z 15 starých členských států odmítla umožnit novým členům plný a okamžitý přístup na západní trhy práce .
the irony , of course , was that most of the 15 old member states had refused to give the new members full and immediate access to the western job markets .
of course , the paradox was that most of the 15 old member states refused to allow new members full and immediate access to western labour markets .
of course , the paradoxical paradoxical was that most of the 15 old member states refused to allow new members full and immediate access to western labour markets .

američané zase musí přemýšlet o tom , kde leží vhodná rovnováha mezi estetikou , společenstvím a nízkými cenami .
americans , in turn , must think about where the proper balance lies between aesthetics , community , and low prices .
in turn , the americans have to think about where the appropriate balance lies between the elite , the community and low prices .
once again , the americans have to think about where there is a suitable balance between the elite , the community and low prices .

turecko je navíc po mnoho desetiletí zodpovědným členem mnoha evropských institucí a není důvod se domnívat , že by se v eu chovalo jinak .
moreover , for decades turkey has been a responsible member of many european institutions , and there is no reason to believe that it would act differently in the eu .
in addition , turkey is , for many decades , a responsible member of many european institutions , and there is no reason to believe that it would be otherwise in the eu .
moreover , turkey is , for many decades , a responsible member of many european institutions , and it is not a reason to believe that it would be different in the eu .

američané například platí přibližně 300 miliard dolarů ročně za <unk> opční hodnotu <unk> <unk> schopnost bojovat , kdekoliv je potřeba .
for instance , americans pay some $ 300 billion annually for the &quot; option value &quot; of military preparedness -- being able to fight wherever needed .
for example , the americans pay approximately 300 billion dollars per year of optional value in the fight , wherever necessary .
for example , the americans pay approximately 300 billion dollars per year for a pledge of the crackdown of the emitting value of the offshore , wherever there is a need .

nesmlouvaví skeptikové na tomto místě vítězoslavně zaburácejí , že máme taková média , jaká si zasloužíme .
at this point , uncharitable <<unk>> tics chortle that we get the media we deserve .
they do not know the sceptics in this place to celebrate vigorously that we have such media as we deserve .
we do not have sceptical sceptics in this place in the victory to celebrate the fact that we have such a media that we deserve .

předpokládá se , že ve východní asii se tato <unk> demografická dividenda <unk> podílela na hospodářském růstu v regionu z více než jedné čtvrtiny .
in east asia , this &quot; demographic dividend &quot; is believed to have generated more than a quarter of the region &apos;s economic growth .
it is foreseen that in eastern asia , this demographic dividends have been involved in economic growth in the region in more than one quarter .
it is envisaged that in eastern asia , this demographic dividend has been involved in economic growth in the region from more than one quarter .

nikdo neuvažuje nad tím , jak dále strhávat ekonomiku do hlubin prostřednictvím zvysování daňových sazeb a seskrtávání výdajů .
no one considers how to put further downward pressure on the economy by raising tax rates and cutting back on spending programs .
no one thinks about how to attract the economy further in deepens through tax rates and resettlement of expenditure .
no one is looking at how to further spend the economy into deepening through the expulsion of tax rates and seasonal expenditure .

proto jsem navrhl putinovi , aby mělo čečensko vlastního regionálního ombudsmana , který by v oblasti trávil veškerý čas .
this is why i suggested to putin that chechnya have its own regional rights ombudsman who would spend all his time there .
that is why i have proposed to putin to have their own regional ombudsman , who would spend all time in the area .
that is why i have proposed putin to have a czech regional ombudsman , who would spend all the time in the area .

jinde - kupříkladu v guatemale a v některých částech regionu and - však sociální rozdíly zůstávají zatíženy násilím a nedůvěrou .
in other places - for example , guatemala and parts of the andean region - social divisions remain fraught with violence and distrust .
however , elsewhere - the example of guatemala and in some parts of the region - but social differences remain a burden of violence and unconfidentiality .
however , social differences remain burden on violence and mistrust in guatemala and in some parts of the region .

dnes se ovšem někteří politikové chtějí přiživit na touze východní evropy stát se součástí evropské unie a historických ran a jizev využívají ve svůj vlastní politický prospěch .
today , some politicians want to capitalize on eastern europe &apos;s desire to be part of europe to reopen historical issues to their political advantage .
today , however , some politicians want to live on the desire of eastern europe to become part of the european union and the historic rain and the south use their own political benefit .
however , today , some politicians want to get to the desire of eastern europe to become part of the european union and historical racial , and they use the name in their own political favour .

co se iráku týče , damašek projevuje už od pádu bagdádu z 9. dubna 2003 přehnanou nostalgii po starém systému .
in iraq , since the fall of baghdad on april 9 , 2003 , damascus has shown undue nostalgia for the old system .
as far as iraq is concerned , damages have already been shown since the fall of baghdad from 9 april 2003 by excessive algii following the old system .
as far as iraq is concerned , damages has already shown from the fall of baghdad from 9 april 2003 , except algio algio after the old system .

v subsaharské africe pak většina ekonomik nebyla s to adekvátně zareagovat na adaptační programy prosazované mezinárodním měnovým fondem a světovou bankou .
in sub-saharan africa , most economies failed to respond to the adjustment programs demanded by the imf and world bank .
in sub-saharan africa , the majority of the economies were not adequately responded to adaptation programmes promoted by the international monetary fund and the world bank .
then , in sub-saharan africa , the majority of the economies were unable to respond adequately to the adaptation programmes promoted by the international monetary fund and the world bank .

v praxi to znamenalo značný příliv peněz buďto velkým zemědělským producentům , jako je francie , nebo chudším členským státům , jako jsou řecko a portugalsko .
in practice , this has meant large flows of money either to big agricultural producers , like france , or to poorer member states , like greece and portugal .
in practice , this meant a significant amount of money in the bubble of large agricultural producers such as france , or poorer member states such as greece and portugal .
in practice , this has resulted in a significant influx of money in the large agricultural producers , such as france , or the poorer member states , such as greece and portugal .

federální rezervní úřad usa čelí dilematu , neboť tváří v tvář ekonomice zpustošené hurikánem potřebuje nadále zvyšovat úrokové sazby .
the us federal reserve faces a dilemma , for it needs to continue raising interest rates in the face of a hurricane-devastated economy .
the us federal reserve office is facing dilemma , as in the face of the economy devastated by hurricane hurricane , it needs to continue to increase interest rates .
the us federal reserve office is facing dilemma , because , in the face of the pocket economy , it needs to continue to increase interest rates .

čím déle se ceny energií udrží na současných nebetyčných úrovních , tím vyšší je pravděpodobnost , že se zvýší inflační očekávání a sekundární důsledky se zhmotní .
the longer energy prices remain at their current lofty levels , the greater the probability that inflationary expectations will increase and that second-round effects will materialize .
the longer the price of energy will be kept at the current nepal levels , the more likely that inflation expectations will increase and the secondary consequences will be collapsed .
the longer cost of energy will be kept at the current unlawful levels , the more likely that inflation expectations and secondary consequences will increase .

i když dnesní vládnoucí koalice , sestávající z konzervativců a populistů , slaví úspěchy , na skutečné zúčtování maďarská pravice dosud čeká .
although the current governing coalition , consisting of conservatives and populists , has been successful , the real reckoning for hungary &apos;s right may still be yet to come .
although the ruling coalition , the current conservatives and populists , celebrate the achievements , the real opening of the hungarian right is still awaiting .
although the ruling coalition of the coalition , the existing conservatives and populists , they are celebrating achievements , the real settlement of the hungarian right is still awaiting .

jiní namítají , že takové řešení nepřichází v chodorkovského případě v úvahu - že by díky svému bohatství mohl snadno složit kauci a uprchnout do zahraničí .
others say that this is not an option in khodorkovsky &apos;s case - being very rich , he could easily jump bail and flee abroad .
others say that such a solution does not come in the khodorkovsky case - that , thanks to their wealth , it could easily be combated and fleeing abroad .
others say that such a solution does not come into account in the khodorkovsky case - that , thanks to their wealth , it could easily be combated and fleeing abroad .

zásadním tématem diskuse v sýrii je obroda islámu coby alternativy k politickému a ekonomickému systému , který nabízí jen málo pobídek všem kromě režimního panstva .
a major item of discussion in syria is the revival of islam as an alternative to a political and economic system offering few incentives except to regime grandees .
the key subject of the debate in syria is the family and islam as an alternative to the political and economic system , which offers little incentives to all apart from the pan-european panels .
the fundamental issue of the discussion in syria is the embassy and islam as an alternative to the political and economic system , which only offers little incentives to all of the panic regimes .

úspěch komplexního úsilí o zlepšení bezpečnosti léčiv závisí především na založení nezávislého úřadu pro kontrolu bezpečnosti léčiv , který hájí , koordinuje a směruje regulační agendu .
above all , the success of any comprehensive effort to improve drug safety hinges upon establishing an independent office of drug safety to advocate , coordinate , and provide direction to the regulatory agenda .
the success of a comprehensive effort to improve the safety of medicines depends , above all , on the establishment of an independent office for control of the safety of medicines , which defends it , coordinated and mixtures the regulatory agenda .
the success of a comprehensive effort to improve the safety of medicines depends , above all , on the establishment of an independent authority for the control of medicines in which they defend , coordinate and directing the regulatory agenda .

přinejmenším bychom tedy měli učinit toto , pokud je naše jednání založeno alespoň na nějakých morálních zásadách , a nikoliv na zásadě leonida brežněva : co máme , to držíme .
at least , that is what we should do , if our actions are based on some moral principle , rather than that of leonid brezhnev : what we have , we hold .
at the very least , we should do this if our negotiations are based at least on some moral principles , and not on the principle of leonida brok : what we have , we are keeping it .
so at least , we should do this if our negotiations are based on at least what moral principles , and not on the principle of leoniki : what we have .

řídce osídlená austrálie nabídla víc než dvojnásobek americké pomoci , japonsko přislíbilo téměř o 50 % víc a evropa se zavázala věnovat pětinásobek .
lightly populated australia offered more than twice america &apos;s assistance , japan promised almost 50 % more , and europe pledged more than five times as much .
the laudable australia offered more than twice american aid , japan promised almost 50 % more , and europe has committed itself to paying ratings .
the spare australia has offered more than double american aid , japan promised almost 50 % more , and europe has committed itself to a fifteen .

jestliže jsou lidé vytěsnění a mají před sebou bezútěšné životní vyhlídky , pak zejména ti mladí často prožívají anomii a mohou se obrátit k protispolečenskému chování , včetně násilí .
excluded and facing bleak life prospects , young people , in particular , often experience anomie and may turn to anti-social behavior , including violence .
if people are close , and they have uncomfortable prospects of living , especially young people often live in anchor and can turn to anti-social behaviour , including violence .
if people are close and are faced with unprecedented living prospects , in particular young people often sell themselves and can turn to anti-social behaviour , including violence .

a za druhé <unk> opět v souladu s tím , před čím skeptikové varovali <unk> jsou přehánějící experti za své omyly jen zřídkakdy trestáni .
second , again as the <<unk>> tics warned , over-claimers rarely pay penalties for being wrong .
secondly , once again , in line with what sceptical eggs have been going on , some underestimated experts for their omissions are just being punished when they are punished .
secondly , once again , in accordance with the way in which the sceptical warrants were killed by some experts for their omissions when they were punished .

vládní stipendia na školné a na nové a rozšířené univerzity zde mohou hrát významnou roli , stejně jako investice do počítačů a informačních technologií na školách i ve veřejné sféře .
government stipends for tuition and for new and enlarged universities can play a big role , as can investment in computers and information technology in schools and communities .
government penetration on school and new and enlarged universities can play an important role here , as well as investment in computers and information technology at schools and in the public sphere .
the government pension pensions and the new and widespread universities can play an important role here , as well as investment in computers and information technologies in schools and in the public sphere .

od té doby panoval v usa siroký konsenzus , že cyklické hospodářské potíže vyžadují využití rozpočtových schodků , které ulehčí strádání , stimulují agregátní poptávku a uspísí oživení .
since then the broad consensus in the us has been that cyclical economic distress requires the use of budget deficits to ameliorate suffering , stimulate aggregate demand , and hasten recovery .
since then , there has been a rosiege consensus in the us that cyclical economic difficulties require the use of budget deficits , which make it easier to alleviate , stimulate aggregate demand and revitalise recovery .
since then , there has been a strong consensus in the us , that cyclical economic difficulties require the use of budgetary deficits , which will make it easier for them , stimulate aggregate demand and increase recovery .

každý si dokáže vybavit nějakou situaci kolektivního rozhodování - konkurzní komisi , skupinu pro přípravu předpisů - kde někteří členové byli elé belé . všichni jsme někdy byli elé belé , a ani o tom nemusíme vědět .
all of us can recall collective decision-making situations--a selection committee , a team for drafting rules--where some members were elé belés . all of us have been elé belés at one time or another , though we may not be aware of it .
everyone can equip itself with any situation of collective decision making - the competitors , the commission , the group for preparation of regulations - where some members were elbet , and we have all been el-beaten , and we do not have to know about it .
everyone will be able to equip some of the situation of collective decisions - the competitors commission , the group for preparing regulations - where some members were elled - and we have sometimes been elled , and we do not need to know that .

ve francii prezident jacques chirac , toto ztělesnění vůdce v zajetí svých lobby , nemohoucně klopýtá k roku 2007 , kdy mu končí volební období .
in france , president jacques chirac , the epitome of a leader captured by his lobbies , is staggering impotently toward the end of his term in 2007 .
in france , jacques chirac , president jacques chirac , this empowerment of the leader in the jail of his lobbies , the impasse in 2007 when he ends up with the electoral period .
in france , president jacques chicrac , this body of forestry in the zation of his lobbies , is uncomfortable to 2007 , when he finds him to the term of the electoral period .

nedospěje-li rada bezpečnosti k rozhodnutí o konečném statusu , nastane vážná situace : kosovo by pak jednostranně vyhlásilo nezávislost a všechny země by se musely rozhodnout , zda nový stát uznají .
if the security council fails to reach a decision on final status , it will produce a grave situation : kosovo would declare independence unilaterally , and all nations would have to make up their mind whether or not to recognize the new state .
if the security council does not rush to the decision on the final status , there will be a serious situation : kosovo would then unilaterally declare independence , and all countries would have to decide whether the new state will know .
if the security council does not succeed in making a decision on the final status , it will be a serious situation : kosovo would then unilaterally declare independence and all countries would have to decide whether the new state is known .

když si koupíte automobil vyrobený firmou general motors , pak 80 centů z každého dolaru připadne firmě gm , která v převážné míře jen řídí sama sebe .
when you buy a car from general motors , 80 cents from each dollar goes to gm , which mostly only manages itself .
if you are buying the car produced by general motors , then 80 cents from every dollar will come to me with a company of gm , which is largely governed by itself .
when you purchase the car produced by general motors , then 80 centuries from every dollar will come to me by the gm , which is largely governed by itself .

vědeckotechnickou revoluci umožnil vynález tiskařského stroje , průmyslovou revoluci parní stroj a útěk indie před hladomorem umožnilo zvýšení výnosů z farem <unk> takzvaná <unk> zelená revoluce <unk> .
the scientific revolution was made possible by the printing press , the industrial revolution by the steam engine , and india &apos;s escape from famine by increased farm yields -- the so-called &quot; green revolution . &quot;
the scientific and technological revolution has enabled the printing of the printing machinery , the industrial revolution of the park tree machine and india &apos;s body before the famine made it possible to increase the yield from the fault of the fault of the green revolution .
scientific and technological revolution has enabled the printing of the printing machinery , the industrial revolution of the park and the father of india to make it possible to increase the yield from the father of the so-called green symbol .

budou občané eu , jejichž kořeny sahají na jiné kontinenty a již svým náboženstvím patří k hinduismu nebo islámu , sikhismu nebo buddhismu , schopni se ztotožnit s <unk> evropskými <unk> hodnotami a kulturou ?
will eu citizens whose origins are in other continents and whose religion is hindu or islam , sikh or buddhist , be able to identify with &quot; european &quot; values and culture ?
will the citizens of the eu , whose roots are saved on other continents , and their religion already belongs to ideology or islam , sihism or buddhism , be able to identify with european values and cultures ?
will the citizens of the eu , whose roots are based on other continents and already belong to their religion or islam or islam , sihism or buddism , will they be able to identify with european values and ties of cultures ?

je zřejmé , že reformy , které vláda navrhla a částečně již zavedla , jsou nepopulární , a lze jen stěží pochybovat , že koalice sociálních demokratů a zelených by rok po svém zvolení neměla u volebních uren příliš velkou šanci .
clearly , the reforms proposed and already partly enacted by the government are unpopular , and there is little doubt that , a year after their re-election , the coalition of the social democrats and the greens would not stand much of a chance at the polls .
it is clear that the reforms proposed by the government have already introduced in part are unpopular , and can only be doubtful that the coalition of the social democrats and the greens should not have a very great chance for their election after the election .
it is clear that the reforms proposed by the government and partially introduced are unpopular , and it is hardly questionable to doubt that the coalition of social democrats and the greens should not have a great chance after their election uprisings .

chřadnoucí státy přehlížíme na vlastní nebezpečí , neboť anarchie vytváří prostředí blahodárné pro extrémistické ideologie a může skýtat útočiště teroristům , zločincům a obchodníkům s drogami .
we ignore failing states at our peril , because anarchy creates an environment conducive to extremist ideologies and can offer a haven for terrorists , criminals , and drug traffickers .
we are ignoring the random of the states , because anarchy creates a well-worthy environment for extreme ideological ideology , and can threaten terrorists , criminals and drug traffickers .
we are ignoring the rigid states in the face of our own danger , because anarchy creates a wellbeing for extreme ideology and can threaten terrorists , criminals and drug traffickers .

evropská centrální banka věří , že nebezpečí neřízené inflace , jež by následovalo , kdyby veřejnost ztratila důvěru v její snahu o nízkou inflaci , převažuje nad výdaji za evropskou zaměstnanost , která je až příliš vysoká .
in europe , the european central bank believes that the danger of uncontrolled inflation following a loss of public confidence in its commitment to low inflation outweighs the costs of european employment that is far too high .
the european central bank believes that the risk of uncontrolled inflation , which would result in the public having lost confidence in its efforts to low inflation , is dominated by expenditure for european employment , which is too high .
the european central bank believes that the risk of uncontrolled inflation , which would have followed if the public lost confidence in its efforts to low inflation , is transferred to european employment expenditure , which is too high .

když se tedy britové s touto tvrdou realitou vyrovnali , sehráli při vedení vyjednávání žalostnou koncovku plnou úzkoprsého skrblictví a logice se příčících nabídek , jejichž hlavním cílem bylo ochránit omezené britské zájmy , převážně na úkor nových členských států .
so when the british came to terms with this harsh reality , they played out the lamentable end-game of their management of the negotiations with small-minded cheese-paring and logic-chopping offers , all designed primarily to safeguard narrow british interests , mainly at the expense of the new member states .
therefore , when the british people have been faced with this hard reality , they have played a full cold end in the negotiations of a narrow-minded contempt and logic with the figures offered to protect the limited british interests , mostly at the expense of the new member states .
therefore , when the british people were dealing with this hard reality , they have played a full scrapping of the full narrowness and logic with the chinese , whose main objective was to protect the limited british interests , mainly at the expense of the new member states .

tímto krokem přesunuly dluhovou zátěž z přístí generace na investory , kteří neopustili trh s cennými papíry při prvním náznaku rostoucích cen nebo kteří odložili nákup domu v době , kdy mohla inflace vymazat skutečnou hodnotu jejich hypotečního dluhu .
they thus shifted the debt burden away from the next generation and onto investors who did not bail out of the bond market at the first sign of rising prices , or who postponed buying a house when inflation would have wiped out the real value of their mortgage debt .
this step has shifted the debt burden from generation to investors who have not abandoned the market in securities at the first signs of rising prices , or who have postponed the purchase of the house at a time when inflation could erode the real value of their mortgage debt .
this step has resulted in a debt burden from generations to investors , who have not abandoned the price market in the first square of rising prices , or who have postponed the purchase of the houses at a time when inflation could bring real value to their mortgage debt .

bylo zcela přirozené , že tam , kde chemie neuspěla , fyzika - a její přední laboratoř - našla cestu vpřed , cestu , kterou vytyčili watson a crick svým impozantním průlomovým úspěchem , který si připomínáme tento měsíc .
it was only natural that where chemistry fell short , physics--and its premier laboratory--showed the way forward , a way grasped by watson and crick in the epic breakthrough that we celebrate this month .
it was quite natural that , where chemicals did not succeed , physical - and its pre-laboratory laboratories - have found the way forward , the way in which watson and crick cristion his invitation , which we remember this month .
it was absolutely natural that , where chemicals did not succeed , physical - and its pre-laboratories - the way forward , the way forward by watson and cristck by his impressive breakthrough , which we remember this month .

v této chvíli se dají předvídat dva nepříjemné následky . za prvé , není lepšího způsobu , jak část veřejného mínění v kandidátských zemích obrátit proti evropské unii , než když bude místním populistům dovoleno líčit unii jako hybnou sílu šíření německého vlivu .
two savage consequences are foreseeable : first , that there is no better way to turn parts of public opinion in the candidate countries against the eu than by allowing local populists to portray the union as an agent of spreading german power .
at the moment , two unpleasant consequences are predicted ; firstly , there is no better way to turn part of public opinion in candidate countries against the european union than if the local population is allowed to leave the union as a driving force for the spread of the german influence .
at the moment , two unpleasant consequences are foreseen : firstly , it is not a better way , as part of the public opinion in candidate countries against the european union , rather than giving the population the union the union as a driving force for the spread of the german influence .

svým hlasitým prohlášením , že , , bez nezávislého polska na mapě nemůže být spravedlivé evropy &quot; , papež fakticky smetl pokřivené poválečné uspořádání , které odsunulo polsko do sovětské mocenské sféry .
in saying aloud that &quot; there can be no just europe without an independent poland on its map , &quot; the pope effectively swept away the unjust postwar settlement that had subjugated poland to soviet power .
without an independent poland on the map , it cannot be a fair europe , a pope of europe , a meltdown of war that has been denounced by poland , without an independent poland on the map , cannot be a fair europe &apos; , a papel of a meltdown of war wars that has forced poland to the soviet priests .
the message that , without an independent poland on the map , can not be a fair europe &apos; , a papel of a shameful war that has forced poland into the soviet basin .

celková zářijová inflace na úrovni 2,6 % překročila 2 % cíl ecb <unk> a totéž platí pro poslední prognózu inflace v roce 2006 ( aktualizované prognózy budou zveřejněny na začátku prosince ) . <unk> období mzdové umírněnosti se může chýlit ke konci , <unk> varuje hlavní ekonom ecb otmar issing a naznačuje , že stoupající ceny energií se možná už přelévají do celkové cenové hladiny ( jako takzvané <unk> sekundární důsledky <unk> ) .
september headline inflation , at 2.6 % , is above the ecb &apos;s 2 % target <<unk>> -- as is the latest forecast for 2006 inflation ( updated forecasts will be released at the beginning of december ) . &quot; the period of wage moderation may be coming to an end , &quot; warns otmar issing , the ecb &apos;s chief economist , implying that soaring energy prices may now be feeding through into the overall price level ( so-called &quot; second-round effects &quot; ) .
the aim of the ecb is to exceed 2 % for the latest forecasts of inflation in 2006 ( updated forecasts will be published at the beginning of december ) , the period of wage moderation may be carried out at the end of the day , the ecb &apos;s main economist economists and indicates that the prices of energy may be translated into the overall level ( as the result of the so-called wage period of moderation ) may take place at the end of the day .
the last forecasts in 2006 ( up-to-date forecasts ) of the total inflation rate at 2.6 % , except 2 % of the ecb &apos;s objective , and the same applies to the latest forecasts of inflation in 2006 ( updating forecasts will be published at the beginning of december ) , a period of salary moderate can be included at the end , warned by the primary economist economists of the ecb , and it indicates that the price of energy is perhaps falling into the overall level ( such as the so-called &apos; fabric &apos; .

mimo evropu se tato situace týká i donedávna opěvovaného brazilského prezidenta luise inacia da silvy zvaného , , lula &quot; , nemluvě o mexickém prezidentovi vicentem foxovi a jihokorejském prezidentovi ro mu-hjonovi - druhý jmenovaný dokonce vyzval k referendu , jež by mělo pomoci zastavit jeho klesající popularitu .
beyond europe this is true even for the recently acclaimed brazilian president luis inacio &quot; lula &quot; da silva , to say nothing of mexican president vicente fox and south korean president roh moo-hyun , the latter having called for a referendum to help arrest his sinking popularity .
the situation outside europe relates to the appalling brazilian president luis called silva , lula , lukashenko , not to the mexico virus , the president of the president of south korea and the south korean president , who has even called for a referendum to be put in place to help to stop his cia .
the situation outside europe also concerns the federal president of the lund , the so-called prime minister ainda , lund &apos;état , lunch , who was called on to halt to the irish president , luanna lunch , &apos; the mexico president of mexico , the saxis and the burmese president of south korea - the second president of korea - even the second cameroon to the referendum on his referendum .

společnost se stala rasově a etnicky pestřejší , neboť evropské , indiánské a africké obyvatelstvo se mezi sebou mísilo , ovšem dlouhodobý trend evropské nadvlády na jedné straně a domorodé a afroamerické podřízenosti na straně druhé se v kombinaci se zakořeněnou chudobou stal jizvou na latinskoamerické společnosti .
societies became racially and ethnically complex , as the european , amerindian , and african populations intermarried , but the long-term trend of european dominance , indigenous and afro-american subservience , and entrenched poverty became a scar on latin american societies .
it has become a racial and ethnic society , as the european indian population and the african population has been a long-term trend , but on the one hand , the domination of the american government and the domination of us coupled with the ancient poverty , as the european people of africa and the african population have become a long-standing trend , but the long-standing trend of the european government and the domination of the athens of america and the united states of america , on the other hand , has become a combination of extreme poverty .
however , the urban society has become an ethnic and pessimist society , since the indian population between the african and the african population has become a long-term trend between the european government and the united kingdom , on the one hand , and the united kingdom of america , in the meaningful way , in which the european indian indian and indian population has become a long-term trend between the african population .

kosovský zásah byl pozoruhodný i v dalším ohledu : jeho legitimita se svým charakterem zcela opírala o morálku , neboť byl odpovědí na vojenskou akci , jíž miloševičův režim prováděl etnické čištění a jež vyvolávala reálnou hrozbu další obrovské humanitární katastrofy .
the kosovo intervention was also notable in another way : its legitimation was entirely moral in character , responding to the milosevic regime &apos;s ethnic cleansing campaign , which had created a real threat of yet another immense humanitarian disaster .
the remarkable intervention of kosovo has also been remarkable : its legitimacy has been completely based on a moral response , because the military action that has been carried out in the fashion by the kosovo regime has been a remarkable disaster : its legitimacy , with its nature , on a moral basis , because the military response that has been completely under threat to the military action that has been carried out in the fashion , which the humanitarian regime has been carried out and carried out in a real way .
in addition , the kosovo intervention has been authorised in another respect : its nature was a completely based on the military response that was carried out in the military action regime , which was carried out by the military disaster , which was a remarkable threat to the humanitarian disaster , in another respect : its nature , with its nature , the nature of its nature , which was entirely based on a humanitarian response , a military response , which was carried out in the military action that was carried out in the devastation of the devastating humanitarian disaster , which had been carried out a huge humanitarian disaster .

