nejsnazší bude ověřit první tvrzení .
the first claim should be the easiest to verify .
the best is to verify the first statement .
the first claim will be to verify the first claims .

evropa jen dál šlape vodu .
europe , however , is treading water .
europe is continuing to hide the water .
europe only continues to shut down water .

důkazy spadají do dvou kategorií .
the evidence falls into two categories .
evidence falls within two categories .
evidence falls within two categories .

to je mnohem těžší !
this is far more difficult !
this is much harder !
this is much more difficult !

nesmysl .
nonsense .
nonsense .
it does not make sense .

její zrušení by mělo dopad na všechny ostatní dohody o kontrole zbraní .
its disappearance would affect all other arms control agreements .
its abolition should affect all other arms control agreements .
its abolition would have an impact on all other agreements on arms control .

ano , do jisté míry platí , že taková je cena pokroku .
yes , to some extent , such is the price of progress .
yes , to some extent , it is true that this is the price of progress .
yes , to a certain extent , it is true that this is the price of progress .

jak se zdá , nic nejde tak , jak by mělo .
nothing , it seems , is going right .
as seems to be , nothing is the case as it should .
as it seems , nothing seems to be as it should .

dnes se situace změnila ve třech významných ohledech .
today , the situation has changed in three important respects .
today , the situation has changed in three important respects .
today , the situation has changed in three important respects .

pochopitelně , měnová politika také ovlivňuje přerozdělování .
of course , monetary policy also has redistributive effects .
of course , monetary policy also affects redistribution .
of course , monetary policy also affects redistribution .

přijít na to , co v té které zemi funguje , si žádá experimentování .
discovering what works in any one country requires experimentation .
to come up with what works in that country requires experimentation .
to come up with what is working in the country , it calls for experimentation .

rok 2005 byl pro evropu v mnoha ohledech annus horibilis .
in many ways , 2005 has been europe &apos;s annus horibilis .
2005 was annus trillion for europe in many respects .
2005 was a year for europe in many respects , annus border for europe .

ať je tomu jakkoliv , americká politika nebyla založena na důkazech .
whatever the case , american policy was not based on evidence .
whatever it is , the american policy has not been based on pensions .
whatever happens , the american policy has not been based on pensions .

také vlády promptně přispěly svou troškou do mlýna .
governments promptly obliged with more of the same .
the governments have also made an indispensable contribution to silence in the government .
governments have also made a strong contribution to their little in silence .

staří stratégové studené války jsou zklamáni .
all this comes as a disappointment to old cold war strategists .
the old fear of the cold war is disappointing .
the stagnation of the same cold war are disappointing .

stalo se přání otcem myšlenky , anebo šlo o sebenaplňující se proroctví ?
was this wishful thinking or self-fulfilling prophecy ?
has the desire to be a father , or was it a seven-filling selling ?
has it become the wish of the idea of the idea of ideas , or was it a seasonal of profiling ?

nepřímá kritika současnosti bývá obvykle klíčovým aspektem idealizovaného pohledu na minulost .
indirect criticism of the present is usually a key element in idealized views of the past .
the indirect criticism today is usually a key aspect of an idealised view of the past .
at the moment , the criticism is usually a key aspect of the idealised perspective on the past .

řádná a vyčerpávající dokumentace škodlivých účinků léčiv je nesnadná .
proper and complete documentation of harmful drug effects is difficult .
the proper and exhaustive documentation of harmful effects of medicinal products is difficult .
proper and exhaustive documentation of harmful effects of medicines is insurmountable .

ve stále větší míře svoboda vyjadřování nemá vliv na chování vlád a ani je neomezuje .
increasingly , free expression of opinion does not influence or restrain how government behaves .
more and more freedom of expression has no influence on the behaviour of governments , nor is it restricted .
more and more freedom of expression has no influence on the behaviour of governments , nor does it restrict them .

a na blízkém východě a v severní africe je zhruba čtvrtina všech mladých lidí bez zaměstnání .
and , in the middle east and north africa region , about a quarter of all young people are unemployed .
in the middle east and north africa , around a quarter of all young people without employment is around a quarter of all young people .
in the middle east and in north africa , around a quarter of all young people without employment are a quarter of the middle east .

vstup turecka do unie by dal pádnou odpověď , již by bylo obzvlášť zřetelně slyšet v islámském světě .
turkey &apos;s accession to the union would give a powerful answer , one that would be heard with particular clarity in the islamic world .
turkey &apos;s accession to the union would have given a full response , which would be particularly clear in the islamic world .
turkey &apos;s accession to the union would give a strong response , which would be particularly clear in the islamic world .

není snad pravděpodobné , že by si raději přečetli názor experta s vyšší dosavadní úspěšností ?
wouldn &apos;t they be more likely to read pundits with better track records ?
is it not likely that they would prefer to read the opinion of experts with higher success so far ?
is it not likely that they would prefer to read the opinion of the experts with greater success to date ?

chce být součástí politické evropy , ale pouze budou-li ostatní členské státy následovat britský model hospodářské a sociální reformy .
he wants to be a part of a political europe ; but only if the other member states follow britain &apos;s model of economic and social reform .
it wants to be part of a political europe , but only if the other member states follow the british model of economic and social reform .
it wants to be part of a political europe , but only if other member states follow the british model of economic and social reforms .

někteří v něm spatřují obhájce chudých , jiní kritika liberální teologie .
some see a defender of the poor , others a critic of liberation theology .
some of them are burning the haitians of poor , others criticising the liberal theology .
some of them see the defenders of poor , others criticise the liberal theory .

někteří evropstí ministři financí stále vnímají pakt stability jako , , základní kámen<unk> <unk> emu .
some eu finance ministers still view the stability pact as the <<unk>> <<unk>> cornerstone &apos; &apos; of emu .
some european finance ministers still perceive the stability pact as a fundamental one , the cornerstones involved .
some european finance ministers still perceive the stability pact , such as , the fundamental pledge of the venture .

veřejnost žádá rychlé odpovědi na složité problémy , které by mohly ohrozit planetu , pokud by zůstaly neřešeny .
the public demands quick answers to complex problems that , unsolved , risk endangering the planet .
the public is calling for rapid answers to complex problems that could threaten the planet if they remain unresolved .
the public is asking for rapid answers to the complex problems that could jeopardise the planet if they remain unresolved .

metoda pokusu a omylu v sobě zahrnuje i možnost chybovat , než se o něco pokusíme znovu .
trial and error implies the opportunity to err before we try again .
the method of temptation and omission in itself also includes the possibility of error than we will try to do something again .
the method of fines and omission in each other includes the possibility of error before we try again .

snížení daní a zvýsení výdajů zajisté zvětsuje rozpočtový deficit , ovsem zdravým a užitečným způsobem .
the fall in taxes and the rise in spending do widen the budget deficit , but in a healthy and useful way .
the reduction in taxes and the increase in expenditure is certainly the budget deficit , a healthy and useful way .
the reduction of taxes and the increase in expenditure will certainly increase the budget deficit , a healthy and useful way .

na rozdíl od oficiálního státního dluhu nejsou navíc závazky plynoucí ze sociálního zabezpečení fixovány na měnu .
moreover , unlike official national debt , social-welfare obligations are not fixed in currency .
in addition , unlike official sovereign debt , the commitments arising from social security fixed-term social security are not made on the currency .
in addition , unlike official sovereign debt , the commitments made by social security fixes are not based on currency .

v důsledku toho nemusí být věhlas v přímé , ale naopak v nepřímé úměře k dlouhodobé přesnosti .
as a result , fame could be negatively , not positively , correlated with long-run accuracy .
as a result , it does not need to be a voice in direct terms , but rather in an indirect currency to long-term accuracy .
as a result , it does not have to be a voice in direct but , on the contrary , in an indirect currency to long-term accuracy .

růst peněžní zásoby už jistou dobu zřetelně přesahuje cílové úrovně , což naznačuje přebytečnou likviditu .
money-supply growth has been well above target levels for some time now , indicating excess liquidity .
the growth of money stocks has been clearly exceeded by a target level for some time , which indicates surplus liquidity .
the growth of money stocks has been clearly beyond the target level for some time , which indicates surplus liquidity .

náš odhad přitom nezahrnuje žádné náklady spojené s enormními ztrátami na životech a majetku přímo v samotném iráku .
and our estimate does not include any of the costs implied by the enormous loss of life and property in iraq itself .
at the same time , our estimate does not include any costs associated with the enormous loss of life and property directly in iraq .
at the same time , our estimate does not include any costs associated with enormous loss of life and property directly in iraq itself .

nejhlubším problémem je neschopnost evropy růst rychlejším než hlemýždím tempem a poskytnout svým občanům pracovní místa .
the deepest problem is europe &apos;s inability to grow at more than a snail &apos;s pace and to provide jobs to its citizens .
the most deepest problem is the inability of europe to grow faster than the myth of the dark and to provide its citizens with jobs .
the deepest problem is europe &apos;s inability to grow faster than the fault rate and to provide its citizens with jobs .

vlády mají obavy , ne však pro to , čeho je amerika schopna , nýbrž pro její skutečné či iluzorní plány .
governments are worried now , not because of capabilities , but because of america &apos;s real or imagined intentions .
governments are concerned , but not for what america is able to do , but for its real or ilor-made plans .
governments are concerned , but not for what the american is capable , but for its real or irresponsible plans .

jejich formulace jemně pozměňovaly blixovy výroky , aby vyhovovaly americkým válečným argumentům .
the paraphrasing would subtly change blix &apos;s comments to suit america &apos;s case for war .
their formulation , which has been formulated in the field of mobility , should comply with the american war arguments .
their formulations have been amended in order to comply with the american war arguments .

někteří lidé doufají , že odklad rozdmýchá násilí v kosovu a dále podnítí západ , aby nezávislost znovu zvážil .
some hope that postponement will stimulate violence in kosovo and further encourage western reconsideration of independence .
some people hope that the postponement of heated violence in kosovo and will further encourage the west to reconsider independence .
some people hope that the postponement of the wrong violence in kosovo and further encourage the west to reconsider independence .

některé druhy důvěry lze přitom založit spíše na umělé představě typu <unk> nás nedostanou <unk> než na reálných hodnotách a přímé zkušenosti .
some kinds of trust can be based on an artificial notion of &quot; not us &quot; rather than on real values and direct experience .
however , some types of trust can be based on an artificial idea of a kind that does not come to us than on real values and direct experience .
at the same time , some types of confidence can be based on an artificial vision of a whole type of subscrippling to us than on real values and direct experience .

jejich rentrée je ( na obou stranách atlantiku ) poznamenáno také návratem obav o formu financování vážné hudby .
this rentrée is also marked ( on both sides of the atlantic ) by the return of worries about how classical music is financed .
their rhetoric is ( on both sides of the atlantic ) also marked by the fear of the form of financing of serious music .
their rhetoric is ( on both sides of the atlantic ) , it is also marked by a rationale of concern about the form of financing of serious music .

poté se bez výjimky jako jeden muž rozhodli , že by jejich ekonomiky měly strpět jestě víc téhož , ne-li horsího .
then , to a minister , without exception , they all but decided that their economies should suffer more of the same , if not worse .
then , without exception , one man decided that their economies should have five more of the same momentum , if not the mountain .
then , without exception , one man has decided that their economies should spend more of the same , if not worse .

je zřejmé , že v boji proti komunismu byla polská církev skutečně konzervativní - a díkybohu za to !
to be sure , in the struggle against communism , the polish church was , indeed , conservative--and thank god for that !
it is clear that , in the fight against communism , polish church has been a truly conservative - and a piece of cypriots !
it is clear that in the fight against communism , polish church was really conservative - and girls for this !

· pacienti musí být lépe informováni o rizicích léků na předpis a je třeba je více angažovat v detekci potíží a jejich nahlašování .
· patients need to be better informed about the risks of prescription drugs and more involved in detection and reporting .
moreover , patients must be better informed of the risks of prescription medicines , and more involvement must be made in the fight against the difficulties and their hunger .
after all , patients must be better informed about the risks of prescription , and more must be involved in the scandals and their hunger .

a kabinet zároveň i nadále <unk> neúspěšně <unk> usiluje o odstranění ahtisaariho , aby tím vídeňské rozhovory protáhl .
and they continue to push &amp; <<unk>> 45 ; &amp; <<unk>> 45 ; unsuccessfully &amp; <<unk>> 45 ; &amp; <<unk>> 45 ; for ahtisaari &apos;s removal in order to prolong the vienna talks .
at the same time , the cabinet will continue to be successful in the elimination of ahtisaari , so that the vienna talks are sold .
at the same time , cabinet and cabinet continue to be successful in the process of eliminating ahtisaari , so that the vienna talks are proclaimed .

ve velké části světa právě tyto hospodářské reformy skutečně podkopaly tempo růstu i progresivní roli vlády , zatímco jinak vyostřovaly celkovou nerovnost .
indeed , in much of the world , such economic reforms have actually undermined growth rates as well as the progressive role of government , while otherwise increasing overall inequalities .
in a large part of the world , these economic reforms have really undermined the pace of growth and the progressive role of the government , while otherwise they have exacerbated overall inequality .
in a large part of the world , these economic reforms have actually undermined the rate of growth and the progressive role of governments , while otherwise they have dramatised overall inequality .

kroky směřující k úplné převoditelnosti kapitálového účtu se prováděly zároveň s působivým růstem indických valutových rezerv .
the moves towards full capital-account convertibility have proceeded in step with impressive growth in india &apos;s foreign-currency reserves .
action aimed at the complete transfer of capital accounts has also been carried out with the impressive growth of india &apos;s valley reserves .
steps towards full transfer of capital accounts have been carried out at the same time with an impressive increase in the indian valley .

během posledních 25 let v evropě rostla nezaměstnanost , jelikož v boji proti inflaci byla zpřísněna měnová politika a zvýšeny úrokové míry .
over the past 25 years in europe , unemployment rose as monetary policy was tightened and interest rates were raised to fight inflation .
over the last 25 years , unemployment has risen in europe , as in the fight against inflation , monetary policy has been tightened up and increased interest rates .
over the last 25 years , unemployment has risen in europe , because in the fight against inflation , monetary policy and increased interest rates have been tightened up .

bylo to přece přijetí racionální a tržně orientované hospodářské politiky , co někdejší komunistické země přivedlo na práh členství v eu .
it was , of course , the embrace of rational , market-driven economic policies by the former communist nations that has brought them to the brink of eu membership .
after all , this was the adoption of a rational and market-oriented economic policy , what the former communist countries have added to the eu &apos;s membership threshold .
it was , after all , the adoption of a rational and market-based economic policy , what the former communist country has brought to the threshold of eu membership .

lidé se tedy rozčilují nad něčím , co ve vzdálené budoucnosti <unk> pokud a jestli se tak stane <unk> může , ale nemusí mít kdovíjaký dopad .
so tempers are rising over something which , if and when it happens in the distant future , may or may not have much impact .
therefore , people are born over something that is in a distant future if it is going to be possible , but it does not have an impact .
people are therefore being discovered by something that is remarkable in the revitalised future , if they are going to happen , but they may not have the impact they have .

bushova administrativa , byť sýrii formálně neobvinila , tak v podstatě učinila také , když odvolala svého velvyslance z damašku .
the bush administration , while not formally blaming syria , virtually did so and recalled its ambassador to damascus .
in fact , the bush administration , even if syria was not formally accused , has also made it in essence , when he referred to his ambassador from damascus .
in fact , the bush administration , although syria formally did not accuse it , has actually done so , when he referred to his ambassador from a departure .

nemůžeme také tvrdit , jak tomu bylo v minulosti , že pramenem našich hodnot je bůh , příroda , rozum či zákonitosti dějin .
nor can we claim , as we used to , that our values spring from god , nature , reason , or historical laws .
we cannot also argue , as was the case in the past , that the threshold of our values is bleak , nature , birth or the law of history .
we cannot also argue , as was the case in the past , that the threshold of our values is blank , nature , or the legality of history .

zacelování dnešního rozštěpeného světa by mohlo začít jedině s novým politickým vedením v usa a v británii a s jasným přitakáním autoritě osn .
healing today &apos;s divided world could start only with fresh political leadership in both the us and uk , and a strong assertion of un authority .
only with the new political leadership in the us and britain , and with the clear attraction of the un authority , could start with today &apos;s fragmented world .
only with the new political leadership in the usa and in britain , and with a clear attraction of the un &apos;s authority , could start with the new political leadership of the us and the united nations .

když se ale dnes podíváme na potíže eurozóny , riziko vysokých dlouhodobých nominálních úrokových sazeb vůbec nefiguruje v první desítce obav investorů .
but if you look at the euro zone &apos;s economic problems today , the danger of high long-term nominal interest rates does not even rank among investors &apos; top ten concerns .
however , when we look at the difficulties of the euro area today , the risk of high long-term nominal interest rates is not at all addressed in the first tens of concerns of investors .
however , when we look at the difficulties of the euro area today , the risk of high long-term nominal interest rates is not at all intended in the first dozens of investors &apos; concerns .

jestě důležitějsí ovsem je , že jakmile se sníží soukromé příjmy , rostou vládní výdaje na sociální péči , což vyvolá oživení poptávky , výstupu , investic a zaměstnanosti .
but , more importantly , when private incomes fall , government social-welfare expenditures rise , sparking a recovery in demand , output , investment , and employment .
what is important is that , once private incomes are reduced , government spending on social care is rising , which is causing a recovery of demand , an increase , investment and employment .
the importance of the sheep is that , once private revenues are reduced , government expenditure on social care is rising , causing recovery of demand , concessions , investment and employment .

druhý paradoxně odráží náš stále cyničtější přístup k politice a politikům a třetí je výsledkem naší mediální kultury posedlé snahou dávat událostem <unk> lidskou tvář <unk> .
the second , paradoxically , reflects our growing cynicism towards politics and politicians . and the third is the result of our media culture , obsessed as it is with putting a &quot; face &quot; to events .
the second paradoxical , paradoxically , reflects our increasingly cynical approach to politics and politicians , and the third is the result of our media culture , obsessed by the efforts of the events of the people &apos;s face .
the second paradoxically reflects our increasingly cynical approach to policy and politicians , and the third is the result of our media culture , as a result of our media culture , to give the events of the human face .

to , jak celou věc zvládne , neovlivní pouze indický hospodářský vývoj , ale poskytne modelový příklad i číně , která výhledově o směnitelnosti uvažuje .
how it goes about this will not only effect india &apos;s economic development , but provide object lessons for china as it ponders convertibility in the years ahead .
it will not only affect india &apos;s economic development , but it will provide a model example of china , which is looking for ridiculous direction .
it will not only affect the indian economic development , but will provide a model example to china , which is thinking about the direction of rigour .

navzdory aids a opětovnému zesílení malárie a tuberkulózy se díky kvalitnějším soustavám veřejného zdravotnictví ve velké části světa prodloužila průměrná délka života .
despite aids and the resurgence of malaria and tuberculosis , life expectancy has increased in much of the world due to improved public health systems .
in spite of aids and the re-intensification of malaria and tuberculosis , thanks to the quality of public health systems in the large part of the world , the average life expectancy has been extended .
despite aids and the re-intensification of malaria and tuberculosis , thanks to better public health systems in a large part of the world , it has extended the average life expectancy .

to je dobré pro evropu , poněvadž to pomáhá zlepšit alokaci kapitálu a stimuluje růst přesunem německých úspor do odlehlých a dříve znevýhodněných oblastí eurozóny .
this is good for europe , because it helps improve the allocation of capital and stimulates growth by transporting german savings to the remote and previously disadvantaged regions of the euro zone .
this is a good thing for europe , because it helps to improve the retail of capital and stimulates the growth of german savings in remote and previously disadvantaged areas of the euro area .
this is a good thing for europe , because it helps to improve the retail of capital and stimulates the growth of german savings in remote and previously disadvantaged areas of the euro area .

přitom ecb nemusí chodit tak daleko jako fed , který úrokové sazby zvyšuje po 25 bazických bodech už 12 po sobě jdoucích schůzek , a přitom to z jeho strany ještě není vše .
at the same time , the ecb does not need to go nearly as far as the fed , which has raised interest rates in increments of 25 basis points at 12 consecutive meetings , with still more to come .
at the same time , the ecb does not have to go as far as a fatal rate that increases interest rates after 25 battery points from 12 to its meetings , yet it is not all about it .
at the same time , the ecb does not have to go as far as a fed rate that increases interest rates for 25 basin points already 12 after 12 meetings , while it is not all about it .

letošní jednání ve vídni , které zprostředkovala organizace spojených národů , ukázalo , že k dohodnutému urovnání mezi srbskem a kosovem o <unk> konečném statusu <unk> nedojde .
negotiations this year in vienna , brokered by the united nations , showed that an agreed settlement between serbia and kosovo on &quot; final status &quot; will not happen .
this year &apos;s negotiations in vienna , which broke the united nations , have shown that the agreed settlement between serbia and kosovo has not been in place .
this year &apos;s negotiations in vienna , which was mediated by the united nations , have shown that the agreed settlement between serbia and kosovo has not been included in the final statute .

pokud ano , pak by si experti mohli zvyknout na zodpovědnost tím , že by projevovali větší pokoru , a politická debata by mohla začít znít méně hašteřivě .
if so , pundits might adapt to accountability by showing more humility , and political debate might begin to sound less shrill .
if so , then the experts would be able to pick up on the responsibility by demonstrating a greater level , and the political debate could start starting less hatred .
if so , then the experts would be able to take advantage of the responsibility that they would show greater distortions , and the political debate could start to become less hazard .

v minulosti na systému eu z rozpočtového hlediska silně tratila právě británie ; zemědělství totiž představuje dvě třetiny veškerých výdajů eu a británie má malý zemědělský sektor , pročež dostávala nízké zemědělské dotace .
in the past , the big loser from the eu system , in budgetary terms , was the uk ; for while agriculture accounted for two thirds of all eu spending , the uk had a small farm sector , and therefore received small farm payments .
in the past , the eu system has been heavily trained by britain in budgetary terms ; agriculture represents two thirds of all eu spending and britain has a small agricultural sector that has received low agricultural subsidies .
in the past , in the eu system in terms of budgetary terms , britain has been heavily trained ; in fact , agriculture represents two thirds of all eu expenditure , and britain has a small agricultural sector that has received low agricultural subsidies .

útoky v madridu , londýně a na bali , stejně jako několik zmařených operací ve spojených státech a v británii byly vesměs charakterizovány roztroušenou organizací .
the madrid , london , and bali attacks , as well as several thwarted operations in the united states and britain , were all characterized by their dispersed organization .
the attacks in madrid , london and bali , as well as a few confused operations in the united states , and in britain , they have been characterised by heated organisations .
the attacks in madrid , london and bali , as well as a few confused operations in the united states and in britain , have been characterised by the fragmentation of the organisation .

vzhledem k dlouhé realizační lhůtě mezi přípravou projektu a prvními přínosy snížení emisí mají tvůrci projektů na svou činnost jen několik let , než za současných okolností přestanou platby za uhlík smysluplně přispívat k financování projektů .
given the long lead time between project preparation and the first benefits of emissions reductions , project developers have only a few years to act before carbon payments cease to make a meaningful contribution to project finance in the current context .
given the long term of implementation between the preparatory project and the first benefits of reducing emissions , the creative projects have only a few years for their activities than in the current circumstances they will translate carbon payments into a meaningful contribution to the financing of projects .
in view of the long implementation period between the preparatory project and the first benefits of reducing emissions , only a few years ago , than in the current circumstances , payments will be fully contributing to financing projects .

politici <unk> třeba jacques chirac ve francii , silvio berlusconi v itálii a ecofin ( ministři financí členských států evropské unie ) <unk> nadále prosazují neměnné , ba nižší úrokové sazby .
politicians -- like jacques chirac in france , silvio berlusconi in italy , and ecofin ( the finance ministers of the european union &apos;s member states ) -- continue to press for fixed , even lower , interest rates .
politicians in jacques chirac in france , silvio berlusconi in italy and ecofin ( the finance ministers of the member states of the european union ) continue to promote an unmeasurable , lower interest rates .
politicians need to be included in jacques chirac in france , silvio berlusconi in italy and ecofin ( ministers of the member states of the european union ) continue to promote non-measurable , lower interest rates .

bushova administrativa kdysi tvrdila , že válka v iráku bude mít příznivý dopad na ekonomiku , a jeden tiskový mluvčí dokonce naznačil , že je to nejlepší způsob , jak zajistit nízké ceny ropy .
the bush administration once claimed that the iraq war would be good for the economy , with one spokesperson even suggesting that it was the best way to ensure low oil prices .
the bush administration once said that the war in iraq will have a positive impact on the economy , and one press spokesman has even indicated that it is the best way to ensure the low oil prices .
the bush administration once said that the war in iraq will have a positive impact on the economy , and one press spot has even indicated that it is the best way to ensure the low price of oil .

od roku 1991 indie přecházela od devalvace rupie k úplné směnitelnosti , když rezervní banka indie ( rbi ) uvolňovala celou škálu devizových regulačních mechanismů .
since 1991 india has been travelling on a path from rupee devaluation to full convertibility , with the reserve bank of india ( rbi ) relaxing a range of foreign-exchange controls .
since 1991 , india has ceased from the devaluation of rupie to complete rigour , when the reserve bank ( rbi ) has mobilised the whole range of video regulatory mechanisms .
since 1991 , india has moved from the devaluation of devaluation to total rigour , when the reserve bank ( rbi ) has released the whole range of video regulatory mechanisms .

ale jestliže se ti , kdo budovali poválečný mezinárodní měnový systém , snažili vymýtit nebezpečí vycházející z panikou způsobovaných mezinárodních finančních krizí , proč jsou tito finanční démoni opět mezi námi ?
but if those who built the post-world war ii international monetary system worked to guard against the dangers posed by panic-driven international financial crises , why are these financial devils back ?
however , if those who have built a post-war international monetary system have tried to eradicate the dangers arising from the panic caused by the international financial crisis , why are these financial démoni once again between us ?
however , if those who have built a post-war international monetary system have tried to eradicate the dangers arising from the panic of the international financial crisis , why are these financial démonies once again among us ?

tyto státy viděly , že jihoevropské země - největsí obavy vzbuzovala itálie a řecko - mají kvůli své očividné toleranci k inflaci tradičně vysoký poměr mezi zadlužením a hdp a relativně vysoké nominální úrokové sazby .
these countries saw that southern european countries--italy and greece were the biggest worries--traditionally had high debt-to-gdp ratios and relatively high nominal interest rates because of their perceived tolerance of inflation .
these states have seen that the south european countries - the greatest concerns have been raised by italy and greece - have , due to their obvious tolerance for inflation , a traditional high proportion of debt and gdp , and a relatively high nominal interest rate .
these states have seen that the southern european countries - the biggest concerns are raised by italy and greece - have , due to their obvious tolerance to inflation , a high rate between debt and gdp and relatively high nominal interest rates .

sportovně užitkový vůz , který ujede ve městě patnáct kilometrů a spálí přitom jeden galon ( cca 4,5 litru ) benzinu , vypustí do atmosféry zhruba tři kilogramy uhlíku .
an suv going ten miles in the city and burning a gallon of gasoline pumps about three kilograms of carbon into the atmosphere .
the sporting will of one kilometre in the town of fifteen kilometres and the burg of one galleg ( cca 4.5 ctrine ) will delete the atmosphere of around three carbon kilos .
at the same time , the sports will of a fifteen kilometres in the town of fifteen kilometres and , at the same time , one galon ( cca 4.5 library ) , will get around three carbon killings into the atmosphere .

tyto požadavky se dramaticky vystupňovaly po harírího smrti , když desítky tisíc spolustraníků bývalého premiéra , již dříve zůstávali ve věci sýrie neutrální , skandovali <unk> sýrie ven <unk> .
such demands escalated dramatically after hariri &apos;s death , as tens of thousands of the former prime minister &apos;s partisans , who previously sat on the fence when it came to syria , shouted &quot; syria out . &quot;
these requirements have dramatically escalated after harassment of death , when tens of thousands of co-ministers of former prime minister , who have previously remained in syria neutral , were scanned by syria .
these requirements have been dramatically exhausted after harshly death , when tens of thousands of former prime ministers have already remained in syria on syria , scandalous , scandals were shocked by syria .

migrénu : její ekonomika vykazuje nejhorší výsledky ze všech zemí eurolandu , rozšíření eu se jeví spíše hrozbou než positivní příležitostí , slabé euro vyvolává strach , brusel chce radikálně omezit příjemné státní dotace .
migraine : its economy has the worst performance in euroland , eu enlargement seems more threat than opportunity , the weak euro causes angst , brussels wants to slash its cushy state subsidies .
the economy is showing the worst results from all the countries of eurolando , enlargement of the eu seems to be a threat rather than a strengthening of opportunities , the weakness of the euro is causing fear , brussels wants to radically limit the recipient state subsidies .
the eu &apos;s enlargement seems to be a threat rather than a strong opportunity , a weak euro , brussels wants to radically limit the grave state subsidies from its economy .

americká zkušenost však ukazuje , že přimět vedoucí umělce , jako jsou hudební ředitelé orchestrů , aby se účastnili shánění dotací , nemusí být pro uměleckou stránku této funkce špatné .
but us experience shows that getting artistic leaders like orchestra music directors to participate in fundraising need not be bad for the artistic side of the job .
however , the us experience shows , however , that it shows that it will force the leaders of the music , such as the music director of orchester , to participate in the mining of subsidies , it does not have to be the artificial side of this bad function .
however , the american experience shows , however , that it shows that it is the leader of the artists , such as the music of orchester , in order to participate in disclosure of subsidies , it does not need to be an artificial side of this bad office .

toto téma nicméně znovu roznítilo dřívější diskusi o vojenském odstrašování , oboustranné jisté zkáze a kontrole jaderných zbraní a oživilo tradiční rivalitu mezi jadernými velmocemi , a to právě v okamžiku , kdy jaderné zbraně ztratily mnoho ze své závažnosti a aktuálnosti .
nevertheless , the issue rekindles old debates over deterrence , mutual assured destruction and nuclear arms control , and revives the rivalry between the nuclear powers just when nuclear weapons had lost much of their relevance .
however , this topic has once again broken up the earlier debate on military elimination , mutual discipline and control of nuclear weapons , and has revived traditional rivals between nuclear powers , precisely at a time when nuclear weapons lost many of their seriousness and updating .
however , this topic has redistributed the previous debate on military deterrence , the mutual destruction and control of nuclear weapons , and has revived traditional rivals between nuclear powers , precisely at a time when nuclear weapons lost many of their seriousness and update .

přívrženci výkonného umění v evropě poukazují na usa , kde se dnes mimo jiné i od hudebních ředitelů velkých orchestrů očekává , že se budou plně podílet na sponzorských aktivitách a angažovat se ve prospěch orchestrů v místní komunitě .
performing arts advocates in europe point to the us where , among other things , music directors of even major orchestras are now expected to fully participate in fundraising activities and be active in the local community on the orchestras behalf .
the exemplary nature of performance in europe refers to the usa , where , among other things , the music directors of large orchestrates are expected to participate fully in sponsors and engage in favour of orchestrates in the local community .
among other things , the exemplary outbreak in europe shows the us , where , among other things , the music of the large orchester , is expected to be fully involved in the spontaneous activities and engagement in favour of orchestralia in local communities .

znenadání byly zpět ohromně destruktivní krize plynoucí z davového chování : mexiko , thajsko , korea , brazílie a další připomínaly nejvíce americkou finanční paniku z roku 1873 nebo rakouskou krizi creditanstalt z roku 1931 .
all of a sudden tremendously destructive herd-driven financial crises were back : mexico , thailand , korea , brazil , and so on looked like nothing as much as the us financial panic of 1873 or the austrian creditanstalt crisis of 1931 .
in writing . - ( pt ) the depletion of the depletion of a depleted crisis resulting from the behaviour of mexico : mexico , thailand , korea , brazil and other comments the most american financial panic of 1873 or the austrian crisis of crew from 1931 .
i am back to the impasse of the destructive crisis from the behaviour of mexico : thailand , korea , brazil , brazil and others have reminded the most american financial panic panel of 1873 or the austrian economic crisis of creditation from 1931 .

formální uznání turecka za kandidátskou zemi v roce 1999 vedlo turecko k nevídanému reformnímu úsilí v oblasti lidských práv a práv menšin , včetně zrušení trestu smrti , pojistek proti mučení , podpory náboženských svobod , rovnosti pohlaví a omezení role armády v politickém životě .
turkey &apos;s formal recognition as a candidate state in 1999 led turkey to undertake unprecedented reform efforts in the area of human and minority rights , including abolition of the death penalty , safeguards against torture , promotion of religious freedoms , gender equality , and restriction of the military &apos;s role in political life .
in 1999 , turkey &apos;s formal recognition for turkey &apos;s candidate country in 1999 led to turkey &apos;s unprecedented reform efforts in the area of human rights and minority rights , including the abolition of the death penalty , safeguards against torture , promotion of religious freedoms , gender equality and restrictions on the role of army in political life .
in 1999 , turkey has led turkey to an unprecedented reform effort in the field of human rights and minority rights , including the abolition of the death penalty , certain safeguards against torture , support for religious freedoms , gender equality and the restriction of the role of the army in political life .

ostatně , v jižní a východní evropě k inflaci dojde <unk> musí k ní dojít , neboť jak se regiony rozvíjejí a industrializují , jejich směnné relace se musí zlepšovat a právě inflace je způsob , jímž k tomu v měnové unii může docházet .
there will , after all be inflation in southern and eastern europe -- there must be , for as regions develop and industrialize their terms of trade must improve , and under a monetary union regional inflation is how this can happen .
after all , in southern and eastern europe , inflation is going to take place in the region of south and eastern europe , as the regions of its development and industrialists are developing , their ridiculous relatives must be improved , and it is precisely the way in which inflation can be seen in the monetary union .
after all , in the south and eastern europe , inflation must take place , as the regions of its industrialised and industrialising are developing , their ridiculous relatives must be improved and inflation is the way in which the monetary union can achieve this .

pravda <unk> systém obrany proti řízeným střelám , který ( zdráhavě ) předložil bill clinton a který ( nadšeně ) předkládá george w . bush <unk> s masivní podporou amerického kongresu <unk> se podstatně liší od snu ronalda reagana ve stylu hvězdných válek z doby před dvaceti lety : cílem systému národní protiraketové obrany ( nmd ) je zadržet jen malý počet válečných hlavic , nikoli poskytovat kompletní obranu před nepřátelskými střelami .
true , the defense against missiles which bill clinton ( reluctantly ) and george w. bush ( enthusiastically ) are proposing -- with massive support from america &apos;s congress -- is different from ronald reagan &apos;s star wars dream of twenty years ago : nmd is supposed to catch only a modest number of warheads , not provide complete protection against enemy missiles .
the truth of the defence system against the organised clashes , which ( rehabilitated ) presented a bill clinton ( enthusiastim ) is being presented by george bush , with the massive support of the us congress , is considerably different from sronana in response to the junk of the war of twenty years ago : the aim of the anti-missile defence system ( mnd ) is to provide a small number of warnings , not to provide complete clashes , not to give a lip .
the true system of defence against firearms , which i have presented bill clinton ( enthusiastic ) , which is presented by george bush , bush , with the massive support of the us congress , differ considerably from sronald , in response to the lifestyle of war years ago : the aim of the anti-national missile defence system ( music ) is only to hold a small number of warrants , not to provide a complete defence of protests .

latinskoamerické státy by si měly dát za cíl zvýšení výdajů na úroveň kolem 2 % hnp ( ze současných 0,5 % ) , a to zčásti ve formě podpory laboratoří a univerzit a zčásti ve formě pobídek pro výzkum a vývoj v soukromém sektoru . a měly by také natáhnout červený koberec nadnárodním technologickým firmám , jak to udělala asie .
latin american countries should aim to increase spending to around 2 % of gnp ( from 0.5 % currently ) , partly through public support for laboratories and universities and partly through incentives for private-sector r &amp; d. they should roll out the red carpet for high-tech multinational firms , just as asia has done .
the us states should set up a target of around 2 % of the current ( 0.5 % ) , in the form of the support of ramid and universities , and in the form of incentives for research and development in the private and private sector , the aim should also be to increase the cost of spending around 2 % of the current ( 0.5 % ) , in the form of the promotion of support for laboratories and university , as well as in the form of incentives for research and development in the private sector .
the us latin america should aim to increase the level of 2 % of the current 2 % ( 0.5 % ) , partly in the form of aid and in the form of universities and in the form of research and development in the private sector , as well as to the red cross of the multinationals ( 0.5 % ( 0.5 % ) , in part of the form of support laboratories and in the form of universities and in the form of incentives for research and technology .

severoevropské země se obávaly , že by deficitní výdaje jižních zemí mohly nakonec vytvořit tlak na částečnou monetarizaci jejich dluhů skrze inflaci eura - či přesněji řečeno , jejich lídři měli strach , že by se investoři právě kvůli takovým obavám dožadovali vyssích úrokových sazeb .
the northern european countries feared that deficit spending by the south might ultimately create pressure for partial monetization of their debt through inflation of the euro--or , more precisely , their leaders feared that investors , fearing the same thing , would demand higher interest rates .
the european countries were concerned that the deficits of the southern countries could ultimately create partial pressure on the debt of their inflation - or the euro - to tell them that their investors should be called for precisely because of the interest rates of the southern countries .
in the case of the north-west european countries , the budget expenditure of the southern countries could finally create pressure on the sudanese debt of their deterrent debts - and they should be afraid that they would just like those countries in the north of the european north-western european countries , that the export expenditure of the southern countries could ultimately create pressure on the sudanese debt of their debt of inflation - the euro , or their restraint , that they should be afraid that they are just because of such tariffs for interest rates .

přesto je čas připustit , že vlády nejsou dost dobře uzpůsobeny k tomu , aby chápaly složité technologické problémy a příležitosti , které před světem stojí , a že je potřeba vyvinout nové metody , jež zajistí , že věda a technika získají takové postavení , aby mohly řešit celou řadu stále naléhavějších celosvětových problémů .
nevertheless , it &apos;s time to recognize that governments are ill-equipped to understand the sophisticated technological challenges and opportunities facing the world , and that new ways are needed to ensure that science and technology are given the prominence needed to address a wide range of increasingly urgent global problems .
however , it is not enough to allow governments to understand complex technological problems and opportunities that are facing the world , and that there is a need to develop a new method to ensure that they are able to tackle the situation and that they are given sufficient time to allow the governments to face up to a whole range of challenges , so that they are not well enough to understand the complex technological problems that are difficult and that the world is facing , and that there is a need to develop a new method to ensure that they can and that they are able to tackle the situation as a whole range of this kind of technology .
however , it is time that the governments are not given enough to recognise the complex technological problems and opportunities that need to develop new techniques , and to ensure that such techniques can be dealt with , yet it is time that the governments are not well allowed to do so enough to understand the complex technological problems and problems that are facing , and that there is a need to develop new methods , and to ensure that there are new technologies that are more and more effective solutions to deal with a global level of crisis .

